Chapter 1: The Heart of a Demon Never Has Regret, Even in Death



“Fang Yuan, quietly hand over the Spring Autumn Cicada and I’ll give you a quick death!”


“You old bastard, stop attempting to resist! Today, every major faction of the righteous path has come together to put an end to you. There’s no way out; this time we’ll have your head!”


“Fang Yuan, you damn demon, just because you wanted to refine the Spring Autumn Cicada, you’ve slaughtered countless people! Your sins are beyond forgiveness!”


“Demon, three hundred years ago you insulted me, took away my body’s purity, and executed my nine generations[1]! From that moment onwards, I hated you with a burning passion! Today, I want you to die!”


•••


Fang Yuan wore deep green robes that had been torn to shreds. His hair was disheveled, and his entire body was covered in blood. He looked around.


His tattered robes waved lightly in the mountain breeze like a war flag.


Fresh blood flowed from the numerous wounds on his body. Just by standing there for a short while, a great pool of it had formed beneath his feet.


He was surrounded by enemies; there was already no way out.


It was a foregone conclusion that he would die here.


Fang Yuan understood his situation clearly, but even in the face of death, his expression did not change. It was calm.


His gaze was quiet, his eyes like deep pools of water in a well, so deep that there seemed to be no end.


The major factions of the righteous path that had surrounded him were not just experienced elders, but also young and talented heroes. Amongst those around him, some were roaring and some were sneering; some had eyes that gleamed with light, and some held their wounds while looking on fearfully.


They did not move. Everyone was wary of Fang Yuan’s final attack.


This tense moment lasted for six hours until the evening came, the sun casting its rays upon the mountainside. In that moment, it was as if the place was on fire.


Fang Yuan, who had been silent and still as a sculpture the entire time, slowly turned his body.


The group of warriors was suddenly alerted, and they all retreated a step.


By now, the gray mountain rock beneath Fang Yuan’s feet had long been stained a deep red. His face had become deathly pale from blood loss; in the afterglow of the sunset, it suddenly had a brilliant luster upon it.


Looking at the setting sun, Fang Yuan lightly laughed.


“The sun sets above the blue mountain,


the autumn moon with the wind of spring.


Hair like black threads by dawn, now snow white by evening,


whether you succeed or fail, when you look back there’s nothing left.”[2]


As he recited the poem, memories of his previous life emerged before his eyes.


He was originally a Chinese scholar from Earth who chanced upon this world. He struggled for three hundred years and journeyed on for another two hundred; over five hundred years of his life flew by in the blink of an eye.


So many memories that were buried deep inside the heart began to relive themselves, sprouting into life before his eyes.


I failed in the end. Fang Yuan sighed emotionally in his heart, yet he had no regrets.


This end result was something he had foreseen. When he made his decision in the beginning, he had prepared himself for this.


To be a demon is to be merciless and cruel, a murderer and destroyer. There is no place in heaven and earth for such a thing — it is to make oneself into an enemy of the world.


If the Spring Autumn Cicada that I have just refined is effective, I shall still be a demon in my next life! With this thought, Fang Yuan couldn’t help but let out a big laugh.


“Wicked demon, what are you laughing about?”


“Be careful everyone, the demon is going to attack before his final moments!”


“Hurry up and surrender the Spring Autumn Cicada!!”


The group of warriors surged forward. But at that moment, with a loud bang, Fang Yuan was engulfed in a blinding surge of energy.


•••


The spring rain quietly fell down on Qing Mao Mountain[3].


It was already late in the night, and a slight breeze was blowing with the light rain.


Yet Qing Mao Mountain was not covered in darkness; from the side down to the foot of the mountain, many tiny lights shone like a bright band.


These thousands of lights shone from tall buildings, and they formed, if not a sea, then at least a lake of stars.


Situated on the mountain was Gu Yue[4] Village, giving the vast, lonely landscape a rich touch of human civilization.


In the middle of Gu Yue Village was a magnificent pavilion. A grand ceremony was being held at this moment, and the lights were brighter than ever, radiating with glory.


“Ancestors, please bless us! We pray that this ceremony will give us many young men of outstanding talent and intelligence, bringing their families new blood and hope!” The head of the Gu Yue Clan was a middle-aged man. His sideburns were graying, and he was clothed in ceremonial white robes as he kneeled on the brownish-yellow floor. His body was straight with his hands held together, eyes tightly shut as he prayed sincerely.


He was facing a tall black case; three shelves could be seen, all housing memorial tablets of his ancestors. On both sides of the tablets, copper incense was burning, the smoke rising.


Behind him, over ten people kneeled in a similar fashion, clad in similar garments. They were the clan’s elders and top brass.


After finishing his prayers, the Gu Yue clan head bent his waist with his hands pressing against the floor and kowtowed. As his forehead knocked against the floor, a light thud could be heard. Behind him, the others solemnly and quietly followed suit.


With this, the hall was filled with a chorus of light thuds.


When the ceremony was over, the crowd of people slowly got up from the ground and silently walked out of the sacred temple.


Once in the hallways, they let out sighs of relief, and the formal atmosphere dissipated. The noise of discussion slowly rose.


“Time flies too quickly. In the blink of an eye, a year has gone by.”


“The previous ceremony feels like it just happened yesterday, I can still recall it vividly.”


“Tomorrow is the day of the annual Awakening Ceremony. I wonder what new blood will show up this year?”


“Ah, I hope that some highly talented youths will appear. The Gu Yue Clan hasn’t seen a genius emerge for three years now.”


“Agreed. Bai[5] Village and Xiong[6] Village both had some talented geniuses appear in the last few years. Especially that Bai Ning Bing, his natural talent is quite terrifying.”


It was unclear who had brought up the name Bai Ning Bing, but the faces of the elders started to show worry.


The boy’s qualifications were splendid; in just two years of training, he had already become a rank three Gu Master.


He could be said to be the most outstanding talent of the younger generation. It was to the point that even the older generation could feel pressured.


In time, he would inevitably become the pillar of the Bai Clan. At the very least, he would also be an independently strong warrior. No one doubted this fact.


“But for this year’s youths that will be participating in the ceremony, not all hope is lost.”


“You’re right, Fang Zhi’s branch fathered a young genius. He could talk at three months and walk after four. At five years of age he was able to recite poetry. He seems exceptionally intelligent and especially talented. What a pity that his parents died early; now he is being raised by his uncle and aunt.”


“Yes, he’s displayed wisdom from a very young age, and also harbors great ambition. In recent years I have heard his creations ‘A Toast’[7], ‘Ode to Plum Blossoms’[8], and ‘Riverside Town’[9], he is truly a genius!”


The Gu Yue clan head was the last to walk out of the ancestral temple. After slowly closing the door, he heard the discussions that were going on in the corridor among the clan elders.


He knew at once that the elders were discussing the youth known as Gu Yue Fang Yuan.


As the head of the clan, it was natural for him to pay attention to outstanding and prominent youths. And it so happened that Gu Yue Fang Yuan was the most eye-catching among them.


Experience had shown that those who had photographic memory at a young age, or those who possessed strength that could rival an adult, or had other great inborn talents, all had outstanding talent for cultivation.


If this child shows A grade potential, with great care he could even compete against Bai Ning Bing. Even if it is B grade, in the future he could also become a banner of the Gu Yue Clan. But with this sort of early intelligence, it’s much more likely that he is A grade. With this thought, the Gu Yue clan head’s lips slowly curled into a smile.


At once, with a cough he faced the clan elders and said, “Everyone, the hour is late. You should all rest well tonight and prepare yourselves for tomorrow’s ceremony.”


At his words, the elders were startled. They looked at each other with a hint of caution in their eyes.


The clan head’s words meant well, but everyone knew what he was aiming to convey.


Every year, to compete for these young geniuses, the elders would fight among themselves to the point of reddened ears and bleeding heads.


They needed to stay well-rested and replenish themselves until tomorrow, when the competition would begin.


Especially considering Gu Yue Fang Yuan, whose A grade potential was extremely high. On top of that, both his parents were deceased, and he was one of the only two descendants of Fang Zhi’s bloodline left. If one was able to get their hands on him and bring him into their own family line, with great care and training, they could secure themselves a hundred years of prosperity!


“However, I’m going to go ahead and say what needs to be said first. When you compete, do it fair and square; no tricks and conspiracies are allowed, or damage to the clan’s unity. Please keep this in mind, all of you!” the clan head strictly instructed.


“We wouldn’t dare, we wouldn’t dare.”


“We’ll keep it in mind.”


“Then this is good night, please take care.”


The clan elders slowly dispersed, deep in thought.


Not long after, the long corridor became quiet. The breeze from the spring rain blew through the window, and the clan head lightly walked up to it.


He breathed in the clean, moist air of the mountain, enjoying how refreshing it felt.


This was the third floor of the building; as he looked out the window, he could see half of Gu Yue Village.


Even if it was late in the night, most of the homes in the village still had lights on, which was unusual.


Tomorrow was the Awakening Ceremony, and it would affect everyone’s best interests. A kind of excited yet tense atmosphere had enveloped the hearts of the people of the clan, and naturally many people could not sleep well.


“This is the hope for the clan’s future.” With the many lights dancing in his eyes, the clan head sighed.


At the very same moment, a pair of clear eyes quietly looked at the same lights sparkling in the night, full of complex feelings inside.


Gu Yue Village, this is five hundred years ago?! Looks like the Spring Autumn Cicada really worked… Fang Yuan quietly observed as he stood by the window, letting the rain from the wind hit his body.


The use of the Spring Autumn Cicada was to reverse time. In the Top Ten Mystical Gu rankings, the Spring Autumn Cicada managed to be ranked seventh. Naturally, it was no mere creature.


In short, it was the ability to be reborn.


With the use of the Spring Autumn Cicada, I’ve gone back to five hundred years ago! Fang Yuan stretched out his hand, his gaze fixed on his soft, young, pale palm. He slowly clenched it, embracing the truth of this reality with all his might.


The sound of the drizzling rain against the window sill filling his ears, he slowly closed his eyes, opening them after a long while. He sighed. Five hundred years of experience, it really feels like a dream.


But he knew it clearly: this was definitely not a dream.


* * *


[1]. A form of capital punishment in ancient China (and a few other countries). Basically “you slaughtered my family, root and branch!”


[2]. A mix of lines from Li Bai’s ‘Bring in the Wine’ (將進酒) and Yang Shen’s ‘The Immortals by the River’ (臨江仙), with Bai Juyi having used 秋月春风 (“the autumn moon with the wind of spring”) before Yang Shen.


[3]. Qing Mao Mountain (青茅山) – “Green Thatch Mountain”


[4]. Gu Yue (古月) – “Ancient Moon”


[5]. Bai (白) – “white”


[6]. Xiong (熊) – “bear”


[7]. ‘A Toast’ (《将敬酒》 or 《將進酒》) by Li Bai. The author gave the name 《将敬酒》 in Chinese, but my research indicates the proper name for this poem is 《將進酒》.


[8]. ‘Ode to Plum Blossoms’ (《咏梅》) by Lu You.


[9]. ‘Riverside Town’ (《江城子》) by Su Shi.


