Chapter 10: Storms May Arise From Clear Skies / Refining Gu is Very Difficult


Pitter patter…


Heavy raindrops fell to the earth, battering the roof of the verdant bamboo house.


The surface of the pond in front of the building was full of ripples as the rain fell, the fish in the water swimming lively around, the aquatic plants swaying about in the depths. The sky was overcast, a thick rain curtain obscuring one’s vision as far as the eye could see.


In the somewhat dim room, the window was open, and Fang Yuan quietly watched the heavy rainfall, sighing.


It has already been three days and three nights.


Three nights ago he had walked out of the village with two jars of wine, searching the outskirts of the village. But when it was late into the night, it started pouring rain. Even ignoring the fact that he would be drenched to the bone, he could not search any longer.


The rainwater would quickly wash away the aroma of wine. At the same time, if he forced himself to search under such conditions, it might arouse suspicions. He was pretending to be a depressed drunk to cover up his actions, but he knew never to underestimate the intelligence of those around him. Only a fool would think others were stupid.


Helpless, Fang Yuan could only stop his search.


Worse, the moment it started, the rain went on continuously. Sometimes it became heavier and sometimes lighter, but it never stopped.


It seems that I won’t be able to search for the Liquor Worm for a short period of time. To be safe, I can only choose to start refining my Moonlight Gu. If I can find the Liquor Worm during the refinement process it would be best, but if I can’t, then this will have to do. But this is no surprise; a storm may arise from a clear sky, something unexpected may happen at any time. In this world, who can have a journey without obstacles?


Fang Yuan’s thoughts were very calm. His many years of experience had long washed away what little impulsiveness he had to begin with.


He closed the door and window and sat cross-legged on his bed. He slowly closed his eyes, and after taking a few deep breaths, he calmed his state of mind.


In the next moment, his primeval aperture appeared in his mind. The aperture might be positioned inside his body, but it was very strange, limitlessly big and yet infinitely small. The shell of the aperture was a wall of light. The white light seemed thin, but it still supported the aperture well.


In the aperture was a sea of primeval essence. The seawater was a green-copper color, the surface clear and calm as a mirror. The water level was about half the height of the aperture, or more precisely, 44%.


This was the green copper primeval sea of a rank one Gu Master. It was Fang Yuan’s life force and the condensation of his essence, vitality, and soul.


Every drop of primeval essence was precious, because it was the root of a Gu Master, and was their source of power. Gu Masters relied on primeval essence to refine and use Gu.


As he pulled his mind from the primeval sea, Fang Yuan opened his eyes and retrieved his Moonlight Gu. The crystalline crescent moon sat quietly in the middle of his palm.


With a simple thought, the primeval sea in his aperture rippled, and a jet of primeval essence broke from the sea surface and flew out of his body, rushing into the Moonlight Gu. The Moonlight Gu suddenly radiated a fierce blue light, trembling in Fang Yuan’s palm as it resisted the influx of primeval essence.


Gu were the essence of heaven and earth, carriers of the world’s secrets, bearers of the laws of nature. They were living creatures that dwelled under the sky, each born with a will of its own. Right now, Fang Yuan was trying to refine it: to wipe out its will and replace it with his own. Feeling the looming danger, the Moonlight Gu naturally resisted.


The process of refinement was difficult.


As the green copper primeval essence poured into the crescent-shaped insect, its two pointed ends turned green. Slowly, his green copper essence began to spread towards the middle of the crescent moon.


In less than three minutes, Fang Yuan’s face had become pale. A massive amount of primeval essence poured into the Moonlight Gu, making him feel a weakness that rapidly attacked his heart.


1%, 2%, 3%…8%, 9%, 10%.


Ten minutes later, Fang Yuan had spent 10% of his primeval essence. Yet, on the Moonlight Gu’s crystalline blue surface, the points of green copper essence on the two tips of the crescent had only expanded slightly towards the center.


The resistance of the Moonlight Gu was immensely strong. Fortunately, Fang Yuan had anticipated this and did not feel surprised. He persisted and poured more essence into the Moonlight Gu.


1%, 2%, 3%…


After another twenty minutes, Fang Yuan’s primeval sea only filled 14% of his aperture. The green copper essence on the Moonlight Gu had expanded slightly, covering about a twelfth of its surface. The rest of the Moonlight Gu’s was still its original light blue.


Refining Gu is very difficult, Fang Yuan sighed as he looked at it. He broke off the influx of primeval essence, stopping the refining process.


Up until now, he had been refining for half an hour. The primeval sea in his aperture was depleted by more than half; only 14% was left, and the Moonlight Gu was only one-twelfth refined.


To make matters worse, the Moonlight Gu was still emitting its faint blue halo of light. Even though Fang Yuan had stopped refining, the Moonlight Gu did not stop resisting.


Fang Yuan could clearly feel that the primeval essence that he poured into the Moonlight Gu was being pushed out, bit by bit. On its surface, the green patches at the tips of the crescent were slowly shrinking.


Calculating it, in about six hours, the Moonlight Gu would be able to completely expel all of Fang Yuan’s primeval essence. At that time, if he began to refine this Gu again, it would be the same as starting over from scratch.


When refining Gu, it is like a fight between two armies, a battle of positional warfare, or war of attrition. Even though I refined a twelfth of it, I wasted two-thirds of my primeval essence. When refining Gu, a Gu Master has to replenish their primeval sea while continuously engaging in the refinement process to consolidate their victory. The refinement of a Gu is a test of one’s skill in shifting their primeval essence and their patience in a battle of endurance.


Fang Yuan took out a primeval stone from his bag as he pondered.


A Gu Master had two ways to replenish primeval essence. The first way was natural recovery. After a period of time, the primeval sea would naturally fill. In the case of a C grade talent like Fang Yuan, it would take about one hour to recover 4% of the total volume of his aperture. Thus, in six hours, he would recover 24%.


The second way was to absorb natural essence directly from a primeval stone.


A primeval stone was a treasure from nature itself. As condensed natural primeval essence, one could absorb it and observe the water level of the primeval sea rising with the naked eye. Fang Yuan held the stone in his palm and drew the natural primeval essence into his aperture.


After about half an hour, the primeval sea had returned to its original volume of 44%. At this level, the rising water stopped abruptly. Even though there was still space inside the aperture, Fang Yuan could not store any more primeval essence. This was the limit of his C grade talent.


From this, one could see the significance of cultivation talent. The higher the talent, the more primeval essence the aperture could hold, and the faster the natural recovery of the primeval essence would be.


In Fang Yuan’s case, to refine a Gu entirely, he would have to use primeval stones because his natural recovery rate could not overcome the rate of the Moonlight Gu expelling it.


However, in the case of the A grade talent Fang Zheng, he could replenish 8% of his primeval essence every hour. In six hours, he would recover 48%, and in the same time frame the Moonlight Gu could only expel 3%. Fang Zheng did not require the help of a primeval stone. He could keep trying with a few rests in the process and successfully refine the Moonlight Gu in a few days.


That was why Fang Yuan knew from the beginning that in this test, he never had a chance of obtaining first place. It had nothing to do with a person’s actual strength, as the first factor was talent.


The second factor would be primeval stones. If they spent them like water, a B grade could also surpass an A grade and win.


In my hands are six primeval stones. I cannot compare to Mo Bei or Chi Cheng, who have their elder family members supporting them. My talent is only C grade, and cannot be compared to Fang Zheng. I never had a chance of winning in this test. Why not divert my energy and go look for the Liquor Worm? If I can make the Liquor Worm into my vital Gu, it would be so much better than the Moonlight Gu. Hmm? The sound of rain outside the window has gotten lighter, it seems it will stop soon.


Fang Yuan placed the Moonlight Gu in his pocket and got down from his bed. As he was about to open the window, there was a knock on the door.


Outside the door came his servant Shen Cui’s voice. “Young Master Fang Yuan, it’s me. It has been raining for three days straight, so I brought you some food and wine. Young Master, please eat and drink to ease your melancholy.”


