Chapter 100: White Jade Gu


In the blink of an eye, ten more days passed.


Deep in the mountain, in the underground stone forest.


Squeakkkkk!


Dozens of jade eye stone monkeys jumped in the air, moving so fast their figures blurred.


They continued to leap and attack Fang Yuan aggressively.


If it was like before, Fang Yuan would retreat without a doubt. But now, he stood on the spot with a cold expression, still as a rock.


The stone monkeys slammed, scratched, and bit Fang Yuan’s body, each blow making a crisp sound, as if they were not attacking a person, but instead a sturdy jade pillar.


Fang Yuan’s body was covered in a layer of white light. Although it was a thinner barrier than that of the Jade Skin Gu, it was more than twice as strong.


The Jade Skin Gu’s defense could only handle sixteen monkeys at once, but now Fang Yuan could face more than thirty monkeys alone.


During the exam, I could break Fang Zheng’s Jade Skin Gu’s defense with my bare fists, but if he used this White Jade Gu, I would not be able to penetrate his defenses even if I punched so hard I broke my wrists.


Fang Yuan pondered while diverting a portion of his thoughts towards his primeval sea.


The White Jade Gu sank to the bottom of the red steel sea, constantly absorbing primeval essence. It glowed faintly white like a lightbulb.


Every time the stone monkeys attacked Fang Yuan, the White Jade Gu would flash. At the same time, Fang Yuan could feel a trace of his primeval essence being expended.


The White Jade Gu’s defense is the same type as the Jade Skin Gu, they both require a continuous supply of primeval essence. The greater the intensity of the attack, the more primeval essence is expended, Fang Yuan concluded.


He began to counterattack.


He let loose a storm of punches and kicks. His strikes were simple, yet brutally effective.


Although the White Boar Gu was gone, the strength it gave to Fang Yuan still remained in his body.


Countless monkeys fell around him. Some were sent flying by kicks, smashing into the stone pillars; some were killed before they touched the ground, turning into stone and shattering as they fell.


Between his strikes, he sent moonblades flying with a flick of his wrist, harvesting the lives of the monkeys like the reaper come to call.


Using his red steel primeval essence, the rank one Moonlight Gu’s power was raised to its limit.


Squeak squeak…


The stone monkeys screamed in fright, retreating.


In that short counterattack, Fang Yuan had exterminated all but a handful of them.


Fang Yuan killed another, and the remaining stone monkeys broke in panic, fleeing deep into the stone forest.


Fang Yuan did not chase them, but continued forward towards the center of the cavern.


Recently, he had been working hard to find the next clue for the inheritance. He had scoured most of the outskirts with no results.


He had a hunch, however. He felt that the next step of the inheritance was likely linked to the most central area of the stone forest.


The deeper he ventured, the larger the stone pillars, and the more stone monkeys living inside them.


As he walked, he observed the center of the stone forest. Located there was a massive pillar, so wide that dozens of men linking arms might not be able to encircle it.


This stone pillar was his objective.


But, the deeper he got, the larger the monkey gangs, and the harder it was to proceed.


Fang Yuan took a step that strayed too close to the territory of a group of monkeys.


Squeak squeak squeak!


From the dark caves in a nearby stone pillar, over a hundred monkeys leaped out towards him.


Fang Yuan ran for his life.


Even with the White Jade Gu, he could not resist so many at once.


The stone monkeys chased Fang Yuan for a while, then some started to abandon the chase and turned around, going back to their caves. Eventually, only thirty or so monkeys trailed after him.


Fang Yuan, seeing the time was right, turned around and fought.


After a round of battle, all but a few monkeys were slain. The few that remained fled, not even daring to return to their original caves.


After repeating this a few times, Fang Yuan had killed over a hundred stone monkeys. Fragments of shattered stone littered the paths between the pillars.


Insufficient primeval essence. Fang Yuan inspected his primeval sea and sighed, forced to stop.


If it was before, he would use primeval stones to recover, but after fusing the White Jade Gu, his finances were on the brink of collapse.


Fang Yuan picked up the stone monkey’s jade eyes and stuffed them into his bag.


It should be at the bottom of the central pillar. But to reach there, I have to open a path. His hunch was growing stronger. Fang Yuan glanced at the pillar once more before returning to the second secret room and shutting the stone door.


The corner of the room held a few different things.


There was a small bag with hundreds of jade eyes. Fang Yuan opened it and poured in the ones he had collected today. They fell into the bag with a satisfying series of clinks.


There was another bag containing wild boar tusks. Fang Yuan no longer needed to slaughter wild boars, however, because he had fused his White Boar Gu.


The new White Jade Gu was more like the Jade Skin Gu: it consumed jade.


The Jade Skin Gu needed the equivalent of two stone monkey eyes of jade every ten days, while the White Jade Gu needed eight every twenty days.


Normally speaking, the higher the rank of the Gu, the longer the interval between each meal. Rank two Gu tend to eat every half a month, while rank three Gu typically require food once a month, or even longer.


Of course, higher-ranking Gu also consume more food. On average, the White Jade Gu’s food cost more than the Jade Skin Gu and the White Boar Gu combined.


But thankfully, he had access to the stone forest and did not lack jade. Not needing to hunt wild boars for pork also saved him a great deal of time.


He tied up the bag of jade rocks and picked up a waterskin made of bullhide.


Within it was golden honey wine. A few days ago, Fang Yuan had relied on the White Jade Gu to approach a golden bee hive and gather it.


I only have two and a half primeval stones left, it is time to go to the Internal Affairs Hall and turn in the mission.


Fang Yuan took the waterskin and returned to the tunnel, squeezing out of the rock crack secret cave and returning to the outside world.


The sun was setting.


Though it was winter, it was not cold, and the weather was bright and fair. The sun cast rays of red and orange, passing through the pines to illuminate the mountain soil.


He headed back to the village, carefully taking a few detours to prevent the rock crack secret cave from being discovered.


Winter wind blew on his face, carrying the taste of freedom.


Back in the academy, he could only sneak out at night. Now that he was rank two, he could move about freely in the day without any suspicion.


More importantly, the death of the Sickly Snake and crew allowed Fang Yuan to move alone with fewer restraints.


The only downside was that he did not have any teammates to support him. The clan required each Gu Master to take at least one mission per month, which was usually done as part of a group. It would be difficult to complete alone.


The groups that had suffered casualties during the beast tide had all reorganized, and Fang Yuan had missed his chance to join one.


He had also become ostracized by his fellow Gu Masters due to the rumors spread about his survival during the beast tide. If he wished to join another team, it would not be easy.


But so what if I’m left out? The more I drift at the edges of the clan, the less attention is on me, which is only a good thing. As for the clan missions, they are mandatory, so I have to take them. But…


Fang Yuan’s eyes shone with cold light. He already knew how he would deal with this.


The clan mandated that every Gu Master had to accept a mission every month, but did not force them to complete it.


Failing a mission would lower their evaluation. That was something no Gu Master wished to see, so they put forth their full effort to complete their missions.


But to Fang Yuan, the evaluation wasn’t worth shit!


As he passed through the gate into the village, there was an endless stream of pedestrians along the limestone paths.


Typically, the streets were most crowded at this time of day.


There were Gu Masters, tired and perhaps injured, returning after a long day completing missions. There were farmers, dragging their muddy feet and exhausted bodies, moving along in silence.


In this world, living was not easy. It was full of pain and suffering.


The setting sun slowly dipped below the mountains, sending the last of its warm light. The rays were caught by the criss-crossed branches of the withering trees, leaving only a few fragments like shattered time to scatter upon the jade green walls of the bamboo houses.


“Oh no, my toy,” a girl cried out, chasing her spinning top through the crowd.


It rolled to Fang Yuan’s feet, and the girl bumped into his leg, falling to the ground.


“Sorry, sorry! For offending you, Lord Gu Master, please pardon us!” The little girl’s father hurried over. When he saw Fang Yuan’s clothing, his expression went white as paper. He held the little girl and knelt, pressing his forehead to the ground.


The girl cried out of fear, pearly tears trailing down her rosy white face.


The mortal passersby turned away and avoided them like the plague.


Some Gu Masters stared coldly before turning and leaving.


“Stop crying, you troublemaker!” The father was frightened, angry, and afraid. He raised his hand to slap her, but Fang Yuan grabbed it, holding the man’s arm still.


“It’s just a small matter, no worries.” Fang Yuan laughed lightly as he patted the girl’s head. “Don’t be afraid, it’s okay.”


The girl stopped crying, looking up at Fang Yuan through teary eyes. At that moment, she felt that this big brother was rather gentle.


“Thank you, Lord, thank you for your kindness!” The girl’s father was overjoyed, bowing to Fang Yuan over and over.


Fang Yuan continued forward.


His rented house was not far away.


And standing there before that house was his uncle Dong Tu, who was staring at Fang Yuan as he approached. Evidently, the man had been waiting for him.


