Chapter 1001: Taking Control of Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage


Time passed quickly, a month went by.


In Southern Border, be it the Gu Immortal world or the mortal world, their focus was all on one place.


This place was Yi Tian Mountain.


Under the influence of Gu Immortals adding fuel to the fire, countless righteous path and demonic path Gu Masters set off to join the two sides.


The seventh righteous and demonic fight had concluded.


The demonic path members schemed and cut off the righteous path’s supply lines.


At the moment of crisis, Shang clan leader Shang Yan Fei personally arrived with his forces, and used gourmet food box Gu, providing a feast for the army, foiling the demonic path’s scheme.


Next, the clan leaders of Southern Border’s super forces like Yi clan, Luo clan, Yao clan and Xia clan also showed themselves, joining the battlefield.


In this battlefield, rank three Gu Masters were all cannon fodder, the normally uncommon rank four Gu Masters were everywhere, and rank five Gu Masters were the most important battle power.


Life and death blessed land.


Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s dream realm had completely dissipated.




Light in the seven colors of the rainbow shined brightly, turning into a cocoon.


Crack…


Some cracking sounds came from the cocoon of light.


As time passed, more and more cracks appeared on the cocoon.


Old Man Yan Shi had a tired and haggard face, but his gaze showed that he was extremely overjoyed.


As he watched with expectations, the cocoon of light finally exploded, as a young man appeared in front of Old Man Yan Shi, completely naked and bare.


He floated in the air, his eyes were shut, as if he was sleeping.


Old Man Yan Shi quickly moved forward, using his hands to caress the young man’s body, from his thigh to his chest, and then to his face.


Old Man Yan Shi could barely hold in his excitement, his fingers that were touching the face were shaking.


He muttered: “Success! I actually succeeded! I replicated Ren Zu’s methods and used a dream realm to create a completely new extreme physique.”




“This is a historical moment! Hahaha…”


Old Man Yan Shi laughed loudly for a while, before stopping: “You were born from a dream realm, created from nothingness. Since I used the rule path become real Immortal Gu, I will name this, ‘Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique’.”


Saying this, Old Man Yan Shi moved his hand and took out a lump of soul.


This lump of soul was dark like ink, it immediately flew into the body with the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique.


Old Man Yan Shi waited for a moment, but he saw no movement from the body, his frown was getting deeper.


“What’s going on? Why is he not waking up? This shouldn’t be the case?”


He quickly inspected, a moment later, he sighed: “It seems that this body with the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique is truly flawed. The dream path dao marks are very high in quantity, they gained a type of power in the body. Any soul that enters it will fall asleep and lose their memories continuously.”


“What should I do?” Old Man Yan Shi paced around, feeling anxious: “The lifespan of the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body has already started to decrease. Time is limited, I cannot do any detailed research now to solve this problem. What should I do?”


After a long time, the body with the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique slowly opened his mouth, finally awakening.


He was childlike and unlearned, looking at Old Man Yan Shi, then looking around the place, his eyes were wide open and showed a naive expression.


Old Man Yan Shi felt some regret, he tried all sorts of ways and finally awakened the soul within the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body, solving the problem of the sleeping soul. But almost all the memories in the soul were lost.


“But it doesn’t matter. The Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique is a consumable rank nine battle strength, he is the greatest trump card to defend our core. As long as our plan succeeds, so what if the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique has a flaw?”


Thinking of this, Old Man Yan Shi smiled as he sized him up with his black eyes, his tone hardly concealing his happiness: “Good, good, good. Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique, you are the greatest accomplishment of my dream path research! Many of Bo Qing’s Immortal Gu were robbed and his battle strength has fallen. You will replace him, becoming our greatest strength in suppressing the situation.”


“Who are you, who am I?” Ying Wu Xie curiously asked.


“I am you, and you are me. I am Old Man Yan Shi, and you… shall be called Ying Wu Xie.” Old Man Yan Shi chuckled.


He then lightly waved his arm, countless thoughts were transferred into Ying Wu Xie’s mind.


Ying Wu Xie felt a wave of information entering his mind.


Old Man Yan Shi said: “Remember, you only have eighteen hours of lifespan. Every two hours, your cultivation level will rise by one rank. Time is limited, I can only impart an immortal killer move to you. Although it doesn’t have any killing power, it is the pinnacle of dream path achievement currently in the five regions, at the forefront of this era. Even those Heavenly Court Gu Immortals are far behind. As the saying goes: ‘When you have the skill, you can eat your fill’! Learn it properly, when you become a Gu Immortal, I will give you a complete set of Gu worms for you to speed up your practice at that time!”


Southern Border, Yi Tian Mountain.


Fang Yuan, who was recuperating on his bed, shook as he opened his eyes suddenly.


In his eyes, joy flashed across slightly before they went back to being emotionless.


Around him, there were many injured members lying down and talking. Some healing Gu Masters were moving the injured members around, some were healing, while others were checking if injuries of patients were becoming worse.


The air was filled with a bloody smell, it lingered in the nose and did not fade.


After the seventh righteous demonic battle, Yi Tian Village’s medical ward was full of injured people. Right now, both sides were recuperating, healing from their losses and regaining their strength.


Thus, the number of members in the medical ward was decreasing.


Most of them were healed and left. Some could not be treated and died here.


People were happy to live and hated to die, this medical ward became a place avoided by the demonic path Gu Masters.


But Fang Yuan did not mind it.


He pretended to be wounded and severely injured. Familiar face could deceive rank eight Gu Immortals, not to mention these mortal Gu Masters on Yi Tian Mountain.


Fang Yuan found that this was the place which was most suitable to refine the Immortal Gu House’s battle will.


Only here could he lay back, openly and calmly refining battle will almost unceasingly.


Even though there were many people moving around, none of them could threaten a Gu Immortal like Fang Yuan.


Fang Yuan’s strategy finally paid off earlier.


“After spending so much time, I have finally finished converting Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage’s battle will. Now, I have to get rid of the other Gu Immortals’ battle will and become its owner!”


Fang Yuan breathed in deeply, he did not hesitate, he took action immediately.


Inside the Immortal Gu House, his battle will whipped up a storm, engulfing other battle wills easily.


The battle wills of these Southern Border Gu Immortals were all operating independently and caught unprepared, they could not react before they were all wiped out by Fang Yuan.


At once, Fang Yuan caused a huge commotion.


The Southern Border Gu Immortals were furious and shocked, some screamed while others flew out, some were staring blankly from disbelief!


They communicated and realized that someone did not participate in the gambling contest, they secretly refined battle will and fooled all of the Southern Border Gu Immortals.


The Southern Border Gu Immortals felt immense anger and hatred, a sea would not be able to douse their fury.


All of their hard work had been for nothing.


They had been scheming against others, but now, it was all like a joke!


“Who is it? You dared to toy with us!”


“Find them and kill them! They have openly challenged our Southern Border Gu Immortal world!!”


“Not only will I kill them, I will tear their skin and pull out their tendons, I will extract their soul and torture them for a thousand years!”


The Southern Border Gu Immortals had surging auras as they encircled Yi Tian Mountain.


They could no longer bother with hiding their traces, countless auras burst into the sky, engulfing the entirety of Yi Tian Mountain.


The righteous and demonic path Gu Masters were stunned.


“What, what, what is going on?”


“Immortals, are they immortals?!”


“Such strong auras, they must be the legendary Gu Immortals. To think that I could have an opportunity to meet them in my life.”


“So many immortals, is this the plot of the righteous (demonic) path?”


The two factions of Gu Masters fell into chaos, a commotion ensued in their corresponding groups.


“It is useless, this is the forbidden zone, none of you have the immortal aperture sealing method, how can you come in?” Fang Yuan snickered in his mind.


But on the surface, he showed a fearful expression, similar to everyone around him.


This was a crucial moment, Fang Yuan would, of course, not be careless.


The forbidden zone could prevent Gu Immortals from entering, but it only targeted the immortal aperture, not their Immortal Gu. This meant that Gu Immortals could attack Yi Tian Mountain from afar.


“Who is it? Come out!”


“You have the guts to steal from us, but no guts to admit it?”


The Gu Immortals were furious and anxious, they screamed like the rumbling of thunder, shaking the world.


Even Yi Tian Mountain was shaking under their voices, not to mention the mortal Gu Masters. Including the rank five Gu Masters, all of them had pale expressions and were shivering in fear.


Fang Yuan concealed himself and did not expose any flaws.


After getting rid of the other battle wills, he manipulated the battle will and started to take over Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage.


This process needed some time.


But Fang Yuan was not worried about the Southern Border Gu Immortals attacking without any reservations.


For righteous path Gu Immortals, they needed to defend their reputations, they would not conduct a massacre here. For demonic path Gu Immortals, some had placed their Immortal Gu with their mortal pawns, similar to how Xiao clan’s ancestor had left Immortal Gu on Xiao Shan.


Immortal Gu were very fragile, Fang Yuan’s Spring Autumn Cicada could be crushed by a child.


If they attacked without holding back, these Immortal Gu would likely be destroyed.


As for some lone immortals like Old Man Yue Xia, his treasured disciple Lu Zuan Feng was on Yi Tian Mountain, how could he attack?


More and more Gu worms came under Fang Yuan’s control.


Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage’s secret was finally exposed to Fang Yuan.


“So this Immortal Gu House is a time path Immortal Gu House, it uses the power of time path to seal any attacks aimed at it, before sending them back! An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth, this is an incredible idea!”


Fang Yuan continuously praised in his mind.




