Chapter 1004: Deep Underlying Schemes, Great Danger


Fang Yuan repelled Sacred Feather City, he did not know that immortal zombie Bo Qing was inside manipulating it.


Using this opportunity, Fang Yuan maneuvered Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage, turning around in the sky and crashing towards Yi Tian Mountain again.


Along the way, tribulations rained down and hit Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage, causing loud crackling sounds.


Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage defended as it charged down relentlessly, it could protect itself from the tribulations.


At this moment, Yi Tian Mountain had already collapsed, turning into a ruin. Yi Tian Mountain’s demonic path Gu Masters were all heavily injured or dead. Corpses were everywhere, it was a terrible sight.


Fang Yuan took a glance and then stopped looking at these lowly mortals.


His eyes were shining with cold light, at this point, he was still unwilling to give up.


The earlier suppression failed, but Fang Yuan still had a chance.


“Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie, you are mine! Hmm?” Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage was about to charge down again, when a second Immortal Gu House blocked Fang Yuan’s path.


This Immortal Gu House was entirely black, it gave off a metallic luster.


It was also in the form of a fortress.




But it was not as grand as Sacred Feather City, it was a battle fort that was forged with steel.


To compare them, Sacred Feather City was like a gentlemanly prince, while this Immortal Gu House was a warrior clad in steel armor.


Fang Yuan’s eyes shined with bright light, he gritted his teeth and charged down again.


He had to race against time.


The more time the rank eight Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie had, the more he could recover to a better state.


Boom!


With a huge sound that could burst eardrums, the two Immortal Gu Houses crashed into each other.


A huge shock wave was generated, blasting out in all directions.


The shock waves caused rocks from the mountain to fly away, among them were the corpses of Gu Masters.


The two Immortal Gu Houses were in a deadlock.




Even though Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage had a powerful charge, the iron fortress-like Immortal Gu House could barely hold it off.


Both sides were contesting.


The iron fortress Immortal Gu House was slowly pushed back, but Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage was losing its momentum.


“Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage is a rank seven Immortal Gu House, this other Immortal Gu House is likely also rank seven, specialized in defense.” Fang Yuan had a realization.


He sighed, knowing that he had lost his opportunity.


He had tried hard, but because of obstructions, he did not succeed.


This amount of time was enough for the rank eight Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie to break free from the force of Fang Yuan’s suppression and recover.


Fang Yuan’s attempt failed, he immediately tried to retreat, leaving this troublesome place.


Turning around, Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage flew into the sky.


Fang Yuan did not fly directly upwards, he crashed towards the southeast direction.


The third and fourth Immortal Gu Houses appeared consecutively.


These two Immortal Gu Houses were small, one was filled with blood-red light, in the shape of a chariot. The other was dark and eerie, it was an old castle with grey tiles and white walls.


Four Immortal Gu Houses trapped Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage, which Fang Yuan was controlling.


Fang Yuan charged in all directions, but he was obstructed by the four Immortal Gu Houses, he could not gather enough force to charge out of the ten extreme immortal zombie lifeless formation.


Inside Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage, Fang Yuan’s expression was dark.


He did not expect Shadow Sect to make such a huge move.


An Immortal Gu House was already very rare. Shadow Sect actually took out four Immortal Gu Houses, what were they trying to do by being so relentless?


Even though the situation was not in his favor, Fang Yuan was still calm.


The enemy might be strong, but it was not a desperate situation yet, because one party had not joined the fight yet.


Fang Yuan looked into the sky from time to time, he was waiting.


Would Heavenly Court fail to deduce that Shadow Sect was attacking early? Even if they failed, by this time, they should have arrived.


When Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals attack, the situation would be chaotic, Fang Yuan would be able to take advantage of the confusion.


“But Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals, why are they not attacking yet?” Fang Yuan thought as he reduced Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage’s power purposely.


The Immortal Gu House that was shining with bright red light turned from brilliant to faint.


At once, the situation changed.


Fang Yuan’s Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage was suppressed by four Immortal Gu Houses.


Inside Heaven Overseeing Tower, Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord’s eyes were shining with white light that gradually faded.


He used Heaven Overseeing Tower earlier to make a deduction, it had just ended.


He smiled coldly: “The person inside Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage is an otherworldly demon. His name is Gu Yue Fang Yuan, the destruction of Imperial Court blessed land and the collapse of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building had been done by him! This person seems to have some sort of relationship with Red Lotus Demon Venerable and Spectral Soul Demon Venerable. Don’t think that he is being suppressed in this current scenario, he is just acting so that we will strike.”


“Oh? Then, are Fang Yuan and Shadow Sect allies or enemies? Is their intense battle just an act?” Lian Jiu Sheng asked in confusion.


Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord waved his hand: “I am not interested in Fang Yuan and Shadow Sect’s relationship, it is not important. Since he wants to lure us to attack, let’s do it. The ten extreme immortal zombie lifeless formation is part of the enemy’s crucial plan. I have already deduced that they have obtained that final key immortal zombie. Everyone, come with me, activate Heaven Overseeing Tower and destroy the formation, ruin the enemy’s scheme!”


Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord called out and everyone responded, they were full of intent to fight.


The Heavenly Court Gu Immortals around him all had stern expressions, they attacked together.


A beam of light shot towards the ten extreme formation.


“I wanted to use Fang Yuan to prevent the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals from attacking, so as to stall for time. It seems that such a shallow scheme cannot deceive these Heavenly Court members. Attack!” Envoy Blue, or Seven Star Child ordered as he thought over Shadow Sect’s situation.


“Good, Heavenly Court is attacking.” Fang Yuan was just starting to feel joy when he saw three more Immortal Gu Houses emerging!


One was a pavilion with red bricks and green tiles. One was a manor with white traces flying around. One was an altar with shiny golden lights.


The three Immortal Gu Houses worked together to resist the attack from Heaven Overseeing Tower.


“…” Fang Yuan did not know what to say.


Since when did Immortal Gu Houses become so commonplace? They were emerging one after another, what were they planning to do?


Fang Yuan’s sense of unease was growing.


He had thought that the mysteries behind the battle of Yi Tian Mountain were as deep as a lake. But to think that this place was as deep as an ocean!


The hidden details simply ran too deeply.


In the five hundred years of his previous life, during the five regions chaotic war, a battle of such a scale numbered to less than five!


“Good, good, good. Sacred Feather City, Unbreakable Iron Fortress, Blood River Chariot, Nightmare Castle, Green Wave Pavilion, Weaving Cocoon Manor, Golden Altar… seven Immortal Gu Houses were forced out by my one move.” From inside Heaven Overseeing Tower, Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord’s voice could be heard.


He exposed the names of Shadow Sect’s Immortal Gu House, his voice was loud as thunder, it could be heard over the surrounding thousands of li.


“Now then, we will let you see the might of Heaven Overseeing Tower!”


Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord shouted as the heavens shook.


Rank nine Immortal Gu House, Heaven Overseeing Tower, activated fully.


There was no warning.


The sky turned white!


The world turned white!


Even Fang Yuan, who was inside Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage, at this moment, could only see white.


Light was everywhere.


White light.


It filled the entire world, all the space in this world was filled with white light.


The light seemed harmless, Fang Yuan did not even feel a sense of danger.


“This… what sort of attack…” When the white light faded, Fang Yuan regained his senses slowly.


Taking a look, his body shook.


In the sky, debris of these Immortal Gu Houses was falling down.


The falling debris turned back into countless Gu worms as they fell.


Not a single Gu worm survived.


The corpses of these Gu worms fell in the air, scattering everywhere.


The most mysterious thing was, from the outside, these dead Gu worms did not have any injuries, but they had lost all traces of life.


The three Immortal Gu Houses closest to Heaven Overseeing Tower, Green Wave Pavilion, Weaving Cocoon Manor, and Golden Altar had broken apart. The remaining Immortal Gu Houses were also heavily damaged.


But overall, Fang Yuan’s Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage had suffered the least damage.


“Did Heavenly Court spare me?” Fang Yuan had a thought but he quickly denied it.


“Hmph! Otherworldly demon…” Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord gave Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage a look as he directed his attention towards the ten extreme immortal zombie lifeless formation.


The move earlier had activated fate Immortal Gu, creating an incredibly strong attack.


This was an attack that carried the power of fate.


Fate was predestined.


If one is not fated, no matter how hard they work, they will not achieve anything.


If fate decrees that you fail, you will fail.


This was an unavoidable attack.


It could have destroyed the ten extreme formation, but these three Immortal Gu Houses sacrificed themselves and endured the attack.


In contrast, from the ten extreme immortal zombie lifeless formation, Ying Wu Xie had flown out, his spot was taken over by the rank eight Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie.


“After being suppressed for so many years, I face such a great enemy upon escaping. Hahaha, I like it!” The rank eight Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie raised his head and laughed.


He pointed at Heaven Overseeing Tower, shouting: “Scoundrels from Heavenly Court, come! Celebrate my resurrection!”


The fully completed ten extreme immortal zombie lifeless formation activated!


Dark clouds formed, covering the entire battlefield, spreading out endlessly at a rapid speed.


All ten of the extreme immortal zombies were hidden in the dark clouds, their traces were gone.


Countless immortal apertures were drawn out by the mystical power of the formation, they resembled starlight.


These immortal apertures were left behind after the Southern Border Gu Immortals died.


The immortal apertures went into the deep part of the dark clouds and gathered.


Countless Gu worms, both Immortal and mortal, were flying about inside the dark clouds.


At this point, Fang Yuan finally understood something: “So this ten extreme immortal zombie lifeless formation is actually a refinement path Gu formation! What is Shadow Sect trying to refine? They actually used the Southern Border Gu Immortals’ immortal apertures as the refinement materials?!”


Such a method was simply unheard of.


The high and mighty Gu Immortals were like ants now, casually killed and used to refine Gu.


Even Fang Yuan, with his five hundred years of experience, had never seen something like this.


Shadow Sect, a mysterious force hidden in the depths of history, its true motive and plan that had been ongoing for countless years was finally going to show itself!




