Chapter 101: Already Aged


With his abilities, Dong Tu could easily find Fang Yuan’s residence.


He wore his Gu Master’s uniform, a rare sight for him. He had leg wrappings on his calves and a red belt around his waist. Everything was neat and clean, and gave off a faint feeling of majesty.


He looked at Fang Yuan as he approached, and his eyes fell on the boy’s belt. Deep emotions emerged in his heart.


Only C grade aptitude, but he has already reached rank two at sixteen, it is truly surprising. I really don’t know how he succeeded. However…it should be mostly due to the Liquor Worm. Pity that it’s useless at rank two.


Following that, he saw the faint smile hanging on Fang Yuan’s mouth.


That smile sent a chill down his spine.


Anger surged through him at once. This kid is acting so calm, does he think he has me cornered?!


Fang Yuan slowly walked over and stopped in front of Dong Tu. He knew the man was definitely here for him.


Sure enough, Dong Tu opened his mouth. “Fang Yuan, I think we can have a talk.”


“What do you want to talk about?” Fang Yuan frowned slightly.


Dong Tu laughed, but immediately changed the subject. “Do you know? I was the same as you. I became a Gu Master when I was fifteen.


“It was right at the time of the wolf tide. There were so many casualties that we, as mere students, had no choice but to fight. I had B grade aptitude; I reached rank two initial stage at sixteen, upper stage at seventeen, and peak stage at eighteen. When I was nineteen, I was already beginning my charge to rank three. At that time, I believed I could be a rank three Gu Master at twenty.


“Hahaha, I was too frivolous. I thought I was above everyone else, that I could accomplish anything, I even thought I was omnipotent. I simply didn’t know the immensity of heaven and earth. It happened when I was twenty. I went out to do a mission and was beaten by a Xiong Village Gu Master. I was on the brink of death, but fortunately, the Medicine Hall Elder personally saved me. But even so, my aptitude dropped to C grade. I couldn’t recover from the shock for eight whole years.


“On my twenty-ninth birthday, I reexamined myself and this world. I discovered that a single person’s strength was limited. So what if I hadn’t been injured and broke through to rank three? To live in this society, the most important thing is not individual strength, but connections with others.


“I began my life anew when I was thirty. I retired from the front lines when I was forty-five. A hundred Gu Masters jointly petitioned to elect me as an elder dozens of times, even though I was only rank two peak stage. I couldn’t take that final step, but there was also no need. I had already achieved success. Today, I am known as the ‘Hidden Elder’. Most of my peers have already passed away, but my life has been smooth sailing. I still have influence on many Gu Masters.”


After his long speech, Dong Tu returned to the main topic. He looked at Fang Yuan, smiling. “Fang Yuan, you are too young and inexperienced, just like I was back then. Believing you can accomplish anything and finish everything by yourself. Hehe.”


Dong Tu shook his head and continued. “But when you gain more experience, you will understand that humans are social animals, not lone beasts. Sometimes we need to lower our heads and take a step back. Being arrogant and extreme will only bring isolation and destruction. I believe you have already felt it; no group will take you and everyone is ostracizing you. Even if you receive the family inheritance mission, what would be the point? As an outcast, you definitely won’t be able to complete it. Give up.”


Fang Yuan indifferently looked at the middle-aged man.


I wonder what expression he would make if he knew that I’ve lived many times longer than he has?


Fang Yuan’s eyes couldn’t help but reveal a trace of a smile at this thought.


Actually, his uncle’s mindset had also been his for many years in his previous life.


Thus, he had created the Bloodwing Demon Sect, relying on rules, systems, and human emotions to create a powerful force. Tens of thousands would come at his beck and call to plunder and fight.


However, when he reached rank six, he saw a whole new world.


Gu Masters up to rank five were mortals, but rank six and above were immortals[1]. When he stood at that height and looked at the world, he suddenly understood: great influence was indeed an enormous help, but at the same time, it was an enormous burden.


No matter which world one found themselves in, there was only one thing that they could truly rely on: themselves.


But humans were weak. They enjoyed the love of family, friendship, and romance, they filled their hearts with these things. They feared loneliness.


When they received setbacks, they would retreat to their groups, complain to their relatives, and share with their friends. They didn’t dare to confront their fears and defeats by themselves. When there was pain, they shared it; when there was something good, they were eager to boast of it.


Dong Tu succeeded? There was no doubt.


He couldn’t walk his original path, so he changed directions and found a new place to belong.


But at the same time, he was also a failure.


He had lowered his head because of one setback. He was no more than a coward, content to flee.


Dong Tu didn’t know of Fang Yuan’s thoughts. Seeing him make no reply, he thought the boy was absorbed in his speech.


“Fang Yuan, I won’t beat around the bush. You are not Fang Zheng. If you give up on inheriting the family assets, you will receive my friendship, and you can use all my connections. I will also give you a thousand primeval stones. I know you are hard-pressed for money these days, and you are even two days late on your rent, right?”


Fang Yuan smiled indifferently. “Uncle, you don’t wear these clothes often, right?”


Dong Tu was taken aback. He hadn’t expected the question.


Fang Yuan was indeed correct, he had been retired for a long time, and his uniform was usually kept deep in storage. He had chosen to wear it for this meeting to put forth a strong and persuasive image.


Fang Yuan sighed as he looked Dong Tu’s clothes up and down. “A Gu Master’s uniform isn’t so clean and neat. It should be covered in blood, sweat, and dirt; it should be torn and patched. That is the smell of a Gu Master.


“You are old, Uncle. The great ambitions and aspirations of your youth have already disappeared. In recent years, you have lived an easy life, and it has corrupted your heart. You are vying for the family assets, not to cultivate, but to maintain your rich life. With such a mentality, how can you obstruct me?”


Dong Tu’s face instantly turned ashen as anger surged through him.


There was always a group of “old people”. They touted their experience, they scorned the dreams of others as illusions, they considered the passions of others as frivolous, they treated the persistence of others as arrogance. They affirmed themselves by lecturing those who came after them.


No doubt Dong Tu was such a person.


He wanted to educate Fang Yuan, but he never expected that Fang Yuan would not only ignore him, but lecture him back instead!


“Fang Yuan!” Dong Tu shouted, “I came here with good intentions to guide and persuade you as your elder, and this is how you respond? Ungrateful wretch! Hmph, since you want to go against me, then so be it. I am not afraid to tell you that I already know the contents of your family inheritance mission. Young people don’t know the immensity of heaven and earth. Haha, I really want to see how you will complete this mission!”


Fang Yuan’s expression shifted into a mocking smile. There was no need to conceal it at this point. They could no longer reconcile, so there was no harm in enjoying the look on Dong Tu’s face in a few moments.


He took out the waterskin and opened it; the unique fragrance of honey wine floated out.


“What do you think is in here?” he asked.


Dong Tu turned pale with fright, his heart falling into the abyss.


“How can this be? Where did you get this honey wine?!” he roared, stunned.


Fang Yuan ignored him. He closed the cap, put the waterskin back, and walked towards the Internal Affairs Hall.


Dong Tu broke out into a cold sweat, his mind racing.


Where did he get the honey wine? I already made sure that as long as he looked for assistance, I would be informed immediately. Could he have done it alone? No, that’s not possible, he doesn’t have a defensive Gu worm. Someone definitely helped him. No! The point now is not finding the reason. He already has the honey wine, he is going to turn in the mission!


Dong Tu was already panicking. There was no sign of the calm and collected man from moments ago.


He gave chase. “Fang Yuan, wait, everything can be discussed.”


Fang Yuan ignored him and continued to walk. Dong Tu could only follow beside him.


“If a thousand primeval stones won’t do, then how about two thousand, no, two thousand five hundred?”


Fang Yuan continued ignoring him. Instead, his expectations towards his inheritance grew. From his uncle’s behavior, it seemed the assets were quite good.


Dong Tu was sweating as he saw Fang Yuan was not moved. His face twisted in anger as he threatened, “Fang Yuan, think this through clearly! What will happen if you offend me? Hmph, don’t blame me for being cold-hearted if you lose an arm or leg in the future.”


Fang Yuan laughed.


His uncle was truly pathetic. He was bound by rules and regulations; the waterskin was clearly within his reach, but he didn’t dare to take it. If he wasn’t bold enough to do that, how could he win the fight for the assets?


Riches and danger went together. No matter which world you were in, if you wanted to obtain something, you needed to pay the price.


“Fang Yuan, you think everything will just turn out well after you get the inheritance?! You are too young, you don’t have a clue about society and its dangers!” Dong Tu snarled in Fang Yuan’s ear.


Fang Yuan shook his head and ignored him as he stepped into the Internal Affairs Hall before his uncle’s glaring eyes.


In reality, he did not hate his uncle.


He had seen a lot of people like him and understood them well.


If Fang Yuan had enough primeval stones to support his cultivation, he wouldn’t even fight for the inheritance. But what good would leaving these assets to his uncle do?


For what reason was he reborn?


It was not for his time in Gu Yue Village, but to step to the highest peak. As long as such people didn’t interfere with his goals and only raged from the side, Fang Yuan would disdain even to step on them.


But unfortunately, his uncle had obstructed his path.


Since it was so, then he would trample this obstacle and move forward.


“Fang Yuan! Fang Yuan…” Dong Tu watched as Fang Yuan stepped into the Internal Affairs Hall. His whole body shook, and the veins on his forehead were bulging.


The light of the setting sun fell on his hair, which had already grown white.


He was indeed old.


When he sustained that injury at the age of twenty, he had already aged.


* * *


[1]. 仙 (xian) – “immortal” or “celestial being”. In this and other books in the xianxia (“immortal heroes”) genre, it refers to a higher or transcendent state of existence, without necessarily including connotations of longevity or eternal life.


