Chapter 1011: Spectral Soul? Spectral Soul!


The immortals present could not believe their own eyes!


Zither mind tribulation, star flow tribulation, these two grand tribulations were easily stopped by Spectral Soul, it was as easy as drinking water.


“This, this is the might of a rank nine demon venerable?” Fang Yuan’s heart shook.


Spectral Soul was already dead, what was present now was merely his soul.


This gigantic soul was already beyond normal form.


He was thousands of meters tall, like an imposing giant! The dark clouds that the ten extreme immortal zombie lifeless formation created merely reached the height of his waist.


Fang Yuan and the others were in the air, resembling flies. Looking at Spectral Soul’s leg, it resembled a giant mountain peak.


Spectral Soul’s chest had reached the clouds, he was as tall as the sky!


He had three heads.


The front head had dragon horns, a lion’s mane, snake eyes, and elephant tusks.


The left head had a peach-colored forehead, hair like grass, and three flower-like eyes.




The right head had a fringe of clouds, eyes resembling lightning, ears like fire, and a golden mouth.


He had a thousand arms, five hundred on each side. They were dark like ink, his muscles were bulging with firm lines, oozing with demonic aura.


He also had a thousand ghostly hands, earlier, Heavenly Court had spent huge effort to use Embroidered Tower to immobilize a ghostly hand to the ground, but that was merely one out of a thousand!


“Ah! This appearance, this appearance! Don’t tell me? Impossible! Impossible!” Fairy Li Shan had recognized Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, she screamed in disbelief. Her arms were covering her head, she shook her head as she retreated, she lost all the grace that a rank seven Gu Immortal had.


Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s appearance was not a secret, it was widely spread in the Gu Immortal world, even in the mortal world it was well known.


Especially in Southern Border, many villages and countless mortals had a culture of revering Spectral Soul Demon Venerable. The people used clay to create a statue of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, and would pray to it during festivals and offerings.


Hei Lou Lan’s pupils shrunk to pin size, she was so shocked she could not speak, her entire body was shivering.


Gulp, Tai Bai Yun Sheng swallowed his saliva, his body was covered in cold sweat.


Fang Yuan showed a moved expression full of anticipation.


His shock from earlier had vanished.




“This… is the limit of soul path? The soul turns from phantom to solid, it can interfere with the material world, it is as condensed as a physical body, and is unbelievably powerful! Such a soul foundation definitely surpasses a hundred million man soul. My soul compared to it, is like an ant versus the moon…”


“But even the powerful Spectral Soul Demon Venerable died in the end, his soul returning to the door of life and death. Now that he has broken out, defying heaven and fate, what is he trying to do?”


“When can I reach such a level as well? But even at this level, he cannot avoid death. I pursue eternal life… does it truly exist?”


Fang Yuan’s eyes shined with bright light, at this moment, he felt greatly excited.


Even as an immortal zombie, he could feel a sensation of hot-bloodedness!


One could learn from examples set by capable people.


Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was a predecessor who was undeniably a forerunner of Gu cultivation.


Even Fang Yuan, who had five hundred years of experience, was small like a fly when he was facing Spectral Soul Demon Venerable!


But Fang Yuan’s fear had gone away entirely.


He felt deep excitement, it was feverish!


Like a person who aspires to climb the highest mountain seeing an immeasurably tall peak, even if that was not the goal, he still feel deeply motivated and wanted to climb up, to surpass it!


Fang Yuan had long since forgotten about death.


If he died on the path of ascension, even if his corpse was desecrated and his soul was utterly destroyed, so what?


This was the goal that he pursued!


Bam!!


At this moment, Heaven Overseeing Tower burst out with a grand light, it shattered Spectral Soul’s ghostly hand and regained freedom.


It was a rank nine Immortal Gu House after all.


Inside the tower, the atmosphere was extremely heavy.


Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals bit their lips, seeing this overwhelming giant, they felt great pressure in their hearts.


“As expected of Spectral Soul, such vast demonic might, it is simply terrifying!” Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord laughed loudly, the aura in his body rose as his silvery hair swayed, his sleeves were fluttering like a war banner.


His fighting spirit soon spread to the other Heavenly Court Gu Immortals.


The immortals’ eyes burned with passion.


“Heaven’s will cannot be defied!”


“Heaven cannot be defied!”


“Even if you are Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, who had once slaughtered the world and caused endless bloodshed.”


“Your era is over!”


“Even if we die today, we will protect the Great Dao of heaven!!”


“Come, activate Heaven Overseeing Tower.”


The immortals had firm determination, Heaven Overseeing Tower shined with an unprecedented dazzling light.


Spectral Soul’s left head looked at it as it growled, several hands were moving around.


The entirety of Spectral Soul moved with a speed disproportionate to its size. In an instant, several hands grabbed Heaven Overseeing Tower tightly.


More and more ghostly hands emerged, overlapping over one another, surrounding Heaven Overseeing Tower in the center.


Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals were unrelenting, Heaven Overseeing Tower’s light shone through the crevices of the ghostly hands’ fingers, shooting out light that resembled sharp blades.


More than ten ghostly hands had layered together, but they shook vaguely.


Spectral Soul, after getting to this point, actually ignored Heaven Overseeing Tower, the three heads looked towards the sky, having grim expressions.


Even though he was several thousand meters tall, the sky was taller, it was still above his head.


As if angered by Spectral Soul’s arrogance, the deepest part of the sky was conjuring the strongest thunderstorm it could muster.


An apocalyptic feeling engulfed the immortals.


“This… is no longer a grand tribulation.”


“This is a myriad tribulation! Apocalyptic myriad tribulation!”


Shadow Sect’s Gu Immortals were lost for words.


Beyond grand tribulations, there were myriad tribulations.


Myriad tribulations were terrifying, if a rank eight Gu Immortal passed all three, they would become a rank nine venerable!


Heaven was enraged, it knew that grand tribulations were useless against Spectral Soul, thus, it conjured a myriad tribulation.


Myriad tribulation — Wind Lightning Prison!


Fast! Fast! Fast!


The myriad tribulation descended faster than any Gu Immortal’s expectations.


Countless lightning bolts descended from the sky, countless tornadoes coiled around Spectral Soul’s body like pythons and dragons.


Spectral Soul’s three heads roared at the sky angrily. His six eyes shot out blood-red light that was oozing with killing intent, it had an intimidating aura.


A thousand arms moved together, ghostly hands tore the tornadoes apart while his hill-like fists punched against the lightning bolts in the sky.


Hei Lou Lan and the others could not speak anymore.


The scene in front of them was like the reenactment of a legendary tale.


The myriad tribulation was targeting Spectral Soul and the ten extreme formation. Fang Yuan and the others were inside the formation, they were rather safe.


“This myriad tribulation’s power is much higher than ordinary ones!”


“Our main body can endure it.”


“The ten extreme formation?”


“It has been refined by sixty percent already.”


“Only sixty percent… the following tribulations will become more terrifying.”


Saying this, Shadow Sect’s Gu Immortals became silent.


Their real archenemy was not Heavenly Court or Fang Yuan, it was heaven!


If they were in their complete state, Shadow Sect’s group was confident. But because of Heavenly Court and Fang Yuan, they were in an incomplete state, in fact, the ten extreme formation had almost been about to break earlier, they only salvaged it by sacrificing Zombie Alliance.


“Sacred Feather City is lost, and our main body has appeared, we serve little purpose now.”


“That’s right, we should sacrifice ourselves to the ten extreme formation and save some time, that is the best way.”


“Then, what about those people?”


“Leave them to us.” Ying Wu Xie spoke this as he looked at Bo Qing.


The later tribulations would be more powerful. Shadow Sect’s Gu Immortals had little use in resisting the tribulations. They might as well use themselves to accelerate the refinement of the formation.


The true identity of these Shadow Sect Gu Immortals was that they were Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s split souls.


Precisely because of this, Shadow Sect could remain mysterious and hide in the background, developing for so many years without exposing themselves.


This was also why Shadow Sect’s Gu Immortals disregarded death, they were united and did not care about sacrifice.


This huge force was simply a one man show by Spectral Soul Demon Venerable!


After discussion, Shadow Sect’s Gu Immortals, including Seven Star Child and Song Zi Xing, made the same choice as Old Man Yan Shi, they entered the formation and sacrificed themselves.


Only two people were left.


One was Ying Wu Xie, he had the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique, his cultivation level also rose as time passed. At the last moments of his life, he would fully become rank nine, he was the final trump card of Spectral Soul.


The other was immortal zombie Bo Qing, he had also been one of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s split souls, but right now, he was only Bo Qing’s immortal zombie body, the remnant soul inside was not Bo Qing but Mo Yao.


Mo Yao’s remnant soul would not help in the formation even if she went in, she could only be refined as immortal material. This was not worth it, thus she stayed behind.


Currently, Spectral Soul was controlling the situation, resisting the myriad tribulation while suppressing Heaven Overseeing Tower.


Immortal zombie Bo Qing and Ying Wu Xie had no more worries, they charged towards Fang Yuan and the others.


Fang Yuan and the others were not their match, they quickly retreated.


But being encircled by the formation, and with space path methods sealed, where could they run to?


Bo Qing waved his hand and sword light flew out, chopping off Fairy Li Shan’s head as blood spewed out of her neck.


The Sword Immortal’s strength could not be resisted.


Man as Before!


At the crucial moment, Tai Bai Yun Sheng activated man as before Immortal Gu.


Fairy Li Shan returned to her former state, touching her neck, her eyes were filled with fear.


Immortal zombie Bo Qing’s arms were behind his back, he laughed arrogantly: “Merely a rank six time path Immortal Gu, how can it stop me?”


As he said this, Fairy Li Shan’s eyes widened as sword qi burst out of her body, turning her into a pile of mushy flesh.


“Little aunt!” Hei Lou Lan cried out in pain, her eyes were bright red as she charged towards Bo Qing.


Ying Wu Xie blocked Fang Yuan.


He stared at Fang Yuan intently: “Fang Yuan, you were actually able to leave my dream realm, very interesting. Then, with my rank eight cultivation level, I want to see if you can escape from it again!”


“You know my name?” Fang Yuan growled, feeling something amiss.


“Hehehe, you are an otherworldly demon, you are still useful to Shadow Sect, I will spare your life. Don’t think of using Spring Autumn Cicada, this rank six Immortal Gu has already been deduced by Old Man Yan Shi. In its current state, it cannot be used, isn’t that right?” Ying Wu Xie was confident of victory, he approached with a smile.


“What?!” Fang Yuan’s entire body shook.




