Chapter 102: Spring Comes After the Winter Winds


Fang Yuan arrived at the Internal Affairs Hall and turned in the golden honey wine.

The middle-aged male Gu Master in charge was very surprised. The movement of his pen paused as he asked, “You completed the asset mission already?”

“What do you think?” Fang Yuan retorted.

The middle-aged Gu Master frowned. This was a mission he chose specifically to make life difficult for Fang Yuan. To think he completed it so quickly!

His eyes sharpened as he looked at Fang Yuan. “Young man, answer whatever I ask you. If you do not reply honestly, it will affect your evaluation. Did you complete this mission alone? We will be investigating this thoroughly.”

“Of course I finished it myself,” Fang Yuan replied.

“Good, I will note that down.” The Gu Master recorded his statement while laughing internally. You’re just a newbie, how could you complete it alone? With such an obviously falsified report, the clan will definitely investigate. You’ll be in trouble then.

Unexpectedly, Fang Yuan continued. “But the situation was a bit peculiar. That day, I only went to scout out the area, but I encountered a bear raiding the beehive. Using it as a distraction, I managed to get the honey wine.”

“What?” His pen stopped again as he raised his head to look at Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan shrugged, smiling. “What, did you think I could accomplish this mission alone under normal circumstances? Honestly, this is all thanks to you for finding this mission for me.”

The middle-aged Gu Master was stunned, a complex and inexplicable feeling rising in his heart. He laughed dryly and continued to write in his book.

Fang Yuan stared at the man calmly, knowing full well that his extremely difficult asset mission was all “thanks” to him. Unfortunately for him, Fang Yuan had already completed the mission; even if the clan investigated, he had already made appropriate arrangements. The man could stall Fang Yuan no longer, even if he handled the matter personally.

This was the downside of being in the system. Your status was a chain that restricted your actions.

“Alright, your mission is complete. You can claim your family inheritance. However, these assets are all in the hands of your aunt and uncle. The Internal Affairs Hall will collect everything from them, so come back in three days,” said the middle-aged man as he finished writing.

Fang Yuan nodded. He knew this rule, but he stared at the man’s report. “According to the clan rules, the Internal Affairs mission record needs to be confirmed by the accomplisher on the spot. Please let me see it.”

The middle-aged man’s expression changed slightly. He had not expected Fang Yuan to be so familiar with the process. He snorted lightly as he handed the report to Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan looked at the record and found no problems. It was a few hundred words ending with the final evaluation: good.

He immediately understood the relationship between Dong Tu and this Gu Master.

This evaluation was completely fair, showing that he did not give up on his principles just because of Dong Tu. The reason he had helped Fang Yuan’s uncle was only because of their friendship and the transaction between them.

It was a “taking money to settle problems for others” type of transaction.

After handing the report back to the middle-aged Gu Master, Fang Yuan left the Internal Affairs Hall.

Outside, Dong Tu was already gone.

Fang Yuan could not help but laugh coldly. Dong Tu’s influence was not enough to affect the Internal Affairs Hall. Even the clan leader would have to go against immense pressure from the clan elder circle and pay a huge price in his political career to influence the hall’s decisions.

There was a saying on Earth: “Those who live in society have to follow its rules.”

The rules of society created a kind of system. Those who followed the rules, no matter who they were, became pawns, and they would naturally restrict each other just by following those rules, even if they didn’t want to.

Unless an individual’s strength reached the point where it could oppose the entire system. Otherwise, joining an organization while retaining one’s freedom was a pointless dream!

Borrowing the power of the system, Fang Yuan had ensured beyond any doubt that he would receive his inheritance.

Whether he was against his uncle or the clan leader himself, they would not pay the political price for interfering with such a small matter.

•••

In the guest hall.

“Brother Dong Tu, there is nothing I can do anymore.” The middle-aged Gu Master sighed as he stood before Fang Yuan’s uncle.

Dong Tu’s face was grim. He remained in his chair, silent.

“Is there really nothing else?” Beside him, Fang Yuan’s aunt asked with equal parts anxiety and indignation.

The middle-aged man shook his head. “It has entered the Internal Affairs Hall’s procedures. It is set in stone, unless one of the two most powerful elders or the clan leader himself interferes. Brother Dong Tu, the Internal Affairs Hall’s inventory list clearly states the inheritance items and amount. Please return them all and don’t make my life difficult.” He took out the list.

The inventory had many line items, from expensive things like real estate to simple objects like tables and chairs. Other than that, there were also the Gu worms that Fang Yuan’s parents had left behind.

After a Gu Master died in battle, their Gu worms would be retrieved as an inheritance for their successor, as per the clan’s policy.

Fang Yuan’s aunt took a look at the list and instantly lost her composure. “Damn it, you cannot do this! This is all ours, OURS! Hubby, say something, think of something. Without these assets, what do we have left? We will even lose half our servants, we cannot afford it!”

Slap!

Dong Tu stood up and struck his wife so hard she fell out of her seat.

“Noisy bitch!” He flew into a rage. “You ignorant wench, the clan rules are there, do you think you can choose not to follow them? You idiot, you moron!” His wife stared blankly at him, nursing her cheek in shock.

“Hmph!” Dong Tu grabbed the inventory list and gritted his teeth as he looked through it.

His eyes went bloodshot. Every word was filled with venom as he said, “Return them! All these things…I will return…NOT ONE THING LESS!!! But…”

The veins on his forehead were bulging, his face twitching as it twisted into a ruthless snarl. “Fang Yuan, I cannot stop the Internal Affairs Hall, but I can deal with you. Don’t think that everything will turn out fine now that you have these assets!”

•••

Three days later, Fang Yuan walked out of the Internal Affairs Hall with a stack of deeds and slave contracts in his hands.

To think this inheritance is so abundant. He was slightly stunned.

Even though he had expected something quite good, it was still far beyond even that.

Over ten mu of farmland, eight family servants, three bamboo buildings, and a wine tavern!

No wonder my uncle did everything he could to stop me. Fang Yuan could understand Dong Tu’s actions.

With such an inheritance, one could live like a king, even in this world.

Ignore the farmland and servants for now. Those three bamboo buildings were property — if he rented them out, the income from those alone were enough to support his current cultivation.

There was also the wine tavern. Note that there were only four places that sold wine in the entire village.

If you converted the inheritance to its equivalent on Earth, it would be like owning several mansions and a hotel, together with several servants.

But this world was much more dangerous than Earth, so real estate inside a safe haven like the village was even more valuable.

It is said that my Fang family, three generations ago, was led by an influential clan elder who left a great inheritance for his descendants. With just the real estate, I can easily afford to nurture seven Gu worms, or even double that number! But that’s not even the best part. The best part is this grass Gu!

There was a Gu lying quietly in Fang Yuan’s palm.

It was dainty and delicate, the emerald roots resembling a ginseng’s beard. The jade-colored stem sprang up from the roots, and along it sprouted nine round leaves like tiny plates.

This was the Nine Leaf Vitality Grass, a rank two healing Gu worm.

If used directly to heal, it was not much different from the Life Breath Grass, a rank one healing Gu.

The true value of the Nine Leaf Vitality Grass lay in its leaves: they could be torn off, and every single one was a Vitality Leaf.

The Vitality Leaf was also a type of grass Gu. It was a rank one expendable Gu that instantly healed its target, disappearing after one use.

It had another flaw: once used to heal someone, further Vitality Leaves would be ineffective on them for the next hour.

But, all in all, it was easy to refine, and its instantaneous healing combined with the ease of feeding it made it the most popular healing method among rank two Gu Masters.

Every group needed a healing Gu Master. But what could a single Gu Master do if multiple people were injured? If the healing Gu Master died or was separated from the group, what would happen to the rest?

Thus, Gu Masters always prepared some healing methods for themselves, and Vitality Leaves were the best method. Every Gu Master that roamed outside the village needed to prepare at least one or two.

Every leaf I tear off will be a Vitality Leaf. If I inject primeval essence into the Nine Leaf Vitality Grass, it will grow new leaves. It can be said that this Gu is a moving goldmine, the most important asset of all, without exception. Having this Nine Leaf Vitality Grass is an avenue of business. In this dangerous world, what Gu Master doesn’t get injured on their missions? They have a perpetual need for Vitality Leaves.

No wonder Dong Tu was known as the “Hidden Elder” even after he retired many years ago; the reason he held so much influence was this Nine Leaf Vitality Grass.

Fang Yuan was enlightened.

Only in this world would clan relationships be strong enough to restrain someone over a matter like this. If this was Earth, my brother and I would have already been killed to protect this fortune. This is not good. They will not let this go easily, they will definitely give me trouble in the future.

But I am now an adult, and have reached rank two. If they want to deal with me within the bounds of the clan rules, they will be highly restricted. Hmph, just show me what you’ve got. Regardless of what you try, I’ll handle it.

Fang Yuan’s eyes gleamed as he walked down the street.

A gust of winter wind blew on his face.

It was still far from spring, but Fang Yuan knew that his “spring” had already come.

