Chapter 1026: Given to Feng Jin Huang


“Master, please speak the secret code.” That timid voice spoke again.


Ying Wu Xie spoke: “Heaven has nine layers.”


That voice continued: “The land has five regions.”


Ying Wu Xie spoke: “Throughout the ages.”


The voice continued: “Ruling over all beings!”


With a loud sound, two knees landed on the ground, and a sobbing voice could be heard: “Shi Nu pays respects to master.”


“Stand up.” Ying Wu Xie laughed, raising his hand as a signal to the kneeling rockman Gu Immortal.


The rockman Gu Immortal kowtowed three times before respectfully standing up.


However, facing Ying Wu Xie, his hands were still dropped, his legs were closed tightly and his body was still in a half-bowing posture, his eyes only gazing at Ying Wu Xie’s feet, not daring to look straight into Ying Wu Xie’s eyes.


The Gu Immortal aura from him was strong, at rank seven level.


Ying Wu Xie used Fixed Immortal Travel, but did not go straight to Hu Immortal blessed land and seize Dang Hun Mountain, instead, he arrived at this secret base of Shadow Sect in Central Continent.




Ying Wu Xie’s soul was a split soul of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.


Previously, his childlike frankness and lack of sophistication were because of the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique erasing the soul’s memories. With his memories erased, Ying Wu Xie was like a newborn, he would naturally have limited shrewdness.


But the battle on the edge of life and death tempered his character, and going through the imparting of Spectral Soul’s will in the Red Lotus true inheritance, Ying Wu Xie’s memories had already recovered to some degree, and was much more mature and steady when handling matters.


He had experienced rebirth and thus already knew Fang Yuan’s arrangements.


Not only could he not use any Gu worms on his body, Fang Yuan’s fake will was in his mind, and slight carelessness would have his thoughts influenced.


He had an extremely large number of Gu worms, as well as a dazzling array of Immortal Gu, but Ying Wu Xie could only use Fixed Immortal Travel.


In such a situation, he naturally would not stupidly run to Hu Immortal blessed land.


Even if he had ways to deceive the land spirit, he still required many Gu worms to put them to use.


If he entered Hu Immortal blessed land without any preparations, he would definitely be found out by the land spirit and that would be truly troublesome.


Thus, Ying Wu Xie used Fixed Immortal Travel to first arrive at this place and make preparations.




“First take me to the underground core.” Ying Wu Xie instructed.


“Yes, master.” Gu Immortal Shi Nu quickly responded.


The two drilled into the ground, going through many twisting dark tunnels and arrived before an underground chamber.


This chamber was extremely large, spanning as far as the eye could see.


The yellowish-brown soil in the chamber was extremely dense and thick, constantly rolling around.


In the periphery of the chamber were layers and layers of Gu formations, for healing, concealing, supporting and other uses.


Ying Wu Xie fixed his eyes upon a spot, vaguely seeing a sphere made of a soul in the center of the soil, sinking and rising.


He observed it for a while, letting out a sigh.


This soul sphere was Bo Qing’s soul.


Back then, Sword Immortal Bo Qing failed in passing his tribulation and was barely saved by Shadow Sect’s split soul ‘Yellow’. Thousands of years had gone by but the injuries to Bo Qing’s soul were instead worsening, not only did it not recover, it was reduced to this soul sphere.


Bo Qing’s soul was struck by the myriad tribulation, water path dao marks lingered around him, constantly generating without pause. Although it was inhibited by the dense earth path dao marks in the underground core, it was temporary relief that could only delay for some time and not cure it.


Even with Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s foundation, they were at a loss on what to do.


However, Shadow Sect had never given up.


To look over this area, Shadow Sect subdued a group of rockmen. After some nurturing, they raised a rockman Gu Immortal.


This rockman Gu Immortal was Shi Nu.


Originally, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable had planned and conspired for tens of thousands of years to refine sovereign immortal fetus Gu. Although Shi Nu was only rank seven, he was also a considerable battle strength.


Unfortunately, when they were about to summon him, an unexpected mishap occurred here.


A wild one-eyed giant ape appeared, Shi Nu had no choice but to come out and fight the giant ape and draw it away.


Back then, Heaven Overseeing Tower had already set the situation, Shadow Sect was already busy dealing with this and thus did not summon Shi Nu.


As such, Gu Immortal Shi Nu had luckily survived.


Actually, there were many unexpected incidents occurring in all aspects related to Shadow Sect.


Apart from Shi Nu, the most clear example was Qin Bai Sheng running into Feng Jiu Ge.


Spectral Soul Demon Venerable wanted to refine sovereign immortal fetus Gu, desiring to go against heaven, heaven’s will would naturally see to stop it. If Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was an otherworldly demon, the situation would be somewhat better. Unfortunately, he was a native of this world and was extremely restricted by heaven’s will.


Shadow Sect’s strength was absolutely not small, and it was spread over five regions.


But because of heaven’s will’s obstruction, they were not able to use all their strength.


After Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was defeated, Shadow Sect dispersed, in particular, their subordinate organization, Zombie Alliance, was completely annihilated. But in the five regions, they still had some remaining arrangements.


Like Gu Immortal Shi Nu.


After half an hour.


“Where is this?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng came out of Ying Wu Xie’s immortal aperture.


“It is not Hu Immortal blessed land?” Hei Lou Lan also came out of Ying Wu Xie’s immortal aperture shortly afterwards.


The two gazed at their surroundings in doubt, they found they were in an underground room.


The arrangement here was extremely crude.


The two used investigative Gu worms and immediately found this underground room was only a small portion of an entire underground maze.


“This is the underground environment of rockmen. So this is below the ground?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng had a slight realization.


Ying Wu Xie nodded: “Right. We have already returned to Central Continent. Right now, we are in Earth Abyss. The rockmen here have already been transferred out. This is a secret base arranged by master.”


“No wonder you put Star Form blessed land in Earth Abyss. So master had already arranged a location in Earth Abyss.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng smiled.


“So Fang Yuan’s second blessed land is also in Earth Abyss.” Ying Wu Xie mentally noted it down.


“Purple Mountain True Monarch?” Hei Lou Lan’s mind shook as she narrowed her eyes, staring at Ying Wu Xie and asking: “Why did you not go directly to Hu Immortal blessed land?”


Ying Wu Xie was already prepared, replying calmly: “It is not that I don’t want to return. But my identity is exposed now, Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals know about me. Although their speed in returning to Central Continent can’t match Fixed Immortal Travel, don’t forget that they have information path methods. They can notify the ten great ancient sects to surround Hu Immortal blessed land, such a simple matter, they definitely have already done it!”


“If we directly return there, we might just be sending ourselves into a trap. So I first moved here to scout for intelligence.”


“Then what did you find out?” Hei Lou Lan asked.


Ying Wu Xie sighed: “It is like I expected, my identity has been exposed, Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects already know that we are the true culprits of the destruction of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building. Hu Immortal blessed land is already surrounded, and they will attack the blessed land any moment now.”


Tai Bai Yun Sheng was greatly shocked: “Dang Hun Mountain is still there, what should we do?”


Tai Bai Yun Sheng knew Fang Yuan had already found a revival method. As such, Hu Immortal blessed land’s value had greatly reduced, what was more important were the cultivation resources in the blessed land. Dang Hun Mountain was extremely important, they had an inexhaustible source of income with it.


Ying Wu Xie sneered: “Hu Immortal blessed land is lost. I will let the ten great ancient sects safeguard the resources inside for a while. Sooner or later, I will take them back. The urgent thing is to make preparations and recover… ahh!”


Ying Wu Xie suddenly stopped speaking, his face revealing a shocked and startled expression.


“What happened?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng quickly asked.


A furious look flashed past Ying Wu Xie’s eyes, before he bitterly smiled and brought out Fixed Immortal Travel’s destroyed body: “I was struck by Shadow Sect’s moves, but forcibly activated Fixed Immortal Travel. Now, it is destroyed!”


“This?!” For a moment, Tai Bai Yun Sheng and Hei Lou Lan both felt deeply regretful.


Fixed Immortal Travel was extremely practical, now that it was dead, the three immortals all felt great loss.


Ying Wu Xie was extremely furious inwardly: “How could Fixed Immortal Travel self-destruct all of a sudden? It seems Fang Yuan left behind some methods. Damn it! He not only schemed against me, he intentionally let me use Fixed Immortal Travel to try to lure me into going to Yi Tian Mountain, moreover, he still left behind this method! Since Fixed Immortal Travel could self-destruct, then the same should also apply to Fang Yuan’s other Gu worms.”


Thinking of this, Ying Wu Xie was immediately unable to stand by.


He now had to think of ways to subdue these Gu worms of Fang Yuan.


Fang Yuan’s arrangement had truly caught him unprepared.


“Special will, it should be the special will! Looks like I need to race against time, I need to borrow Immortal Gu to suppress his Gu worms. I can’t let them self-destruct as well!” Ying Wu Xie screamed internally, unable to conceal his anxiousness on the surface.


Tai Bai Yun Sheng felt something amiss and asked in concern: “Fang Yuan, what’s wrong?”


Ying Wu Xie’s face was very gloomy: “We have huge trouble. I must quickly deal with it, otherwise my other Gu worms will also have the same ending as Fixed Immortal Travel!”


“What! Is there anything I can help you with?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng immediately felt like his heart was burning, he also felt anxious.


“You two rest and recuperate first, you will be led to your rooms by the rockmen in a while. Hmph, I can deal with this situation. After all, master has not only left behind this stronghold, we still have our network!” Ying Wu Xie finished speaking, and then left.


Meanwhile in Central Continent, Tian Ti mountain.


“We have broken through! We have broken through!”


“Hahaha, Hu Immortal blessed land has finally been captured by us.”


“Let me see what benefits this kid Fang Yuan had gotten!”


“Be patient, don’t forget Dang Hun Mountain will be managed in turns by us, the ten great ancient sects.”


Gu Immortals of the ten great ancient sects of Central Continent flocked inside, excitedly storming their way into Hu Immortal blessed land.


Afterwards, it was like their whole bodies were drenched in cold water!


“Empty, how could it be empty!”


“There is nothing here, what’s going on?”


“Where is Dang Hun Mountain? Where did Dang Hun Mountain go?”


Central Continent’s Gu Immortals shouted one after the other.


“You are Lord Feng Jiu Ge?” Hu Immortal land spirit appeared in front of Feng Jiu Ge and looked at him with her large watery eyes.


Feng Jiu Ge was slightly taken aback: “I am.”


“My master instructed me to tell lord that he has already taken everything he needs. As for this blessed land, it shall be given to lord’s daughter, Feng Jin Huang.” Hu Immortal land spirit said openly.


“What? Fang Yuan was faster than us?!”


“Didn’t our combined deductions say he was still in Southern Border?”


“Why did Fang Yuan hand over Hu Immortal blessed land to Feng Jin Huang? Could it be that the two of them…”


“Speaking of it, ever since the Refinement Path Convention, these two have been pretty close. Everyone in the ten sects know of this.”


The Gu Immortals mumbled.


Feng Jiu Ge’s gaze swept past them and these whispers immediately stopped.




