Chapter 103: Great Ambitions, Small World


The wine tavern wasn’t big, but it was in a good location, not far from the eastern gate.

Traffic was greatest at the eastern and northern gates, so the wine tavern’s business was pretty good whether it was day or night.

“Young lord, please take a seat.” An old man bowed to Fang Yuan.

A few waiters with fawning smiles wiped the benches and tables.

Fang Yuan shook his head. Rather than sit, he walked around the tavern, sizing everything up. This is my wine tavern, he thought.

It only had one floor, but there was also an underground wine cellar.

The floor was made up of large black square tiles. There were eight square tables; two were set against the walls and the other six were surrounded by four benches each.

A long dark brown sales counter greeted customers at the entrance. Atop it were brushes, paper, inkstones, and also an abacus. Behind the counter, there was a liquor cabinet with many wines on display. Some of them were in large black pottery jars, while others were in small porcelain bottles.

Fang Yuan walked around as he wished. The old man and waiters didn’t dare to sit, they could only follow close behind.

They were restless, as the news of the landlord changing was too abrupt. The previous landlord, Dong Tu, was cunning as a ghost, strict, and acrimonious; they were under a lot of pressure. But even so, this boy in front of them was actually able to take the wine tavern from Dong Tu’s hands. It suggested many things, some less than pleasant, about their new master. Their eyes contained traces of unease and fear.

Fang Yuan suddenly stopped. “It is good. But this store is a bit small.”

The old man immediately walked forward and bowed as he answered, “Young lord, we put canopies outside every summer and lay tables and benches beneath them. But it is winter now, and the wind is biting cold. No one would sit outside even if we set them up, so we took them down.”

Fang Yuan slightly turned, glancing at the old man. “You are the shopkeeper?”

The old man bowed even lower and spoke even more respectfully. “I would not dare to presume, not at all. Young lord, this wine tavern is yours, the shopkeeper is whoever you wish it to be.”

Fang Yuan nodded and glanced at the waiters. They all seemed to be competent.

If this was Earth, he would be anxious that the shopkeeper and waiters would team up and scheme against him. But in this world, Gu Masters were high and mighty, and killing mortals would only require a thought. Even if his aunt and uncle incited them, these mortals wouldn’t dare to go against him.

“Alright, bring me the accounting books and a pot of tea.” Fang Yuan sat down.

“Yes, young lord.” The shopkeeper and waiters moved hurriedly.

There were sixteen accounting books all together, each made of the Southern Border’s sturdy, light green bamboo paper.

Fang Yuan casually picked up a few books and skimmed through them, occasionally asking some questions.

The shopkeeper gave prompt replies. Soon, his forehead had broken out in sweat.

Fang Yuan had created the Bloodwing Demon Sect and taught countless people in his previous life. He was rich in experience, and his eyes were shrewd. Others might be confused and dazzled when they saw the books, but in his eyes, everything was clear as crystal.

This wine tavern was the second biggest asset after the Nine Leaf Vitality Grass, so naturally he wanted to completely understand it.

There were only a few small problems in the accounting books, which could be attributed to mistakes and negligence. These mortals didn’t dare to be presumptuous.

However, when Fang Yuan turned to the last page, he saw that this month’s income had already been taken by Dong Tu.

“Young lord, the previous landlord personally took it. We didn’t dare to resist,” the shopkeeper said, wiping his forehead. His aged body was already trembling, and his face had become very pale.

Fang Yuan was silent. He put down the accounting books and glanced at the shopkeeper.

The shopkeeper immediately felt as if a mountain was pressing down on him. He was scared witless, falling to his knees.

Seeing the shopkeeper kneeling, the waiters astutely followed suit.

Fang Yuan turned his gaze towards them.

The waiters immediately felt like the world had turned to ice. None of them made a sound.

To these mortals, working at the wine tavern was both stable and safe, the ideal job. They didn’t want to lose it.

Fang Yuan saw that his authority was established and stopped. Going too far could end up being detrimental. He slowly said, “Forget what happened in the past. I saw that your wages are somewhat low. The waiters’ wages will be raised by twenty percent and the shopkeeper’s by forty percent from now on. Work properly and you will get more benefits.”

Fang Yuan stood up and walked to the entrance.

The group of people kneeling on the ground were stunned for a good while before coming back to their senses. All of their eyes brimmed with tears that flowed down their faces.

“Thank you, young lord, for your great kindness!”

“You are compassionate, we will definitely work with all our strength!”

“Young lord, you are our benefactor, please take care.”

Sounds of tearful thanks came from behind him along with the crisp sounds of foreheads striking the tiles as they prostrated themselves.

The carrot and the stick were universal tools, no matter which world a leader found themselves in. Might was the foundation of authority, and under its influence, any small kindness would be magnified a thousandfold.

Favor without force would only grant you the reputation of a good samaritan. But as time passed, people would no longer feel grateful for such kindness, and it would instead result in greed and disaster.

But these are all minor methods of controlling people. They would be highly esteemed on Earth, but in this world, individual strength is the path to true authority. No, even on Earth, strength is first.

Fang Yuan thought of the Scarlet Red Imperial Ancestor.[1]

In his time, he experienced countless hardships and came to a conclusion: political power came from guns!

This was the naked truth: strength was the foundation of any political power. So-called authority was only an accessory to strength.

Actually, it was more than just authority. Wealth and beauty were also derivatives of strength.

Fang Yuan headed towards the three bamboo houses from his inheritance after leaving the wine tavern.

His aunt and uncle had rented them out, and they were practically full.

In this world, having children was highly valued. To the ever-growing population, the space in the village seemed small.

By tradition, the eldest son would inherit the family property. Other sons and daughters would have to rely on their effort. While many used politics to seize a meager share of their family’s assets and worked hard as Gu Masters their whole lives, they still might not save up enough to buy a house in the village.

On one hand, raising Gu was costly, and on the other, the village had limited space, so housing was extremely expensive.

People could naturally build outside the village, but it was not safe. Wild beasts roamed outside and could intrude into their houses. Above all, every time a beast tide occurred, all the houses outside the village would be destroyed.

Expanding the village was the only way to solve this.

But expanding the village came with its own problems. The area the clan needed to defend increased, weakening their resistance against the beast tides. Moreover, it made it more difficult to guard against and search for spies from the other villages.

Gu Yue Village had expanded several times in history, but had been devastated by beast tides. After learning from these lessons, it had arrived at its current equilibrium.

Fang Yuan skimmed through the rental documents and understood the whole picture.

His aunt and uncle had run these three bamboo houses very well. The rents were carefully calculated to maximize profits, so he might as well keep it like that. He found that, while the wine tavern’s earnings were higher, they were not that much more than the rentals.

The overall situation was much better than Fang Yuan’s original expectations.

The day before yesterday, he had been destitute, not having even five primeval stones to his name. But now, all of a sudden, he was one of the richest people in the clan.

Several female tenants staying in the bamboo houses were rank two Gu Masters. After learning Fang Yuan’s identity, their gazes towards him became amorous.

If they could one day marry Fang Yuan, then they would no longer have to rush about facing danger; their lives would be smooth and steady.

That kind of life was what they were pursuing and using all their strength to fight for.

Essentially, if Fang Yuan wanted, he could retire and live a rich life just like his uncle had.

With but a gesture, many women would flock to him.

But that is not what I want. Fang Yuan stood on the second floor of one of the bamboo houses, ignoring the provocative gazes that fell on him. He frowned as he held the railing and looked into the distance.

Far away, the green mountains stretched on without end, resembling a sleeping giant, with the gray-blue sky as his quilt.

When can I roam the endless rivers and boundless earth unhindered?

Amidst the winds of change, dragons and snakes rise from the earth.

When can I look down upon all living things?

Since my rebirth, I have been drifting with the waves like a rootless duckweed. I spared no effort to claim my inheritance; with this, I have become independent and have found my footing. Next, I shall unearth the rest of the Flower Wine Monk’s inheritance and put all my effort into cultivating to rank three, so that I can leave this village and go out into the wide world beyond!

Fire burned in Fang Yuan’s deep black eyes.

Qing Mao Mountain was only one mountain among countless others in the Southern Border. And the Southern Border was only a fraction of this world.

It was too small, too small! How could such a place sustain his lofty ambitions?

Compared to those, his family assets, the subject of so much greed and scheming, were nothing more than dust.

“Big Brother, come down, I need to talk to you.” At some point, Fang Zheng had come to the bamboo house. He looked up at Fang Yuan and shouted.

“Hmm?” Fang Yuan’s train of thought was broken. He looked down at Fang Zheng indifferently.

The brothers’ eyes met in silence…

The younger brother stood below, in the shadow of another house. He faced up, his eyes flickering with light.

The elder brother stood above, bathing in the light of the sun. He looked down, his eyes as dark as night.

Their eyes reflected similar faces.

Fang Yuan wasn’t surprised that his little brother had shown up. Fang Zheng was a weapon to be used by his aunt and uncle to fight for the inheritance.

And yet, so what?

Fang Yuan looked down at Fang Zheng, sighing inwardly. A grade aptitude, but nothing more than a pawn…truly insignificant.

* * *

[1]. A way of referring to Chairman Mao. It is taboo to write his name directly in Chinese texts.

