Chapter 1030: Making Hei Lou Lan Defect


Fang Yuan had a peculiar expression, this was the first time he was hearing about Dog Shit Luck, this strange sounding Immortal Gu.


In the current situation, it was not a big deal to expose Spring Autumn Cicada.


Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals already knew about it, that meant the ten great ancient sects also knew of it, the entire world would basically know of it.


Lang Ya land spirit continued: “It is a pity that this Spring Autumn Cicada is only rank six, if it were the former rank nine Spring Autumn Cicada, you would definitely obtain victory. Since Spring Autumn Cicada is in Ying Wu Xie’s hands, you cannot allow him to use it! But thankfully, I have quite a few time path methods. Spring Autumn Cicada is only rank six and I know who has it, it is quite easy to counter it.”


“Counter Spring Autumn Cicada?” Fang Yuan felt great interest, in fact, this was his biggest worry currently.


Lang Ya land spirit said: “Spring Autumn Cicada is merely rank six, so be it if we do not know who owns it, but since we know, it is easy to deal with. It might be Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s vital Immortal Gu, but so what? There are only invincible Gu Masters, there are no invincible Gu worms. In the entire world, time path is not the strongest, all of the different paths have their strengths. But if we use time path methods, it would be more effective as a counter.”


Fang Yuan heard this and nodded, feeling that Lang Ya land spirit’s words made a lot of sense.


Like just earlier, he used Spring Autumn Cicada to rebirth and was used by Shadow Sect after they deduced it.


This was a classic example of wisdom path countering time path.


Spring Autumn Cicada had its unique ability, but it was not invincible. Man is the spirit of all living beings, Gu are the essence of heaven and earth. The world was balanced, it made sense that Spring Autumn Cicada was countered by other methods.


“Since rebirth, I have been treating Spring Autumn Cicada as my greatest trump card. To think that I would need to deal with it one day.” Fang Yuan sighed internally.




When he was contacting Lang Ya land spirit, at the same time in Central Continent.


Ming Tang valley.


This valley that was bathed in light all year round was famous in Central Continent.


It was under control of Wind Cloud Manor and Heavenly Lotus Sect, two of the ten great ancient sects, it was famous in Central Continent for being among the best places to produce light path Gu worms.


This land of treasures was incredibly rich in light path dao marks, almost every twenty years, there would be wild light path Immortal Gu formed.


Deep in this Ming Tang valley, there was a hidden demonic path Gu Immortal.


Unmoving Mountain — Gong Sun Liang.


Suddenly, he opened his eyes from his deep sleep.


“Oh? Someone is calling me?” He muttered lightly, the suspicious expression on his face faded at once, turning into a serious and solemn expression.


His consciousness entered his immortal aperture as he used a special information path method to communicate.




“Boss, you want to borrow my Immortal Gu?”


On the other end, in a deep part of Earth Abyss, Ying Wu Xie answered: “Yes.”


Gong Sun Liang opened his eyes, without any sleepiness left. He was very hesitant, his gaze was flickering.


He was a demonic path Gu Immortal, he had been chased and suppressed by Central Continent’s righteous path, especially the ten great ancient sects.


He lived like a fugitive, during one of his near-fatal escapes, he fell into a trap and nearly died. At that time, he was saved by a mysterious man.


Gong Sun Liang not only kept his life, under the lead of the mysterious man, he joined a mysterious organization.


This organization was called — Defy.


The members of the organization were identified with numbers, they were very mysterious.


Gong Sun Liang had obtained much help from this organization. If not for that, he would not have been able to escape up until now, without getting caught by the ten great ancient sects.


As time passed, he saw the importance of this organization, and had some guesses towards the motives of this organization.


“This organization’s codename shows the time the person joined, and their status in the organization. Boss is at the top, he is the person who created ‘Defy’. He suddenly wants to borrow my Gu…”


After hesitating for a long time, Gong Sun Liang gritted his teeth and nodded in agreement.


Central Continent, Great Heavenly Sword Sect.


Two sword path Gu Immortals, Miao Jun and Miao Yue, were discussing the matters of their sect.


Suddenly, Miao Jun’s body shook, he received the information that Ying Wu Xie sent.


Facing Ying Wu Xie’s request, Miao Jun was very hesitant, he said to Miao Yue: “The boss contacted me, he wants to borrow our Immortal Gu.”


Miao Yue frowned: “This boss is very mysterious. We have only joined Defy for a short time, we have not heard about the boss’ information. But the moment he contacted us, he wants to borrow Immortal Gu…”


Miao Jun nodded: “We joined Defy because we wanted their help. But earlier, when trying to leave Immortal Crane Sect, they did not provide us any help. And now, they want to borrow Immortal Gu from us, this boss is truly shameless.”


A few years ago, someone in Great Heavenly Sword Sect ascended to immortal.


Thus, this force had three Gu Immortals.


Great Heavenly Sword Sect was a subsidiary force of Immortal Crane Sect, after having three Gu Immortals, they wanted to get rid of their vassal status from Immortal Crane Sect.


Unfortunately, they did not succeed, Immortal Crane Sect’s plan worked and they lured their third Gu Immortal away.


After this matter, Great Heavenly Sword Sect was ‘taken care of’ by Immortal Crane Sect, Miao Jun and Miao Yue’s lives were getting tough.


The two wanted to borrow the strength of ‘Defy’, but their wishes were not granted, thus they were not happy.


As a result, Ying Wu Xie failed to borrow their Gu using his identity as the boss.


Bang!


In Earth Abyss, in a secret room, Ying Wu Xie slammed the table in front of him, smashing it.


“Hmph! Miao Jun, Miao Yue…” Ying Wu Xie gritted his teeth, his expression was dark.


This organization called Defy was created by Shadow Sect.


Central Continent was different from the other four regions, Heavenly Court ruled over it, its subsidiary forces, the ten great ancient sects, split up most of Central Continent’s resources and controlled it tightly.


Below the ten great ancient sects, there were countless forces trying to survive.


People looked up to bigger forces, who would not want to improve? Who would not want to expand their territory and obtain more resources for themselves?


Especially Gu Immortals, they had to face tribulations once in a while. Thus, Gu Immortals were forced to improve, otherwise, they would die from the calamities and tribulations.


It was not so easy to increase one’s strength.


One couldn’t cook a meal without the ingredients, the most important thing was the lack of resources.


But the ten great ancient sects had incredible strength, they occupied most resources. The other forces could not gather enough strength to influence their control.


People with aspirations noticed this and interacted with one another, forming all sorts of alliances.


But these alliances did not last long. Because Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects sowed discord between them, or the members of the alliance went into internal conflicts themselves.


Of course, the fundamental problem was insufficient strength to challenge Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects.


Shadow Sect thus secretly created the organization Defy, selecting the members carefully and getting stronger.


But this was only a casual move. Even the Shadow Sect member who created the organization Defy back then did not have much expectations.


The more members there were, the more inflated the organization was, and the more complex and hard to manage it was.


Furthermore, these members were not otherworldly demons, they were not even fate escapees. They could not be used to resist heaven’s will.


Thus, back then, Spectral Soul’s Gu refinement plan did not involve these people.


If he mobilized them, would they listen? Even if they did, there was a high chance that heaven’s will would make use of them, it was not worth it.


But at this moment, Shadow Sect’s plan failed, they were dealt a huge blow. After rebirth, Ying Wu Xie had to make use of the strength of Defy.


His experience in borrowing Gu was not very successful.


Most Gu Immortals gave lots of excuses.


Immortal Gu were very precious, the identities of the members of Defy were kept secret, they did not know each other, the organization was not strict in enforcement. How difficult would it be to borrow Gu?


Only people like Unmoving Mountain Gong Sun Liang, these demonic path Gu Immortals without any support would need to make use of Defy in order to escape from the pursuit of Central Continent’s righteous path, and avoid deductions.


He could not leave Defy, thus, even if he did not want to, he had to take a risk and lend the Immortal Gu to Ying Wu Xie.


Ying Wu Xie tried for a long time to borrow Gu, while Fang Yuan’s Gu worms were in the processing of self-detonating one by one.


Eventually, even though Ying Wu Xie managed to suppress them, and prevented the Gu worms from continuing to self-detonate, his losses were severe.


“Fang Yuan, good job! You are really resolute in cutting your losses.” In the darkness, Ying Wu Xie had a grim expression: “But only a person with your caliber would be able to obtain sovereign immortal fetus Gu, after all.”


After suppressing Fang Yuan’s Gu worms, Ying Wu Xie used the borrowed Immortal Gu to get rid of Fang Yuan’s fake will in his mind.


Just as he was about to continue and use the Immortal Gu to make Fang Yuan’s Gu worms his, he had a feeling as he noticed Hei Lou Lan’s actions.


Hei Lou Lan was sitting on a rock bed, opening her eyes.


She was frowning, as worry flashed across deeply in her eyes.


In the room, from a corner within the darkness, Ying Wu Xie’s voice could be heard: “Hei Lou Lan, you can stop trying. In this place, it is impossible for you to use connecting heaven Gu to reach treasure yellow heaven.”


Hei Lou Lan’s gaze shined, she was about to speak.


At this moment, Ying Wu Xie continued: “You don’t have to pretend and lie to me. I know you are suspicious of my identity, then I will tell you. That’s right, I am not Fang Yuan, I am Ying Wu Xie.”


Hei Lou Lan’s expression changed.


She was not Tai Bai Yun Sheng, she was not easy to fool.


After ‘Fang Yuan’ woke up, he acted strangely, Hei Lou Lan held back her suspicions because they had to use Fixed Immortal Travel to escape first.


But to think that Ying Wu Xie brought her here.


There was a super Gu formation here, the defenses were tight, actually preventing connecting heaven Gu from use, she could not connect to treasure yellow heaven.


After Hei Lou Lan failed to reach treasure yellow heaven, she realized that Ying Wu Xie’s identity was even more suspicious.


But now, Ying Wu Xie directly told her the truth, Hei Lou Lan did not know how to react.


“You know my identity.” Ying Wu Xie’s voice continued: “I am one of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s split souls, I took over Fang Yuan’s body. You have two choices now, one is to die, the other is to abandon Fang Yuan and join me.”


For Ying Wu Xie, Hei Lou Lan had the Great Strength True Martial Physique, and was someone who escaped fate, she was a high quality pawn.


But if Hei Lou Lan did not know what was good for her, he would kill her with no reservations. He could use Hei Lou Lan’s corpse to revive his current body.


Using the Gu formation here, Ying Wu Xie was completely confident in taking down Hei Lou Lan.




