Chapter 1038: Rushing to Refine Fixed Immortal Trave


Green light flickered, red light shined like fire.


The two lights fused, growing and weakening in intervals.


The light faded gradually, the center of the formation turned into darkness again.


Hei Lou Lan floated in the air in a sitting position, she opened her eyes, admiration flashed across her shocked gaze.


“Ying Wu Xie belongs to Shadow Sect, he is a subordinate of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable. I had thought that he would use soul path or dark path methods to get rid of the information path dao marks on me. To think that he used light path, this shows how unfathomable Spectral Soul Demon Venerable and Shadow Sect are, little aunt’s information path attainment was already quasi-great grandmaster. But Shadow Sect could actually break it using this light path Gu formation…”


Hei Lou Lan’s evaluation of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable and Shadow Sect rose by another level.


The scene she viewed changed, in an instant, Hei Lou Lan had returned to the room she was in previously.


“I have already removed all of the information path dao marks on you.” Ying Wu Xie stood at the side, saying calmly.


After careful consideration, Ying Wu Xie decided to preserve Hei Lou Lan’s life.


After all, his biggest mission now was not to deal with Fang Yuan, it was to pick up the pieces and rebuild Shadow Sect, he had to save Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s main body.


Fang Yuan was a secondary goal.




Even though Ying Wu Xie hated Fang Yuan to the core, he would not lose his reasoning due to hatred.


Precisely because of this, he knew his primary objective and decided to make Hei Lou Lan a member of his after some hesitation.


She was a talented person.


Great Strength True Martial Physique, with Ying Wu Xie’s knowledge, and with some teaching, she would be a capable force in his hands.


Hei Lou Lan inspected her body.


She did not have any methods to observe her own dao marks, after inspecting herself, she saw nothing wrong with her body. Of course, the emphasis was on her soul.


But everyone knew that Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was the founder of soul path!


Ying Wu Xie smiled lightly: “The old agreement is gone, you have a new alliance agreement now. From now on, you are my subordinate, you have to listen to my orders, you are not to defy me or hide anything from me.”


Hei Lou Lan snorted coldly, not showing any respect to Ying Wu Xie.


Since Ying Wu Xie could get rid of her alliance agreement, his methods were proven to be superior to Fairy Li Shan.




From now on, Hei Lou Lan no longer had freedom, she had to listen to every order from Ying Wu Xie.


But…


For Hei Lou Lan, this was a helpless choice that she had to accept.


The situation was not in her favor, if she resisted, she would die.


As for the fact that she betrayed her ally Fang Yuan, Hei Lou Lan felt zero remorse. Her relationship with Fang Yuan originally was about scheming against each other for benefits, they were just making use of one another.


In fact, she even felt hatred towards Fang Yuan!


“What do you want me to do next? Lure Fang Yuan here? I have stargate Gu, I can travel the five regions using black heaven.” Hei Lou Lan said plainly.


Without the alliance agreement, she exposed Fang Yuan’s secrets without mercy.


But Ying Wu Xie shook his head, he said regretfully: “I’m not afraid to tell you that Shadow Sect has a spy in Lang Ya blessed land. We know about stargate Gu, even though this Gu is amazing, it is effective on rank six bottom tier Gu Immortals at best. It cannot even transport a single Immortal Gu, you will be no match for the current Fang Yuan.”


Ying Wu Xie obtained Spectral Soul’s guidance in the Red Lotus true inheritance, he knew a lot of secrets regarding sovereign immortal fetus Gu.


He understood clearly that Fang Yuan’s new body had a larger number of dao marks. Fire path, water path, wind path, all of his paths had at least a hundred dao marks.


That meant that the cumulative number of dao marks that he had exceeded a thousand for sure.


With so many dao marks, Fang Yuan could not use stargate Gu.


“The next step of my plan is to refine Fixed Immortal Travel.” Ying Wu Xie said.


Hei Lou Lan’s eyes shined with bright light, she nodded.


She knew about Fixed Immortal Travel, this Immortal Gu was very useful, it was very wise of Ying Wu Xie to refine it first.


“Fixed Immortal Travel has just been destroyed, there is a high chance of succeeding the refinement. But to refine Fixed Immortal Travel, you will need divine travel Gu, and to get divine travel Gu, you will need four top tier liquors within the world…”


Before Hei Lou Lan finished, Ying Wu Xie interrupted her: “Divine travel Gu is in Lang Ya land spirit’s hands. However, even though Immortal Gu like Fixed Immortal Travel are unique, there isn’t only one possible Gu recipe. A city has multiple gates to enter it, the same goes for Immortal Gu.”


Hei Lou Lan was curious: “This means you have a new recipe to refine Fixed Immortal Travel?”


“Of course.” Ying Wu Xie smiled.


Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was invincible in the world when he was alive, his accumulation and foundation was immense, and after his death he created Shadow Sect.


Spectral Soul’s will inside the Red Lotus true inheritance had formulated a series of plans for Ying Wu Xie relating to Fixed Immortal Travel. As the core of the plan, Fixed Immortal Travel naturally could not have issues. Thus, Ying Wu Xie had three Immortal Gu recipes of Fixed Immortal Travel in his mind.


All of them could be used to refine Fixed Immortal Travel!


Southern Border.


Fang Yuan traveled in the mountains.


He had just slaughtered Ni clan village singlehandedly, right now, he was traveling as he assessed his gains and losses from the battle.


Experiences were lessons.


Only by sorting out one’s experiences could they learn from those experiences, allowing their foundation to rise and become more stable.


Ni clan’s Gu Masters were not a concern, Fang Yuan only used some enslavement path methods to summon the huge number of beasts and trample over the village.


No matter how many mortals there were, Fang Yuan did not need to attack personally.


What made Fang Yuan fight was the desolate beast mud monster.


This mud monster gave Fang Yuan a lot of problems before he killed it.


In this battle, Fang Yuan learned a lot about his weakness.


“Even though I have rank seven sword path Gu, the immortal essence expenditure is too high!”


Gu worms and Gu Masters both had nine ranks, since ancient times, there was a common understanding in the cultivation world, that was, the Gu Master and Gu worm’s rank should be equal. When the Gu worm’s rank was too low, the Gu Master would not be able to use their full strength. When the Gu worm’s rank was too high, the Gu Master would also be unable to use their full strength.


Because, if the Gu worm had a higher rank, the Gu Master would be like a baby holding a hammer, not only would it be difficult to use it to harm foes, the Gu Master themselves may also receive damage when using the hammer.


Like earlier, when Fang Yuan used his rank seven sword path Gu against the desolate beast mud monster, he felt a sense of helplessness.


Every time he used his sword path Gu, the expended green grape immortal essence exceeded a hundred beads.


Fang Yuan’s nine-five sovereign immortal aperture could only produce sixteen beads of immortal essence a day, it was not enough for one activation.


Thankfully, he had taken a sum of immortal essence stones from Lang Ya land spirit to replenish his immortal essence. Otherwise, in Ni clan village, he would face much greater problems when dealing with the mud monster.


“I was hesitant earlier, but now it seems I must reverse refine these rank seven sword path Immortal Gu.”


Fang Yuan sighed internally.


The higher the rank of the Gu worm, the rarer they were, and the more valuable they were.


But in Fang Yuan’s situation, he had no choice but to reverse refine these rank seven Immortal Gu and turn them into rank six.


This way, they would suit Fang Yuan better and he could use them as he wished.


“My refinement path attainment is so-so. I should ask Lang Ya land spirit to do the Immortal Gu reverse refinement for me.”


“Even though his personality changed, he is still Long Hair Ancestor’s obsession, as long as I pay the sect contribution points, he will do it.”


Fang Yuan analyzed in his mind.


Reverse refining Immortal Gu, even though the success rate was higher than normal refinement, there was still a possibility of failing, and it was high.


Thus, it was better to ask Lang Ya land spirit to do it instead of Fang Yuan himself.


“I wonder how many of these rank seven sword path Immortal Gu I would have left after all of them are reverse refined?”


“Even if all of them are left, just these sword path Immortal Gu would not be enough.”


Fang Yuan thought about the battle against the desolate beast mud monster again.


Even though he used rank seven sword path Immortal Gu, the enemy was a mud monster.


Mud monsters were different from other beasts. Ordinary desolate beasts had flesh and blood, they had bones and skin, they had obvious weaknesses.


But mud monsters were made of mud, but because the mud was filled with earth path dao marks, they became different from normal mud.


Fang Yuan’s flying sword Immortal Gu was specialized in dealing fatal blows, once used, a three meter long silver sword would fly out, even though it was sharp and could easily pierce the mud monster, it could not deal much damage.


Thus, in that battle, even though Fang Yuan had the advantage, he was very unhappy.


Eventually, even though he won, the expended green grape immortal essence greatly exceeded Fang Yuan’s bottom line.


“Flying sword Immortal Gu was the most commonly used Immortal Gu of Bo Qing, using it as the core, he created many immortal killer moves to deal with many situations. Earlier, if I had a sword path immortal killer move, I would be able to split flying sword Immortal Gu into countless swords, sending down a rain of them, the mud monster would not last one hit!”


Thus, Fang Yuan not only needed to reverse refine the sword path Immortal Gu, he also needed to collect sword path killer moves.


As for creating them himself, he could forget about it.


He could not use wisdom Gu, or at least, he did not find the method yet, and his sword path attainment was almost nonexistent.


If not for these available sword path Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan would have tried to use blood path, strength path, or time path already.


After pondering, Fang Yuan stopped traveling, sitting down on a rock.


He contracted Lang Ya land spirit.


Right now, Lang Ya land spirit was not so interested in refining Gu, his focus was on expanding the hairy men race and trampling over humans, making hairy men the overlords of the five regions.


But when Fang Yuan was willing to use his sect contribution points to ask the land spirit to do it, he agreed.


As for sword path killer moves, Lang Ya blessed land had many in its collection.


The original Lang Ya land spirit spent all his time researching Gu recipes and refining Gu. He had researched sword path Gu as well, these killer moves were things that Lang Ya land spirit used for research.


Looking over them, Fang Yuan could not decide what killer move to get.


He changed the topic: “First supreme elder, I am willing to use the final opportunity to ask you to refine an Immortal Gu.”


Even though Lang Ya land spirit had changed, the agreement between Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable and Long Hair Ancestor still had to be fulfilled.


Fang Yuan had already used two chances, asking Lang Ya land spirit to refine stargate Gu and second aperture Gu. Now, he made up his mind, using the final chance.


“Oh? What Immortal Gu?” The land spirit asked.


Fang Yuan’s answer was quick and simple —


“Fixed Immortal Travel!”




