Chapter 104: Buying the Liquor Worm?


In the end, Fang Yuan did not go downstairs, and his brother did not come up.


Their mutual refusal to move and the distance between them seemed to indicate that the rift in their relationship was growing.


Their conversation was not pleasant.


“Brother, you’ve gone too far! To think that you are such a person!” Fang Zheng shouted, frowning deeply.


Fang Yuan was not angry. Instead he laughed lightly. “Oh, what kind of person am I?”


“Brother!” Fang Zheng sighed deeply. “After our parents died, Aunt and Uncle adopted us, they raised us. To think that you are so heartless that you would pay back their kindness with enmity. Big Brother, is your heart made of stone?”


Fang Zheng’s voice was trembling slightly.


“How strange. The inheritance is rightfully mine, so what’s all this nonsense about kindness and enmity?” Fang Yuan retorted calmly.


Fang Zheng gritted his teeth. “Yes! I know, this inheritance is from our parents. But you can’t just take everything, you have to at least leave something for our aunt and uncle to let them enjoy their lives in retirement, right? You’ve disappointed all of us, and you’ve made me look down on you!”


After a pause, he continued. “Have you returned home to see their living conditions now? Half the servants had to be let go, they couldn’t afford them. How can you be so cruel?!”


Fang Zheng clenched his fists, his eyes red.


Fang Yuan laughed coldly. He knew that his aunt and uncle must have amassed a huge fortune after holding the inheritance for all these years. Even if they hadn’t, just the end-of-month profits from the wine tavern that Dong Tu had taken would be enough to keep their servants. They were only pretending to be poor so Fang Zheng would come and give him trouble.


Fang Yuan looked Fang Zheng up and down. “My adorable little brother, if I insist on not returning the assets, what can you do? Although you are of age, don’t forget that you have already acknowledged them as your new parents. You have lost the rights to the inheritance.”


“I know!” Fang Zheng’s eyes shone with righteous fire. “That’s why I’m here to challenge you to a duel. Let’s decide this in the arena. If I win, return a portion of the inheritance to our aunt and uncle.”


Duels in this world were quite similar to duels on Earth.


If clansmen had unresolvable conflicts with each other, they could use duels to settle the matter. There were many types of duels with different numbers of participants: one on one, team battles, artistic challenges, tests of strength, and even mortal combat.


Of course, Fang Yuan and Fang Zheng would not go so far as to fight to the death if they had a duel.


Seeing his brother’s determined expression, Fang Yuan suddenly laughed. “It seems that Aunt and Uncle specifically instructed you before you came here. But, as someone who lost to me before, do you really think you can beat me?”


Fang Zheng’s eyes narrowed as he was reminded of his humiliation in the final exam.


Every time he thought about it, rage would rise in his heart, rage towards both Fang Yuan and himself.


He hated himself for being useless, for panicking at the critical moment. He had underperformed in that battle: Fang Yuan had taken the initiative and thrown him off balance, and he only thought of using the Jade Skin Gu at the last moment. In the end, he lost abruptly and very indignantly.


Fang Zheng’s anger towards himself stoked the flames of his indignation.


He could not help but think, If I could redo it, I could definitely perform better and defeat my older brother!


Thus, when Aunt and Uncle complained to him, Fang Zheng not only wanted to take back the inheritance for the two of them, but also wanted to fight Fang Yuan again to prove himself.


“Things are different now, Brother.” Fang Zheng looked at Fang Yuan, his eyes burning with determination. “Last time, I performed poorly and lost to you. This time, I have successfully refined the rank two Moon Raiment. You cannot break my defense anymore!”


A faint blue fog suddenly surrounded him. It gradually condensed into a long floating ribbon.


The ribbon looped around his waist and coiled around his arms. The middle section of the ribbon drifted above his head, giving him a sort of graceful, mystical air.


Indeed, it is the Moon Raiment. How foolish, revealing your trump card like that. Fang Yuan’s eyes twinkled.


The Moon Raiment was a rank two Gu worm with defensive properties. Although it offered slightly less protection than the White Jade Gu, it could also be used to shield others and was more effective in team battles.


With this Gu in his hands, Fang Yuan really couldn’t break Fang Zheng’s defense. Even if he punched with all his strength, it would be like hitting cotton: the Gu would nullify the force of the blow.


Even the Moonlight Gu would not be able to break it; he would need its advancement, the rank two Moonglow Gu. If Fang Zheng wanted to fight and challenged Fang Yuan to a proper duel, the clan rules stated that he had to accept. Without revealing the White Jade Gu, Fang Yuan might really lose.


A grade was A grade, and with the clan leader’s nurturing, Fang Zheng was growing rapidly. It could be said that, during the academy phase, Fang Yuan suppressed Fang Zheng. But now he had to admit, Fang Zheng was starting to show the brilliance of a genius, and was slowly becoming a threat to him.


But you think I did not expect this? Fang Yuan stared down at his brother, his lips curling into a smirk.


“My persistent little brother, of course you can challenge me. But have you gotten the approval of your teammates? If, during the battle, your group has to go on a mission, what would you do?”


Fang Zheng paused; indeed, he hadn’t thought of that.


He had to admit, his brother was right. The group had to work together, and if teammates wanted to do things on their own, they would need to report to the group first.


“So go back, find that captain of yours, and explain the situation. I’ll wait for you guys at the east gate’s wine tavern,” Fang Yuan said.


Fang Zheng hesitated slightly, then gritted his teeth. “I’ll go now, Brother! But delay tactics won’t work.”


He went to his group captain Qing Shu’s residence, and the family servant led him in.


Qing Shu was practicing using his Gu.


His body was extremely agile and fit as he danced around the garden arena.


“Green Vine Gu,” he said lightly, and from his right palm, a green vine shot out. It was around fifteen meters long. Qing Shu swung it like a whip, sweeping and coiling and snapping it.


Pow pow pow!


The whip left afterimages all around the arena, smashing the limestone bricks and sending stone fragments flying.


“Pine Needle Gu.” He suddenly retrieved the vine whip, and flipped his long green hair.


Pine needles shot out from his hair like rain.


The pine needles hit a wooden puppet not far away, piercing through its entire body and leaving countless pinholes.


“Moonwhirl Gu.” Next, held out his left hand, and a green crescent tattoo glowed brightly.


With a flick of his wrist, a green moonblade was sent flying.


While a normal moonblade flew in a straight line, this green moonblade curved through the air. As it traveled a less predictable path, it was harder for enemies to defend against.


As expected of the number one rank two Gu Master! Under such attacks, I wouldn’t even last for ten breaths. He really is too strong. Fang Zheng stared with his mouth wide open, forgetting the reason he had come in the first place.


“Oh? Fang Zheng, why are you here? The previous mission just ended, you have to rest more, gotta keep that balance between work and rest!” Qing Shu, upon noticing Fang Zheng, relaxed his body and smiled gently.


“Senior Qing Shu.” Fang Zheng bowed to him respectfully.


This respect came from the heart. Ever since he joined the group, Qing Shu had cared for him attentively, and in Fang Zheng’s eyes, Qing Shu was like an elder brother.


“Oh, it seems you have business with me?” Qing Shu wiped the sweat off his forehead as he walked over.


“It’s like this…” Fang Zheng told him the whole story.


Qing Shu’s eyebrows slightly rose. Truthfully, he’d heard a lot about Fang Yuan, and between the two brothers, he was actually more interested in Fang Yuan than Fang Zheng.


Might as well take the opportunity to meet him.


Qing Shu nodded at Fang Zheng. “I have something to discuss with your brother as well. In that case, let’s go together.”


Fang Zheng was overjoyed. “Thank you, Senior!”


“Hehehe, no need to thank me, we’re in the same team.” Qing Shu patted Fang Zheng’s shoulders.


Fang Zheng could feel warmth in his heart and could not help his eyes turning a bit red.


The two made their way to the tavern. A shop assistant was waiting for them and brought them inside.


On a square table by the window, there were several dishes, two wine cups, and a pot of wine.


Fang Yuan sat on one side, and when he saw Qing Shu, he smiled and gestured to the other side of the table. “Please sit.”


Qing Shu nodded to Fang Yuan. He took his seat, then said, “Fang Zheng, take a walk for a bit, I’ll talk with your brother.”


He was a smart person. Upon seeing only two wine cups, he knew that Fang Yuan wanted to have a chat alone.


Truthfully, he had such intentions as well.


Fang Zheng nodded and left the shop indignantly.


“I know you, Fang Yuan.” Qing Shu smiled, opening the wine pot skillfully, pouring a cup for Fang Yuan and one for himself.


“You are a very interesting, smart person.” He raised his cup towards Fang Yuan.


Fang Yuan laughed and raised his cup as well to return the toast.


They drank it in one shot together.


Qing Shu refilled both of their cups.


As he poured, he said, “There’s no point beating about the bush when talking to a smart person. I’ll be honest, I want to buy your Liquor Worm, how much is it?”


He did not ask Fang Yuan if he was selling it, but asked how much, showing his immense confidence.


He was the number one rank two Gu Master. At such a young age, he had reached rank two peak stage, overpowering the rank two upper stage Chi Shan and Mo Yan.


In this meeting, he had taken the initiative, pouring the wine and toasting Fang Yuan.


His confidence together with his gentle smile formed a unique aura. It was not overbearing and forceful, which might make people disgusted with him, but it made them feel his persistence all the same.


He had long green hair, and the winter sunlight shining through the window left gentle streaks of light on his face. Fang Yuan couldn’t help but think of the bright and beautiful radiance of spring.


A truly talented person. What a shame, Fang Yuan thought.


He was not bothered by Qing Shu taking the initiative. In fact, Fang Yuan sighed in slight appreciation.


