Chapter 105: Lose Miserably


Qing Shu was also an orphan like Fang Yuan and Fang Zheng. His parents had died in a wolf tide when he was young, and he was personally raised by the clan leader, Gu Yue Bo.

After he was tested to have B grade aptitude, he received Gu Yue Bo’s personal guidance. His aptitude was outstanding among B grades, it could even be called “false A grade”. Gu Yue Bo had been raising him as a clan leader candidate.

Qing Shu had a warm and friendly temperament. He was highly praised and well-received by the clan. He was also very loyal; Fang Zheng’s arrival cut off his hopes of inheriting the clan leader position, but rather than being angry or jealous, he happily and wholeheartedly took care of Fang Zheng.

On Earth, Yue Fei[1], Wei Zheng[2], and Bao Zheng[3] were people with such character.

Unfortunately, in the wolf tide a year from now, the northern gate would fall. To hold the breach and protect the clan, Qing Shu would step forward. In the end, he forcibly activated a rank three Gu with only rank two cultivation, becoming an impenetrable fortress and successfully defending the village.

However, it came at great cost: his aperture was destroyed, and he transformed into a treeman and died.

Thus, Gu Yue Qing Shu had left a profound impression on Fang Yuan.

When he saw Fang Yuan sighing, Qing Shu naturally didn’t think that Fang Yuan was remembering his death. He thought Fang Yuan was vexed due to the Liquor Worm.

He smiled. “Fang Yuan, you should already know the limitations of the Liquor Worm. It is only rank one and can only refine rank one green copper primeval essence. As you are already a rank two Gu Master, it is useless to you. Although you own a wine tavern now and can easily raise the Liquor Worm, why would you waste money on something that’s useless?

“But the Liquor Worm is quite useful to other rank one Gu Masters. Especially when spring comes; there will be a new batch of students, and the Liquor Worm will be of great help to them. You might as well just sell the Liquor Worm to the clan and contribute to the clan’s strength.”

Fang Yuan didn’t reply.

Qing Shu pondered, guessing Fang Yuan’s intention. “I understand now. You are reluctant to part with the Liquor Worm, you even want to refine it. If I am not wrong, you should be thinking of making the rank two White Chrysalis, then the rank three Mist-Perspiring Butterfly, right?

“That’s the most well-known and most practical recipe. The Mist-Perspiring Butterfly is a great Gu worm. But the White Chrysalis does nothing. This refinement route wouldn’t have much value to you. Until you reach rank three, it would just be sitting there consuming food.

“And how likely are you to reach rank three? Even if you do make it, you will probably be middle-aged by then. Will you raise the useless White Chrysalis for decades? It would be better to save the money and nurture other Gu worms. That is more practical and will be more helpful to you, am I wrong?

“The Liquor Worm’s true value lies in refining primeval essence and raising it by a small realm. If you go through with this refinement, you would only be treating the Liquor Worm as a material, wouldn’t that be a pity?”

All Gu worms had only one ability.

For instance, the Spring Autumn Cicada was a rank six Gu, but it only had the ability of rebirth.

The new Gu worm created from refinement usually took an ability from one of its component Gu worms and enhanced it. The White Jade Gu, for instance, took the defensive ability of the Jade Skin Gu and enhanced it, while losing the White Boar Gu’s ability to instill strength.

Qing Shu was correct, the Liquor Worm’s value was in refining primeval essence and raising it by a small realm.

It effectively increased a Gu Master’s primeval essence reserves, while also greatly enhancing the efficiency and speed at which they could nourish their aperture and improve their cultivation.

If one followed the “White Chrysalis, Mist-Perspiring Butterfly” route, the resulting Gu worms wouldn’t have the ability to refine primeval essence.

In fact, the Flower Wine Monk took this route and refined the Mist-Perspiring Butterfly from the Liquor Worm, using it to enchant women and commit evil acts. After his death, the Mist-Perspiring Butterfly continued to degenerate as it starved and finally reverted back to a Liquor Worm.

Seeing Fang Yuan’s continued silence, Qing Shu’s eyes flashed. “Actually, our clan has another recipe. The Liquor Worm can be refined into the rank two Moon Harbinger Gu, then the rank three Seven Fragrances Liquor Worm. The Seven Fragrances Liquor Worm retains the ability to refine primeval essence.

“If you don’t want to sell the Liquor Worm outright, then we could change it to a business transaction. You will sell the Liquor Worm to the clan, and if the clan can refine it to the Seven Fragrances Liquor Worm, you will have the right to use it for five years. If it fails, the clan will compensate you for it. What do you think?”

Doing this meant the clan would bear all the risks for the refinement. With such a superior condition, others might eagerly agree to it.

But Fang Yuan only sneered coldly in his heart.

He knew himself.

With his 44% C grade aptitude, advancing to rank three was almost impossible. In his previous life, Fang Yuan had stalled at rank two for over a hundred years. He finally and coincidentally obtained a talent-raising Gu worm, allowing him to become a rank three Gu Master.

Five years of usage rights might sound good to others, but to Fang Yuan, it was like trying to catch the moon’s reflection in water.

Qing Shu had made the offer as bait because he saw Fang Yuan’s ambition to charge to rank three.

But he had miscalculated from the start!

Because deep in Fang Yuan’s memories, there was a much more perfect recipe for the Liquor Worm’s advancement.

With this recipe, he could refine it into the rank two Four Flavors Liquor Worm, and once he was rank three, to the Seven Fragrances Liquor Worm. The Four Flavors Liquor Worm retained the ability to refine primeval essence.

However, it was not easy to refine it.

First of all, its refinement required two Liquor Worms; Fang Yuan only had one currently. Next, it required four different types of wine, each of a different flavor: spicy, sour, sweet, and bitter.

Let’s ignore the difficulty of obtaining a second Liquor Worm and look at these four wines.

Spicy wines were the most common: ordinary white spirit wines were all of this type. For sour wines, you could use bayberry wine and grape wines. Rice wines were suitable as sweet wines. But as for bitter wines, some thinking needed to be done.

The only bitter wine he was aware of was brewed with mugwort in Ai Village. Unfortunately, that village was immeasurably far away, so how would he obtain some?

The reason he had kept the Liquor Worm was not to try and sell it for a high price, but to follow this recipe. Using it any other way would be ruining its potential.

How could Qing Shu know what Fang Yuan had in mind?

Seeing that Fang Yuan was still unmoved, he threw out his trump card. “Fang Yuan, if you sell the Liquor Worm, I can mediate between you and Fang Zheng. At the very least, he won’t use the family assets to challenge you to a duel. You also know the clan rules: the challenge must be accepted. Even if the duel is not approved by the higher-ups, it must first be accepted. Even if you are sure of your defeat and wish to surrender without a fight, you still need to accept the challenge.”

This world promoted martial spirit; clans didn’t need cowards. If there was a challenge, a Gu Master had to accept it. Accepting the challenge proved that you were not a coward. Even admitting your defeat in public was considered an act of courage.

This was a system that had formed naturally under the cruelty and ruthlessness of nature in this world.

The clan’s higher-ups would arbitrate according to the results of duels and resolve any problems and disputes.

The premise of a duel was that it needed a reason. Either the challenger needed to be in the right and their challenge needed to be reasonable, or both parties could make an agreement similar to a bet. Duels would only be approved in such circumstances.

“Fang Zheng’s duel request is reasonable and fair; it will be approved. If this happens, no matter the result — whether you win or lose — your dispute will be judged by the elders. Who do you think the elders will side with between you and Fang Zheng?”

Qing Shu’s smile became bigger as he looked at Fang Yuan with a burning gaze. “Fang Yuan, if you win, you will still have to part with some of your inheritance, it will just be a little less. But if you sell the Liquor Worm to the clan, you will be contributing to the clan, and the clan will remember you. I can also guarantee that Fang Zheng will never challenge you on the basis of your inheritance.”

The implication was that Fang Zheng could still challenge Fang Yuan for different reasons.

This was one of the things Qing Shu and Gu Yue Bo would be happy to see. They hoped Fang Zheng would defeat Fang Yuan and break the shadow in his heart to build up his self-confidence.

Fang Yuan suddenly smiled. He had been listening to Qing Shu’s offers from the beginning, and now he finally spoke.

“You think I will lose if we fight?” Fang Yuan asked Qing Shu.

Qing Shu also smiled. “Fights are full of variables, and who knows what might happen. However, I must remind you, Fang Zheng has already refined the rank two Moon Raiment Gu. I’m afraid you won’t have much of an advantage.”

“Hahaha.” Fang Yuan shook his head, and the smile on his face became bigger. “I will lose, I’d definitely lose.”

Qing Shu stared blankly.

Fang Yuan stared into his eyes and continued. “Not only will I lose, I will even lose miserably. I will hand over all my parents’ inheritance, and from then on I will sleep on the street and wander about the village as a beggar.”

“You…” Qing Shu was smart, and he understood Fang Yuan’s true intentions. The confidence and grace fell from his face, and his expression turned grave.

Fang Yuan’s words were a naked threat.

Fang Zheng was being raised as the next clan leader. If it was made known that he had recognized others as his new parents, used his cultivation and aptitude to bully his big brother, and stole the inheritance away from him, there would be devastating damage to his reputation.

Even on Earth, a person who did this would be publicly shamed, let alone in this world where familial love had been raised to a whole new level.

If Fang Zheng didn’t mind being reviled, it wouldn’t matter. But he was going to become the clan leader, a paragon of the righteous path, and that meant he needed to uphold virtue and cherish it.

For a moment, Qing Shu stared at Fang Yuan in a daze. He found that, despite Fang Yuan’s reputation, he had still underestimated the lad.

All the pressure he had built over the course of the conversation had crumbled to dust. Fang Yuan had struck at his vitals.

If someone else had been trying to convince him, Fang Yuan would have spoken differently. But Qing Shu was extremely loyal to the clan and had even sacrificed himself to protect it in his previous life. There was no way he could ignore Fang Yuan’s threat.

However, he quickly calmed down. He glared at Fang Yuan and spoke through clenched teeth. “But you won’t do that. The inheritance has been your goal all along. How would you cultivate if you gave it up?”

Fang Yuan wasn’t afraid. He met Qing Shu’s gaze, his lips curling up in a smile. “That’s why I believe you will give up the notion of buying the Liquor Worm and also persuade Fang Zheng not to challenge me. Am I wrong?”

Others might not be able to persuade Fang Zheng, but Qing Shu could. Fang Yuan had no doubt.

The situation was in a deadlock.

After a moment, Qing Shu looked down.

He stared at the wine cup in his hand for a while and suddenly laughed.

“Interesting. We’ll do just that.” His tone carried a hint of melancholy.

* * *

[1]. Yue Fei (岳飞) – Song dynasty patriot and general.

[2]. Wei Zheng (魏征) – Tang dynasty politician and historian, notorious as a critic, and editor of the Book of Sui, the official history of the Sui dynasty.

[3]. Bao Zheng (包拯) – Northern Song dynasty official renowned for his honesty.

