Chapter 106: The Cost of Refinement and the Vital Gu


A day later.


Fang Yuan sat cross-legged on his futon.


A ball of white light the size of a man’s head floated in front of him at arm’s length.


Fang Yuan threw primeval stones into it one after the other.


The white light contracted, but became more eye-piercing.


When it had shrunk to the size of a fist, it was almost too bright to look at.


Probably the last stone… Fang Yuan played around with the primeval stone in his hand, knowing that the critical moment was here.


He tossed the primeval stone into the light ball.


He could barely make out the primeval stone melting into the light ball like ice dropped into boiling water.


A large amount of rock powder fell to the ground.


Suddenly, the light ball exploded!


With a bam, three Gu worms flew in different directions. One fell on the bed, while the other two flew into the walls, and then dropped to the ground.


Refining the Moonglow Gu had failed!


Fang Yuan’s heart sank. He quickly moved his finger, calling back his Gu worms.


The Moonlight Gu and one Little Light Gu shakily floated over to him and landed in his hand, but the other Little Light Gu did not respond.


It lay on the ground, gradually dissolving into nothing.


After a few breath’s time, it had completely vanished without a trace.


This was the price of a failed refinement — depending on the recipe, the Gu involved might get injured, or even die.


Even with his rich experience, multitasking ability, and good recipes, there was still a chance of failure.


Fang Yuan was not upset, he had seen such an event many many times. He had already done his best, and if he still failed, it could only be attributed to luck.


Luckily, it was not the Moonlight Gu that died. I can just buy another Little Light Gu from the shop, but replacing the Moonlight Gu would be harder.


He inspected the Moonlight Gu and the remaining Little Light Gu. Their usual glow had dimmed slightly. This was the result of injury due to the failed refinement.


Once a Gu worm is injured, the chances of successfully fusing it drop drastically. I have to wait for them to recover before I continue trying. Fang Yuan knew that haste did not bring success. He put the two Gu away.


He estimated that he would be able to try again about three days later.


Cultivation did not end there.


Fang Yuan opened his left hand.


On it, there was a green insignia in the form of a plant, like a dark green tattoo.


Fang Yuan moved his primeval essence, sending it towards the insignia.


The tattoo came alive. The tip of the plant emerged from his skin, followed by the stem covered in nine dark green leaves. As for the roots, they were not exposed.


Only some faint green tendrils remained on his skin, tangled together with the creases on his palm.


It was the rank two grass Gu: the Nine Leaf Vitality Grass.


Right now, Fang Yuan’s palm was like soil, with the Nine Leaf Vitality Grass growing out of it, resembling an exquisite jade carving.


Fang Yuan used his other hand to pluck the leaves.


Every time he pulled off a leaf, he felt a slight pain, like the feeling of pulling a hair.


He removed all nine leaves, and only the bare stem was left.


Fang Yuan continued to deploy his primeval essence. It flowed out of his palm like a cloud of red mist, enshrouding the jade green stem.


As it absorbed the primeval essence, a bud appeared, faintly pinkish green and delicate, as though it would break at the slightest touch.


As he continued, the bud grew bigger, its color deepening. Eventually it became a dark green, completely matured leaf.


I used up 20% of my primeval essence. Fang Yuan inspected his aperture and concluded.


He only had 44% primeval essence in his sea, that meant that he could only create two Vitality Leaves in one go.


After creating another leaf, Fang Yuan grabbed a primeval stone and rapidly recovered the primeval essence in his aperture.


When he reached 40%, he began growing more Vitality Leaves.


After spending and recovering his primeval essence for half a day, he finally made the Nine Leaf Vitality Grass grow back to nine full leaves.


He did not pluck them this time. With a thought, the Nine Leaf Vitality Grass melded back into the skin of his palm and became a green insignia once again.


He took the leaves that he plucked and placed them into a small bag, bringing it with him.


A Vitality Leaf was a rank one Gu worm, worth around fifty primeval stones. With just these nine leaves, Fang Yuan could earn four hundred and fifty primeval stones.


Of course, he incurred costs in creating them, but even so, he still made about four hundred primeval stones in profit.


Among all of the family assets, the most valuable one was no doubt this Nine Leaf Vitality Grass. Owning it was tantamount to owning a gold mine! And the Nine Leaf Vitality Grass had an extra advantage as well: it was easy to feed. It only needed water and sunlight to survive, so it cost basically nothing to raise.


Fang Yuan could give up the rest of the inheritance, but not the Nine Leaf Vitality Grass. He needed to hold onto it no matter what!


Of course, he was not the only person who owned a Nine Leaf Vitality Grass. There were a few others in the village.


In fact, there were five Nine Leaf Vitality Grass Gu that were collective property owned by the clan. Every day, there were specialized Gu Masters who were assigned to create large numbers of Vitality Leaves.


Fang Yuan considered that to be a good thing.


If he had the only Nine Leaf Vitality Grass, the clan would force him to give it up. They would send someone as a representative to force him to sell it, just like Qing Shu had tried to do with his Liquor Worm.


The higher-ups wanted to control precious Gu like the Liquor Worm, Black and White Boar Gu, and the Nine Leaf Vitality Grass so that they could be used for the benefit of the clan.


•••


Three days later.


The light ball before Fang Yuan suddenly exploded, and a new Gu worm slowly floated in midair.


It was a sparkling, translucent crystal in the shape of a crescent, like a blue gemstone. Essentially, it was a Moonlight Gu, but twice as big.


But it was not a Moonlight Gu, it was a rank two Moonglow Gu.


This time, Fang Yuan’s refinement succeeded.


The Moonglow Gu was made by fusing a Moonlight Gu and two Little Light Gu. A Little Light Gu could double the strength of a rank one moonblade, but using two of them would not increase it further.


But the rank two Moonglow Gu was three times stronger than the Moonlight Gu!


Actually, there were many different recipes to refine the Moonlight Gu, and it had many advancement paths.


Fang Yuan took this path to raise the moonblade’s attack power to the limit. The attacking range remained unchanged, it still only flew ten meters.


Another possibility was using the Moonlight Gu and the Stone Scar Gu to create the Moonscar Gu. Its attack power remained unchanged, but its range doubled to twenty meters.


There was another common route, which was using the Moonlight Gu with the Whirlwind Gu to create the Moonwhirl Gu. The moonblade would become green, and its trajectory would become curved. Qing Shu had taken this path.


As for Fang Zheng, he used the Moonlight Gu and Jade Skin Gu to create the Moon Raiment. This was a rare route and had an upper limit of rank five, eventually becoming the Moonlight Treasure King Gu.


However, having a rank five recipe did not mean it was definitely possible to create a rank five Gu worm.


Many rank five Gu Masters did not have a single rank five Gu in their possession.


What caused this awkward situation was not a lack of ingredients, but the success rate.


Gu refinement was not a certain thing. The higher the rank of the Gu worm you tried to refine, the lower the success rate. In his previous life, Fang Yuan’s Spring Autumn Cicada had a success rate of less than 1%, and it failed countless times. Sometimes, he was lucky and fewer Gu worms died; at other times, all of them did.


Refining the rank six Spring Autumn Cicada required many rank five Gu worms. Once they died, all of his hard work would go up in smoke.


Fang Yuan had failed countless times and started over many times, collecting Gu worms and special ingredients and refining them again and again. Eventually, his collection efforts resulted in a sea of blood and corpses, and he antagonized too many people.


Though he was lucky and finally obtained the Spring Autumn Cicada, many righteous path cultivators who had been eyeing him for a long time came to attack. Before he even got a chance to familiarize himself with it, he was forced to self-detonate.


For countless eons, Gu Masters had experienced this disgusting failure rate that wasted their efforts and left them with nothing.


There was only one way to slightly curb it: the vital Gu.


No matter the refinement result, failure or success, the vital Gu never died. At most, it was injured.


Why?


Many people guessed it was because the vital Gu, as the Gu Master’s first Gu worm, had a mystical relationship in which their lives were linked.


As long as the Gu Master was alive, if the vital Gu’s refinement failed, at worst it would be almost dead.


Of course, the other Gu worms used in the refinement could still die.


Even so, a portion of the Gu Master’s effort could be preserved and accumulated.


The vital Gu was the Gu Master’s greatest fortune and fallback. Whatever it was, it would greatly influence the Gu Master’s development path. Therefore, Gu Masters aggressively sought recipes to raise the rank of their vital Gu.


If they used a garbage recipe, it would worsen their future prospects.


That was why Fang Yuan had been so happy when he discovered that the Spring Autumn Cicada had become his vital Gu.


It was an extremely rare Gu worm that allowed its user to go back in time; it was a heaven-defying ability. Now, no matter how it was refined, it would not die. If it was in his previous life and he tried to refine the Spring Autumn Cicada beyond rank six, it could potentially die.


The Spring Autumn Cicada was rank six, a level many Gu Masters would never be able to reach in their lifetime. Countless Gu Masters did not even have a rank six recipe, and were still desperately searching!


The Spring Autumn Cicada, although unable to be used to its full potential at the moment, was still his greatest treasure. Comparing it to the Flower Wine Monk’s inheritance was like comparing heaven and earth.


