Chapter 1061: Blood Torrent


Northern Plains.


Inside the first layer of the heavens in the sovereign immortal aperture.


Fang Yuan opened his eyes slowly, his pupils flashed.


“I’ve spent so many days on deductions, but I’ll use its original name, it will continue to be called blood torrent.” Thinking of this, at Fang Yuan’s will, the Gu worms around him moved, scattering around him.


Hundreds of mortal Gu flew around him, forming a huge circle.


Blood asset Immortal Gu was residing in his chest, its red insignia started to glow as it emitted burning heat.


Suddenly, a dazzling blood-red light shot out of Fang Yuan’s chest.


The blood-red light rushed into the sky, turning into a huge stream of blood.


The stream of blood carried Fang Yuan and charged out.


After flying into the sky, with a swoosh, a long red line was drawn.


A river of blood-red light was flowing in the first layer of the heavens.




Everywhere it went, an intense stench of blood that would make people nauseous could be smelled.


In the river of blood-red light, Fang Yuan’s entire body was covered, completely concealed. This was good, he could hide himself, even if enemies wanted to attack, they would not know which part of the river to attack.


After flying for a while, Fang Yuan stopped moving.


The river of blood-red light vanished, Fang Yuan’s figure appeared all alone.


“The speed of this river can be even faster, I just need to add in some more mortal Gu.” Fang Yuan thought about his experience and concluded.


“But no matter how many mortal Gu I add, the linear speed cannot match sword escape Immortal Gu.”


Sword escape Immortal Gu was a rank seven Immortal Gu, this immortal killer move, blood torrent, used only one rank six Immortal Gu, and that was the rank six blood asset Immortal Gu, it was natural that the speed was inferior to Sword Escape.


Unless Fang Yuan could raise blood asset Immortal Gu to rank seven, the straight line speed of blood torrent could not surpass Sword Escape.


But this way, as a rank six Gu Immortal, for Fang Yuan to use the rank seven Immortal Gu, he would face the same awkward situation again, it was not worth it.


“My linear traveling speed is inferior to using Sword Escape, this was expected, it is not a problem! I deduced this immortal killer move while thinking about traveling while changing direction, to make up for the flaw of sword escape Immortal Gu. I can use blood torrent and sword escape Immortal Gu alternately, this way, I can barely deal with Chu Du.” Fang Yuan considered it clearly.




Blood torrent was a blood path killer move, while sword escape Immortal Gu was sword path, the two were unrelated, if any other Gu Immortal used both of them, they would lose out on both ends.


But Fang Yuan was an exception!


His body was special, it was formed from sovereign immortal fetus Gu. His dao marks were of all paths, yet they did not interfere with one another.


Fang Yuan could use blood torrent and sword escape Immortal Gu alternately, without causing them to lose their original strength.


Sword escape Immortal Gu allowed one to fly in a linear direction, even though it was fast, they could only move in one direction, it was too simple, it could be countered easily.


If the user stopped to change directions, the weakness exposed in that instance would be fully used by Domination Immortal.


But if he used Sword Escape and blood torrent alternately, he would make up for their weaknesses, he would be able to face Domination Immortal.


Chu Du was a strength path Gu Immortal, strength path was a path that focused on offense and recovery, it had the longest sustainability in battle, but it usually lacked in speed.


Of course, this was only Fang Yuan’s estimation.


As for whether it would be effective, he needed to test it.


After all, the last time Domination Immortal Chu Du fought openly was a hundred years ago.


After his battle with Liu tribe’s first supreme elder, he had concealed his traces and cultivated in seclusion.


Fang Yuan not only deduced his blood path killer move these last days, he even collected information on Chu Du using all kinds of methods.


But most of the information was from a hundred years ago.


At this point, Fang Yuan started to miss Fairy Li Shan. Hei Lou Lan’s younger aunt had mountain pledge Gu, she had a huge network and was in contact with many people in the demonic and righteous paths, and even lone immortals. If she was still around, he would be able to collect more information regarding Chu Du.


“Lang Ya Sect might be huge, but it had been in seclusion for so many years before wanting to make contact with the world again recently. In terms of information, it cannot match Fairy Li Shan. Information path, this is one of my weaknesses, I need to fix it.”


Fang Yuan’s thoughts were wandering.


He thought of the battle of Yi Tian Mountain.


Ah, that was a huge trap!


Fang Yuan thought about it and his heart was still pounding.


He could survive because two giants were fighting, and he as an ant had profited from their conflict. He barely survived, a huge portion was attributed to luck.


Come to think of it, it was because his information path attainment was too low, he had insufficient intel! If he knew about the hidden details of Yi Tian Mountain, he would have changed his plans.


“However, even if I had Fairy Li Shan’s information path methods, I would not have been able to get any information. Yi Tian Mountain was simply too big of a plot, in the five hundred years of my previous life, there was no such huge commotion!”


Fang Yuan put aside all of his irrelevant thoughts.


He had to say, after reviving, his thinking speed was extremely fast. It was completely unlike the immortal zombie body.


And with his wisdom path grandmaster attainment level, with the help of many wisdom path methods, he was even more perceptive than in the five hundred years of his previous life, he could think more nimbly.


In this aspect, he had completely surpassed himself!


Even though he deduced blood torrent, he needed to practise it, and continue to modify it as he used it.


After creating an immortal killer move, it could not be left untouched. The Gu Immortal needed to modify and improve it, or even revamp it if needed.


Back in the day, Dong Fang Chang Fan created myriad star fireflies, he had improved upon it multiple times. Even so, he was not personally satisfied with it.


Some immortal killer moves were improved upon by the creator for their entire lives, even their inheritors participated in this process.


For example, peerless crescent moon slash was a signature immortal killer move of Heaven’s Envy Manor, generations of Gu Immortals had improved on it countless times. Precisely so, this move could become famous in Central Continent, and its might was not to be underestimated.


Fang Yuan’s immortal killer move was only created hastily, it was far from the level of moves like peerless crescent moon slash.


In the following days, Fang Yuan practiced on using blood torrent and sword escape Immortal Gu.


Non-stop usage increased his experience, he gained a lot of insight towards the use of blood torrent and Sword Escape.


While practicing, he continued to modify the move, eventually, he stopped adding in mortal Gu to blood torrent, instead, he started taking out certain Gu worms.


“I need blood torrent to work with Sword Escape, because I need it for changing directions. After Sword Escape stops, I need to succeed in activating blood torrent in an instant. This is a short window of time, thus, many mortal Gu makes it troublesome. Not only would it be a waste of time, increasing the difficulty of activation, the gains are also minute with just a small increase in speed.”


“This is almost ready, I should try to gather my immortal aperture and escape. Let’s see if I can escape from Chu Du.”


Even though Fang Yuan could continue to create more blood path killer moves, there was no need to.


After getting blood asset Immortal Gu, he had used this Immortal Gu as the core, along with the accumulated mortal killer moves in the five hundred years of his previous life, to create three blood path killer moves: life staking blood print, blood healing lake, and blood torrent.


At this level, it was enough already.


After all, he only had blood asset Immortal Gu, if he used one blood path killer move, the others could not be used at the same time.


As for the other aspects, Fang Yuan could use other Immortal Gu instead.


After the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, he had lost almost all of his accumulated Gu worms, his current Gu worms were of many paths, they were a mess and were not organized to systematically cover all aspects. But he had no choice but to use them now.


“But if I were given another chance, I would still choose to take sovereign immortal fetus Gu!” Fang Yuan had no doubts about this.


Even though Fang Yuan was inside the sovereign immortal aperture, it was easily guarded and hard to attack, but he had to be wary of Chu Du seeking help from others, or setting up an immortal battlefield killer move on the icy plain.


In any case, the longer he stayed, the worse it would be.


After making up his mind, Fang Yuan had no more hesitations.


At his will, the entire immortal aperture started shaking.


The tremors were increasing in magnitude, after a while, the immortal aperture world started to shrink.


It was shrinking at an incredible speed! After an instant, Fang Yuan opened his eyes and he was already in the outside world, the northern icy plain.


There was no snow or wind.


Pale white sunlight shone on this flat icy plain.


It was still very cold.


Fang Yuan focused his mind, he looked around with a divine light in his eyes, quickly seeing Chu Du.


Domination Immortal Chu Du!


As Fang Yuan had expected, he had stayed here and did not leave.


But the unexpected thing was Chu Du’s attitude.


“Wait, please wait!” Chu Du did not attack, he smiled warmly as he spoke to Fang Yuan in a gentle tone, there was no killing intent in him.


Fang Yuan snorted: “Are you being polite after resorting to brute force?”


“I am ashamed, truly ashamed.” Chu Du admitted his mistake, he apologized: “I was too rash earlier. But after seeing your tribulation, it truly had too big of an impact on my future cultivation journey! Thus, I lost my reasoning for a moment and attacked. Now that I think about it, it was truly shameful.”


Fang Yuan looked at Chu Du vigilantly, he used many methods to probe the surrounding area.


Seeing that Fang Yuan was silent, Chu Du initiated: “Friend, I do not want to be enemies with you, I just want the method to draw out Reckless Savage’s true meaning. I hope we can make a deal.”


“Deal?” Fang Yuan’s eyes shone with brilliance, he said with a tone of consideration: “It is not impossible, as long as you can interest me with your offer.”


Joy flashed on Chu Du’s face.


But next, Fang Yuan said: “But before the transaction, we have to settle the score for your attack on me which interfered with my tribulation!”


“I will definitely satisfy you with the compensation!” Chu Du said immediately, he had an earnest attitude.


Even Fang Yuan was shocked — Was this still the Domination Immortal?


But thinking about it, Fang Yuan’s alertness towards Chu Du rose.


This person could put down his pride, he was an incredible person! Anyone who looked down on him was a terrible fool.


“If you want to compensate me, return my flying sword Immortal Gu to show your sincerity.” Fang Yuan continued to speak.




