Chapter 107: Income and Trouble


The cold snow came to an end, and refreshing breezes took its place.

Before anyone noticed, winter had already passed and spring had arrived.

The frozen mountain streams began to flow again. The icicles under the eaves and branches were sparkling and translucent, dripping water in the sunlight.

It was morning, and Fang Yuan’s wine tavern was mostly empty.

Fang Yuan sat inside at the seat near the window. He had requested that the staff set up a wooden screen around his favored spot to create a small partitioned room.

A gust of wind blew in from the window, and the fresh and fragrant scent of the earth filled the air, bringing feelings of relaxation and happiness to all who smelled it.

Jiang Ya sat opposite Fang Yuan, his face full of smiles.

“These are the primeval stones this time, please confirm it.” He took out four money bags, placing them on the table and pushing them towards Fang Yuan.

Naturally, they contained primeval stones.

Rather than opening them one by one, Fang Yuan felt their weight in his hand.

He had over a hundred years of experience making deals and transactions, so he could easily tell the number of primeval stones in his hands. One less and he could immediately tell.

It was nothing special, to be honest.

On Earth, there were stories of an oil seller who could place a coin with a hole in the middle of it on the mouth of a bottle and pour oil through it without getting a single drop on the coin. There was a tale of a sharpshooter who could hit a tree leaf every time from a hundred meters away. Some spoke of a butcher who had worked so many years that he could perfectly weigh a cut of meat in his hand, and when he placed it on the scale, it was exactly as he said.

How did one train such a skill?

As they say, “practice makes perfect”!

If experience was accumulated for long enough, it could result in something miraculous.

After his rebirth, this kind of experience naturally came with him. After Fang Yuan weighed the bags and found no problems, he took out a small cloth bag and gave it to Jiang Ya.

Jiang Ya received it with both hands and opened the bag, checking the quantity carefully.

Fang Yuan did not plan to sell Vitality Leaves himself. Dong Tu had done that to maintain his relationships and increase his influence. But Fang Yuan was reluctant to do so, as it would waste too much time and effort. Thus, he sold them all to Jiang Ya, who ran a shop, and Jiang Ya would then sell them to the clansmen.

Jiang Ya was Jiang He’s younger brother, and Fang Yuan had met him briefly at the inn back when he was searching for the Liquor Worm. As Fang Yuan had a sort of pseudo-alliance with his older brother, he could use Jiang Ya as a middleman between himself and the clan.

“One, two, three…nine. Indeed, it is nine Vitality Leaves.” Jiang Ya counted three times before closing the bag and stowing it away in a deep pocket.

Next, he raised his cup in a toast. “Lord Fang Yuan, happy doing business with you!”

His gaze towards Fang Yuan carried deep admiration, and a hint of jealousy.

Jiang Ya had first met Fang Yuan a year ago, when he was still a student at the academy. He did not even have the right to wear a Gu Master’s battle attire at the time.

But now, Fang Yuan was not only wearing battle attire, his belt was also red, with a square steel plate in the center — a rank two Gu Master!

Jiang Ya’s waist was still girded with the green belt of a rank one.

But his true jealousy came from Fang Yuan’s riches: he had gone from a pauper to a tycoon.

He owned the wine tavern, several bamboo buildings, as well as a Nine Leaf Vitality Grass. It was a fortune that Jiang Ya would never be able to earn in his lifetime!

But Jiang Ya did not dare to show his deep jealousy.

Fang Yuan sold the Vitality Leaves to him and allowed him to profit off of them. Fang Yuan was already his money tree, and Jiang Ya no longer dared to offend him.

Comparison is the thief of joy… Jiang Ya held the cup high. His face was full of smiles, but in his heart, he was sighing deeply.

Fang Yuan raised his cup and drank it in one shot.

Though Jiang Ya did his best to hide it, Fang Yuan was an old fox. How could he not tell?

He didn’t take it to heart. If Jiang Ya was not jealous, it meant that he had a great deal of ambition, and Fang Yuan would think more highly of him.

But instead he stared at Fang Yuan’s small fortune with jealousy. It showed how small his world was, how insignificant he was. Drinking with him was solely because he had some value to exploit.

Jiang Ya put down his cup, saying excitedly, “The clan’s Vitality Leaves are sold at fifty-five primeval stones apiece. I followed your instructions and only sold ours at fifty primeval stones, and the demand is overwhelming! My lord, why don’t you make more leaves every day, that way we can earn much more!”

Fang Yuan slowly shook his head. “No, creating nine leaves is already my limit, it is already wasting much of my cultivation time.”

This was the difference between Fang Yuan and a mere frog like Jiang Ya.

In Fang Yuan’s eyes, primeval stones were just a resource, a tool. It was all for his cultivation. However, Jiang Ya treated primeval stones as his life goal. He cultivated in order to earn more primeval stones.

But even if Fang Yuan only made nine leaves a day, that was still four hundred primeval stones in profit. Over time, his wealth was growing to an amazing level.

Jiang Ya did not dare to push his luck. He could only sigh in pity as he poured wine first for Fang Yuan, and then himself.

“Indeed,” he exclaimed, “my lord has such great fortune, you do not have to waste time and effort every day. Why do you remain in that poor old rented flat? Why don’t you empty out one of your bamboo buildings and stay there yourself? Marrying a beautiful wife and having seven or eight servants at your beck and call…that is truly the dream life. Hehe.”

Fang Yuan laughed lightly but didn’t reply.

How could a farmer understand the ambitions of a conqueror!

He turned around, looking outside the window.

House after house stretched before his eyes, the bamboo roofs still carrying traces of snow under the bright and beautiful light of spring. Far away, he could see a willow tree, the yellow-green leafy branches rolling and swishing in the soft spring breeze.

Fang Yuan’s eyes grew distant as he thought about his current situation.

After solving the problem with Fang Zheng, his inheritance was secure.

The White Jade Gu and Moonglow Gu were successfully refined, covering attack and defense. What came next was the Liquor Worm.

But it was quite troublesome. To refine the Four Flavors Liquor Worm, he needed a second Liquor Worm, as well as four types of wine: sweet, sour, bitter, and spicy. As mentioned before, he had no idea where to get some of those.

I definitely have to refine the Four Flavors Liquor Worm. Without it, it will take me at least twice as long to cultivate through rank two. But to refine it, I will need to wait for the caravan. I can also borrow that chance to expose my White Jade Gu. That way, I can show off my true fighting strength and stop hiding my abilities.

Fang Yuan had the Moonglow Gu and the White Jade Gu. Together with his five hundred years of combat experience, he was stronger than most rank two Gu Masters.

If he fought one-on-one against a slightly renowned group captain like the Sickly Snake, he would have the advantage.

But compared to Chi Shan, Mo Yan, and Qing Shu, Fang Yuan was still weaker.

The first reason was that his cultivation was weaker: Fang Yuan was only initial stage, while those group captains were upper or even peak stage. The second was that he lacked strong Gu worms. Fang Yuan only had two suitable for battle, but those group captains all had at least three, and even hidden trump cards.

Among his peers, Fang Zheng, Mo Bei, and Chi Cheng were beginning to show their dominance without a doubt.

Especially Fang Zheng, now that he had obtained the rank two Moon Raiment, he already possessed the ability to fight with Fang Yuan. As time passed, his cultivation would rise, and eventually, he would leave Fang Yuan in the dust.

Unless Fang Yuan could refine the Four Flavors Liquor Worm and maintain the same cultivation speed as Fang Zheng.

As for higher rank Gu Masters, forget matching them, even surviving would be difficult.

Transcending rank was very difficult. Trump cards were required to do so. “A woman cannot cook without rice”, as they say. Without strong Gu, his experience could not show its worth.

If I can successfully refine the Four Flavors Liquor Worm, my cultivation speed will be satisfactory. But I also have to round out my Gu worms. For defense, I have the White Jade Gu, for offense, I have the Moonglow Gu, and for healing, I have the Nine Leaf Vitality Grass. I still need a movement Gu and a recon Gu. Although they are supporting Gu, they will cover up my weaknesses and at least triple my fighting strength!

With his rich experience, he did not need to stumble around in the dark. He already knew what direction to take.

From beside him, Jiang Ya’s voice reached his ears. “I heard that recently, someone is finding trouble with you, my lord? They’ve been causing disturbances at your buildings and at the wine tavern?”

Fang Yuan frowned, his train of thought broken.

But Jiang Ya was right.

Fang Yuan had investigated. It was all due to his uncle Dong Tu.

Qing Shu had warned the man, and he did not dare to use Fang Zheng to instigate trouble anymore. But after a while, his indignation and anger rose to the breaking point, and he used his connections to get a few Gu Masters to cause trouble at Fang Yuan’s establishments.

People who did business hated these kinds of problems.

Thus, recently, he had been finding time to look after his properties.

“Owner, someone is finding trouble again.” At that moment, a scared-looking clerk walked over.

“Oh?” Fang Yuan’s brows rose. He hadn’t expected to encounter the problem immediately.

Jiang Ya stood up eagerly. “Wait a moment, my lord, let me go see.”

He walked out of the partition and came back almost immediately.

“It is Gu Yue Man Shi!” Jiang Ya whispered, his face pale. Shock and worry were evident in his expression.

Gu Yue Man Shi?

Fang Yuan was a careful person and knew the importance of information. During this period, he had collected information about all of the rank two Gu Masters in the clan.

Man Shi was a slightly famous Gu Master, specializing in defense and having a great strength, and was the captain of his own group. In terms of fame, he was slightly higher than Jiao San.

Bam!

The sound of a wine jar smashing on the ground came from beyond the wooden screen.

A coarse and arrogant voice resounded, “Blah, what sort of wine is this? Tastes like horseshit! You dare to sell this to me?”

“Hmph!” Fang Yuan’s gaze shone with cold light as he stood up.

