Chapter 108: Those Eyes!


Jiang Ya saw that Fang Yuan intended to go out, and hurriedly stopped him. ”Lord Fang Yuan, a wise man does not fight when the odds are against him. Man Shi is very strong, one of the few people who managed to escape with their lives from Bai Ning Bing, he cannot be underestimated.”


“He claims his defeat as glory. What is there to fear from such a person?” Fang Yuan laughed lightly, placing his hand on Jiang Ya’s shoulder. “Just sit here and drink away.”


“Lord…” Jiang Ya was about to argue, but then his eyes met Fang Yuan’s.


The ice in them stopped his heart.


He was tongue-tied, pressed back into his seat. Fang Yuan took a few strides and left the partitioned room, walking towards the main hall.


In the center of the hall, a rank two Gu Master had one foot on a stool and the other on a table.


He was a bit short, but his arms and waist were thick. His bushy black beard extended from his cheeks to his chin, giving him a strong and ferocious aura.


Nearby, there were shattered fragments of a wine jar, the liquor pooling in a few spots and seeping into the ground through the cracks between the tiles.


The old shopkeeper bowed low as he apologized. “My lord, please be appeased. If this wine is not to your satisfaction, the shop will give you another brew free of charge!”


“Hmph, I don’t want wine! Your wine tastes like shit, why are you opening a shop? Compensation, I must be compensated! You’ve ruined my good mood, you have to compensate me with at least five hundred primeval stones!” Man Shi demanded a ridiculous amount.


“This is the third time already, it seems this wine tavern has offended some people.”


“Let’s not drink here anymore.”


“Quick, let’s go, when Gu Masters fight, we mortals suffer.”


Several people frantically left their seats. Only a few Gu Masters remained and continued their discussions.


“I heard this tavern is owned by Fang Yuan, who is it that’s finding fault with him?”


“Oh! The one whose parents died and left a fortune, the lad who got rich overnight?”


“No wonder someone’s causing trouble, even I’d be jealous. Just think, we fight for our lives out there to build a stable life. But Fang Yuan is merely a newbie, by what right does he have it so easy?”


“That’s right, even if his ancestors were just trying to take care of their descendants, times have changed. The clan’s resources are limited, everyone can only get a small piece of the pie. How can he, a C grade talent, enjoy such fortune at his age? Preposterous!”


“Is Man Shi trying to anger him into a duel? If they have one, he might be able to get in on that.”


One of them shook his head. “Heh, you think those clan elders are fools?”


Another nodded. “Could be true. Haven’t you guys figured out what the clan’s policies mean after all these years? They allow us to fight and the winners benefit, doesn’t that imply that the strong should get more? If the weak cannot protect their assets, they should have to give them up. It is all for the clan’s prosperity!”


“Mm, makes sense. Let’s see first. There’s something going on here. I heard that Man Shi has a retired elder behind him,” yet another whispered.


“Who dares to leave? All of you, stand there, no one is leaving!” Man Shi suddenly shouted from his perch.


The mortal customers were already at the doorstep, but did not dare to disobey. They all stood frozen in horror. Some passersby outside saw the drama and crowded around the door, stopping to watch the show.


Purely here to find trouble! Fang Yuan’s eyes glinted at the scene.


Man Shi turned and noticed him.


“Oh? You are Fang Yuan, right? Junior, your wine tavern is cheating me with your horrible wine. However, since you are a newbie, I’ll give you a chance to repent and apologize in public. If not, others will say that I’m bullying a junior with my status. Hahaha!”


Man Shi laughed loudly. “As long as you apologize and bow to me, this matter will be over. On my name, I will do as I promised!”


He pounded his chest furiously, showing an air of magnanimity, but his intentions were obvious to everyone.


“What a dick move.”


“That’s right, If Fang Yuan really apologizes, everyone will walk all over him in the future. But if he does not apologize, that would be disrespecting a senior, and with such an attitude, the entire community will ostracize him.”


“Yeah, he’s stuck with two difficult decisions…what the fuck?!”


The Gu Masters had been whispering together, but suddenly one of them shouted, his mouth gone wide enough to swallow duck egg whole.


The other Gu Masters were in a similar state.


Their eyes bulged until they seemed about to fall out of their heads.


Some choked on their wine, coughing and spilling it everywhere.


Some stared in utter disbelief, still as statues.


They were here to watch a show, an enjoyable show.


In the end, Fang Yuan not only satisfied their wish, but also gave them a great “surprise”. He instantly flicked his wrist and threw out a moonblade.


Pew!


The moonblade of the Moonglow Gu!


The eerie blue crescent flew in the air, as large as a man’s head. It sliced through a table along its path like it was tofu, splitting it in two.


“Eh?!” Man Shi’s laughter stopped, his eyes dilating as the moonblade filled his vision.


In the blink of an eye, it was before him, illuminating every strand of his mustache with its glow.


He felt death upon him. At the very last moment, he screamed out in panic, “Monolith Gu!”


Immediately, his entire body was suffused with deep gray light. His skin transformed into stone.


But before it had fully turned, the moonblade had already hit his chest.


With a soft sound, the rock skin tore open and Man Shi’s chest was covered in a large diagonal slash. Blood poured out of the massive wound.


“Ah—!” Intense pain rushed through his nerves as Man Shi shouted out in horror, his voice full of disbelief and shock.


He had never expected Fang Yuan to attack immediately without a single word.


He dared to attack!


Inside the village, he used a Gu worm to attack a clansman?!


Even the onlookers were lost for words.


“What situation is this, is this lad crazy?!”


“Not saying a word and immediately going for a fatal attack! Isn’t he afraid of killing Man Shi and being arrested and tried by the Punishment Hall?”


“Young men are way too rash.”


“Did you guys see that moonblade? It is definitely the Moonglow Gu, to think Fang Yuan succeeded in his refinement already.”


“Fang Yuan, what are you doing?!” Man Shi stood on the square table, screaming, his face a mask of ruthless ferocity.


His muscles bulged as his entire body continued to transform into rock. His injury also shifted, but blood still poured out from it, though it had slowed somewhat.


Fang Yuan was calm as he continued walking forward. He did not talk, or rather, he did not have the intention to talk.


He sent over his reply.


Another moonblade!


Pew.


The moonblade flew across the short distance in an instant.


“You!” Man Shi had no time to talk. He raised his arms and protected his head and chest.


His limbs were covered with thick gray rock, as though he were a statue.


The moonblade hit his arms, cutting a deep wound. Fragments of stone scattered.


The strength of the moonblade caused Man Shi to stagger backwards.


His entire body was made of stone, causing his weight to rise drastically. Finally, the table under him could not bear the weight, and with a crack, it collapsed completely.


Man Shi lost his footing and fell on the ground, leaving himself wide open.


Fang Yuan walked slowly, his eyes shining with cold light. He saw his opponent’s weakness and shot another moonblade.


It tore through the air with a swoosh, cutting the wind.


Man Shi hurriedly raised his hands, but he underestimated Fang Yuan’s battle experience. Although the moonblade moved in a straight line, it was at an odd angle instead of being parallel to the ground.


Man Shi’s arms blocked half of it, but the other half hit his chest.


With another injury layered atop the first, his blood loss worsened.


“I-is he going to kill him?” The Gu Masters who had been frozen in their seats finally reacted, and they all stood up.


The mortals did not dare to make any noise. They watched in fear and anticipation.


The sight of Gu Masters killing each other triggered something that had been repressed in their hearts all along.


Man Shi breathed heavily as he tried to stand, but the intense pain of his injuries caused him to stagger and he crashed to the ground once again.


Fang Yuan walked over slowly.


Man Shi had lost a lot of blood, and his face was pale. He stared at Fang Yuan in horror. With every step, the pressure on him grew.


“Fang Yuan, you cannot kill me! If you kill me, you will be arrested by the Punishment Hall!” Man Shi tried to scramble backwards.


He was still bleeding, and his body left a bright red trail on the tiles.


The hall was silent.


Everyone was stunned by Fang Yuan’s cold aura and held their breath as they watched. Nobody felt that Man Shi was pathetic. They would not have fared any better if they were in his shoes.


Fang Yuan walked up to Man Shi, raised a leg and stomped on his chest.


The pain caused Man Shi to draw in a cold breath.


Fang Yuan continued to press down, and Man Shi began to feel immense pain, as though a wild boar were trampling him again and again.


He could not endure it any longer and he screamed. Even with his stone skin, his chest was being crushed, and blood was pouring out.


More importantly, Fang Yuan’s right hand was covered in an eerie blue moonlight, the promise of another moonblade to come.


Man Shi did not dare to move a muscle.


“Y-you cannot kill me!” His eyes widened as he barely managed to get the words out.


“I won’t kill you.” Fang Yuan spoke his first words since he had arrived.


His tone was flat, and in the dead silent wine tavern, it echoed throughout the room.


“But I can cripple you, take one of your arms, or a leg. According to the clan rules, I have to compensate you with some primeval stones and be imprisoned for some time. But what about you? You will spend the rest of your life bedridden, you will not be able to fight, and you will no longer be able to execute missions. Do you think this result is acceptable?” Fang Yuan stared down at Man Shi, sprawled on the ground.


The emotionless voice traveled into Man Shi’s ears. His heart stopped, his body shuddered.


He opened his mouth, breathing heavily, his mind becoming more chaotic. Fang Yuan’s leg was crushing him. It felt as though he was being squeezed beneath a boulder, making it difficult to breathe.


“Damn it, damn it! If I was on guard, if I was not caught off guard and injured at the start, how could he…urgh!”


Man Shi’s words halted as his eyes met Fang Yuan’s.


He lay on the ground, staring upwards.


Fang Yuan’s narrowed eyes, dark and eerie, looked down on him.


Just what sort of eyes were they?


If they were full of killing intent, Man Shi would not be afraid. However, they were filled with indifference.


It was like arrogance towards reality! Disdain for others, trampling over their lives, and the abandonment of rules!


Those eyes, those eyes…Man Shi’s pupils shrank to the size of pins as the deepest memory in his heart emerged unbidden.


His worst nightmare!


Two years ago, on a night in the bamboo forest.


A young man in white clothing was also trampling him beneath his feet.


“Damn it, god damn it! If I had refined the Monolith Gu, how could you break my defense?” Death was impending. He screamed hysterically, full of indignation.


“Oh? In that case, I shall not kill you.” The white-clothed young man’s lips curled, revealing a smile full of interest. “Go back to your village and cultivate harder. Refine the Monolith Gu and let’s have a match again. Hehehe, I hope that in the future, you can bring a tinge of excitement to my life.” The young man lifted his foot, sparing him.


Man Shi breathed roughly, still lying on the ground, dumbfounded.


He stared at the white-clothed young man in shock.


The young man looked at him like an ant, his voice full of indifference. “Why aren’t you scramming?”


Man Shi’s body shook as he hurriedly got up and made his escape.


That white-clothed young man was none other than Bai Village’s number one genius, Bai Ning Bing. Back then, he had only been rank two, but he could already kill rank three clan elders!


Man Shi’s escape made him famous.


In the two years since then, Bai Ning Bing’s face had become a blur in his memories, and he could only remember those eyes.


Eyes that looked at the world with indifference, hiding pride beyond the comprehension of mortals.


To think…


To think!


To think that in his own village, he would see those eyes!


At that moment, Man Shi’s heart was filled with terror, his indignation and anger dissipating like smoke.


Fang Yuan closely observed Man Shi’s face.


The young man was slightly shocked, not expecting Man Shi to be so cowardly.


But, nevermind…just a cowardly mouse.


Fang Yuan’s objective was achieved, and he removed his foot. “You can scram now.”


Man Shi felt like he had heard a divine mantra as he rolled over and crawled out of the tavern with a pale face.


The audience was stunned.


Fang Yuan stood there, his eyes sweeping the area.


The surrounding Gu Masters, rank one and some rank two, avoided his gaze subconsciously.


The shopkeeper and waiters were equal parts terrified and excited. Who did not want a strong backer?


Behind him, Jiang Ya was staring dumbfounded.


He heard the commotion and ran out, only to see Fang Yuan chasing away Man Shi.


That was Gu Yue Man Shi…


He was surprised beyond words, and his gaze towards Fang Yuan changed.


Jealousy had vanished.


At that moment, Jiang Ya understood why Fang Yuan had such achievements.


Because he was never the same kind of person as me!


