Chapter 109: Liquor Worm in the Treehouse


Gu Yue Man Shi was defeated by the newbie Fang Yuan!

The news spread quickly and made waves among rank two Gu Masters.

Everyone was familiar with the two main characters of this event.

Man Shi was a slightly famous rank two Gu Master who had managed to escape from Bai Ning Bing with his life; he was not to be underestimated.

And Fang Yuan was the champion of the recently-graduated students; many had witnessed his victory over Fang Zheng at the year-end exam. He had also obtained his family inheritance and become rich overnight, causing many to be green with envy.

The gap between the two was clear, but against all expectations, the weaker Fang Yuan had defeated the stronger Man Shi. Such a discrepancy caught everyone by surprise.

As more and more people continued to discuss the event, Fang Yuan’s fame also rose.

Rank two Gu Masters began to take this young junior seriously.

“He directly attacked without saying a word. Young people are too impulsive.”

“He has wealth and has also refined the Moonglow Gu, he has some ability.”

“He is a lunatic, and cruel besides. Rumor has it Man Shi had to lie in bed for three days to recover from his injuries!”

People commented on Fang Yuan.

He had taken Man Shi by surprise, inflicted a serious injury at the start, and gained a huge advantage. Many felt that he did not win honestly.

However, victory was victory, and a loss was a loss.

The result was everything.

Maybe on Earth, more people would emphasize the process instead of the results, but in this world where survival was difficult and the surroundings full of deadly dangers, victory often meant survival and defeat meant death.

The winner takes all, and the loser has to fall. Almost everyone agreed with this notion.

Fang Yuan had won; it was a fact, no matter how he did it.

A newbie had sprung up by trampling Man Shi, and everyone had taken notice.

Man Shi had become a stepping stone, his reputation destroyed. Once he recovered, he would resign from his position as captain of his group.

That was the fate of a loser.

Close relatives would sympathize with the losers, but they respected and acknowledged the winners even more. Winners represented strength, and strength meant security.

After this event, Dong Tu sensibly stopped his dirty tricks.

Man Shi stepping down had finally made Fang Yuan’s astute uncle aware of reality. Fang Yuan’s growth made him feel helpless, resentful, and indignant.

He knew now that he had no chance of seizing the inheritance. Continuing was meaningless.

He had used his connections and employed other people to make trouble for Fang Yuan; this consumed his primeval stones. If the stalemate continued, even if he had many primeval stones at the moment, the ultimate loser would definitely be him.

He had lost the bamboo houses, wine tavern, and Nine Leaf Vitality Grass; he was now without any source of income and anything he spent would be difficult to replenish. In contrast, Fang Yuan lacked primeval stones, but he was making more every day.

Ultimately, Fang Yuan’s uncle had realized that the stalemate wouldn’t benefit him at all. He stopped trying after Man Shi’s loss.

In fact, when Fang Zheng had failed to create trouble for Fang Yuan, it had already signified Dong Tu’s defeat.

With this, Fang Yuan’s wine tavern’s business returned to normal.

There was another joyous matter: the caravan would be coming early.

•••

In March.

In the bright and beautiful spring sunshine, the airy song of spring spread, lively and cheerful.

With the warmth of spring, flowers bloomed and grasses flourished.

Qing Mao Mountain was a vista of green as far as the eye could see. Wildflowers blossomed on the sunny hills, forming a gorgeous sea of colors. The gurgling river surged up like a flame and tangled with the sunshine.

Newborn dragonpill crickets came out of their eggs and filled the night with their lively cries.

During the day, large flocks of colorful peacock parrots hovered in the air, chirping and twittering.

The warm spring spread its favor and kindness, letting all living things grow in brilliance.

In the midst of all this, a caravan was slowly making its way to Qing Mao Mountain.

A fat beetle worm slid forward, its back filled with people and goods.

Proud ostrickens with brightly-colored feathers were pulling handcarts. Hairy mountain spiders scampered over all sorts of rough terrain with ease, and winged snakes slithered along, occasionally opening their wings to fly short distances.

A Treasure Brass Toad was leading the caravan. It was two and half meters tall, its entire body covered in warty orange-yellow skin. On its back was the rank four Gu Master, Jia Fu.

After the caravan had settled into the village, Fang Yuan sighed internally. It changed again. In my previous memories, this caravan should have arrived in summer. In previous years as well, it would always come in summer. But instead, it has come a few months early, and at a larger scale to boot.

Fang Yuan’s rebirth had changed both his current situation and his surroundings, causing the future to change.

The root cause should be the death of Jia Jin Sheng.

Fang Yuan had deceived everyone, so Jia Fu mistakenly believed Jia Jin Sheng’s death was a conspiracy by his rival, Jia Gui.

After Jia Fu returned to the clan, he had taken radical steps, which made the competition between them more intense.

To strive for exceptional achievements, the Jia brothers rushed out even before the snow had completely melted, leading their caravans to peddle their goods everywhere.

The clan leader Gu Yue Bo received Jia Fu.

“Brother Gu Yue, I trust you have been well?” Jia Fu was full of smiles and warmth, but there was a long scar on his face that hadn’t been there last time.

“Hahaha, Brother Jia Fu, you are quite early this year.” Gu Yue Bo looked at the scar on the merchant’s face. His heart jolted, but he didn’t ask about it.

“The early bird gets the worm. This time, I have brought many precious goods, and I believe the noble Gu Yue clan will have need of them.” Jia Fu had put forth all his effort this time to fight for better achievements.

“Yes, this is good news.” Gu Yue Bo’s eyes flashed. “It just so happens that the day after tomorrow is our clan’s Awakening Ceremony, and I would like to invite you to attend it.”

“Haha, it is my honor to be able to witness the prosperity of the Gu Yue Clan,” Jia Fu replied, cupping his fist.

As an outsider, being invited to watch the Awakening Ceremony meant the clan was treating him as an honored guest. Jia Fu could deeply feel Gu Yue Bo’s sincerity.

“Ah, Brother, there is one other thing.” Jia Fu hesitated.

“You have come from afar, so if you have any requests, please speak them. We will definitely do our best to fulfill them,” Gu Yue Bo said.

Jia Fu sighed. “Ah, it is regarding Jia Jin Sheng. I specially brought a few investigation experts from the clan, and I hope that you can accommodate them during their search.”

Gu Yue Bo immediately revealed a look of understanding.

Apparently, Jia Jin Sheng’s death had caused Jia Fu to fall into an awkward and passive situation in the competition for his family’s assets. Rumors said that after returning to the clan, Jia Fu had squabbled with Jia Gui in public and the situation had erupted into an intense fight. The scar on his face could very well be a remnant of that fight.

It was no wonder he had rushed over at the start of spring; he had a lot of pressure on his shoulders.

•••

Fang Yuan was strolling around tents and street stalls.

The scale of this year’s caravan was much bigger than any of the previous years. Not only were there more tents, there was also a Gu house.

Gu houses were usually limited to larger caravans, and they would have two or three of them. Jia Fu’s caravan was middling at best, but they had brought one this time.

This Gu house was a large tree.

It was eighteen meters tall, towering over the surroundings. Its roots and branches were twisted like the tangling of dragons and snakes.

The diameter of the trunk at the base was ten meters, decreasing marginally as it went up. The brown trunk was hollow inside, forming a three-story building.

There were windows on the trunk. Sunlight and fresh air passed through them and into the different floors.

The trunk had few branches and leaves; only at the treetop was it verdant and lush. The spring wind rustled through the foliage.

This was the most common type of Gu house: the rank three plant Gu known as the Three Star Cave[1].

It could grow to this massive size in mere moments once primeval essence was poured into it.

The enormous tree rose above the surrounding tents like a crane among a flock of chickens.

At the base of the enormous tree, there was a large double-door entrance.

Fang Yuan followed the stream of people and walked into the enormous tree.

The three floors of the tree had been made into stores. There were rows of counters inside, and on them were displayed all kinds of Gu worms.

The counters were formed from the growth of the tree. On top of growing green leaves and branches, the Gu Master who grew the tree could change the interior as they wished.

Apart from these counters, there were stools and benches for the customers to rest upon.

A rank three support Gu Master was constantly operating and monitoring the situation from somewhere in this enormous tree.

If someone snatched the Gu worms on the counters, the monitoring Gu Master could immediately close the doors and imprison the thief. They could grow countless branches to attack them, and at the same time, the security Gu Masters stationed in the tree would also make their moves.

The treehouse was much more secure than the tents, so the goods sold inside were more precious.

Fang Yuan had just entered the first floor when he saw a lone counter in the middle. On it was a Liquor Worm.

Many Gu Masters stood around this Liquor Worm, assessing it. Some clicked their tongues in admiration.

Fang Yuan’s eyes swept over the room. The other counters also displayed many precious Gu worms.

There were Jade Skin Gu, Whirlwind Gu, Stone Scar Gu, and so on.

All these Gu worms were compatible with the Moonlight Gu and could be refined into higher rank Gu worms.

Jia Fu didn’t know the Gu Yue Clan’s refinement recipes, but with his many years of business experience, he knew which Gu worms had greater demand in each clan where he did business.

Naturally, Jia Fu’s caravan isn’t just targeting Gu Yue Village, he really is making an all-out effort this time. It seems he was thoroughly provoked when he returned to his clan. Fang Yuan’s heart was moved at the sight.

* * *

[1]. Likely a reference to the Three Stars mansion of the Chinese constellations. Could also refer to the Sanxing, the three gods of fortune, prosperity, and longevity.

