Chapter 1095: Ample Preparation


An hour later.


The desolate beast snow monster only had its head left after Fang Yuan’s attacks.


Roar!


Even with just its head left, the snow monster’s fierceness did not drop, it growled at Fang Yuan, spitting out icy wind.


Snow monsters were different from ordinary desolate beasts, they were formed from snow and ice, they were like cloud beasts, blood beasts, or mud monsters.


Fang Yuan controlled the strength path immortal zombie, he snorted as he stood in front of the snow monster’s head, his hand was placed on top of the snow monster’s head.


At once, a thin layer of ice covered the strength path immortal zombie’s hand.


Fang Yuan ignored it, he activated a huge amount of self will Gu.


Self will surged like a tidal wave, flowing into the snow monster’s head.


The snow monster’s head was full of heaven’s will.


Fang Yuan’s self will entered and fought with heaven’s will, it was like the clash of fire and water, they were irreconcilably opposed to one another.




There was little heaven’s will, but the self will was unceasing.


In a while, the heaven’s will lost and was completely wiped out by the self will.


Bam.


At the crucial moment, the snow monster’s head exploded.


A large amount of snow and ice scattered everywhere.


The strength path immortal zombie Fang Yuan was controlling immediately was buried in snow.


However, the explosion before dying had no destructive power. Soon, Fang Yuan manipulated the strength path immortal zombie to come out of the snow unscathed.


But his expression was quite dark.


“Even if I use self will and get rid of heaven’s will, the result would be that the snow monster self-detonates, it cannot be subdued?”


“But even if I could subdue it, I spent hundreds of self will Gu to cleanse just one snow monster’s head, the cost is too high.”




Self will Gu was only a mortal Gu, but it was rank five.


Furthermore, the self will Gu was not refined by Fang Yuan, he had asked the hairy man Gu Immortals to refine by paying contribution points. Because of this, the cost was higher to Fang Yuan.


And most crucially, it costed his time.


Fang Yuan had to injure a desolate beast snow monster, forcing it to be unable to move or resist him, before he could flood it with self will and get rid of the heaven’s will.


One desolate beast snow monster might not take long, but Fang Yuan had so many snow monsters in Mini Northern Plains.


With a greater number, the time needed would increase, his second earthly calamity was coming, Fang Yuan could not do this.


“Actually, even if I enslave the desolate beast snow monsters and sell them, it is dangerous.”


“Back then, one of the first split souls of Shadow Sect, the Gu Immortal named Green, had researched the life-and-death immortal aperture in Earth Trench’s super Gu formation. A huge explosion occurred during his research, countless immortal materials were infested with heaven’s will, Green avoided them like the plague. Because of that, he threw these immortal materials away. This firm attitude of his shows a huge problem.”


“If I truly sell these snow monsters filled with heaven’s will, there might be horrible series of consequences.”


After his attempt failed, Fang Yuan could only continue his previous plan to kill these snow monsters.


He had to kill these snow monsters completely before the second earthly calamity. He even had to cleanse all of the heaven’s will here, not a trace could be left.


Ordinary snow monsters were cannon fodder, Fang Yuan could easily kill them, it was not a problem.


But desolate beast snow monsters were harder to deal with, he had to spend some time. As for ancient snow monsters, they were even more troublesome.


Fang Yuan started to miss flying sword Immortal Gu.


With flying sword Immortal Gu as the core, the immortal killer move sword marks targeting death was extremely effectively in dealing with ancient snow monsters. Triple layered sword wave was an attack with wide range, it was too wasteful to use against a single ancient snow monster.


And using triple layered sword wave had a huge cost.


Thankfully, Fang Yuan regained his strength path Immortal Gu, he could use the killer move myriad self once again.


Strength path had few requirements for primeval essence and immortal essence, myriad self first style, giant hand required much less immortal essence to activate than triple layered sword wave.


In the following period of time, Fang Yuan used his strength path giant hands to eliminate these ancient snow monsters and desolate beast snow monsters.


He first used beast enslavement Immortal Gu to try and enslave a snow monster.


After failing, the snow monster would be angered and fall into a frenzied state, pursing Fang Yuan endlessly.


Fang Yuan immediately retreated, luring this snow monster away, before using strength path giant hands to kill them.


This way, the other snow monsters would not be alerted.


Earlier, when Fang Yuan attacked, the snow monsters would gather into groups, but now was different, the efficiency was higher.


After enslavement path methods failed, the target would feel great hatred towards the Gu Master. Fang Yuan made full use of this.


Earlier, Fang Yuan had tried other methods, but mortal enslavement path methods were too weak, and some wisdom path methods were useless due to heaven’s will.


Thus, the beast enslavement Immortal Gu that Fang Yuan borrowed was not useless after all.


Days passed, less than thirty percent of the snow monsters were left. But there was less than ten days until the second earthly calamity.


Fang Yuan manipulated the strength path immortal zombie, coming to Mini Southern Border in the immortal aperture.


At a particular location, Fang Yuan’s original immortal zombie body was placed.


“Even though I have my original immortal zombie body, I can only look at it, I cannot use it.” Fang Yuan sighed, mobilizing self will Gu as he placed his formation.


After some time, a Gu formation using hundreds of self will Gu as the core was created.


This Gu formation was mainly for sealing.


Fang Yuan obtained the method of setting up this formation from Shadow Sect.


Using a large number of self will Gu to seal heaven’s will.


The super Gu formations that Shadow Sect had in all five regions used this method.


After inspecting it, and confirming there were no problems, Fang Yuan let out a sigh.


Fang Yuan’s immortal zombie body was at the center of the Gu formation, the Gu formation had completely sealed the Spring Autumn Cicada inside.


Spring Autumn Cicada had originally been sealed by one of Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals, Wei Ling Yang. Ying Wu Xie was unable to activate Spring Autumn Cicada and start again. Thus, he was trapped in Central Continent and could only trade with Fang Yuan.


During the transactions, Ying Wu Xie returned Fang Yuan’s immortal zombie body as well as Spring Autumn Cicada.


After obtaining it, Fang Yuan realized that Spring Autumn Cicada was still sealed, it could not even consume the water of the River of Time. It was weakening, on the verge of dying.


Fang Yuan had tried many methods but this seal was very powerful, he could not even obtain any information about it. Without other options, he could only give up on this.


Not long ago, the method of the rank eight restriction path Gu Immortal, Wei Ling Yang, seemed to have worn out. Spring Autumn Cicada’s seal was lifted, Fang Yuan knew that heaven’s will was hidden inside it, only refinement path methods could remove it.


Fang Yuan did not dare to place this immortal zombie body outside. Storing it inside his own immortal aperture was safest.


But Fang Yuan was afraid that during the second earthly calamity, the heaven’s will inside Spring Autumn Cicada would coordinate with the calamity. Thus, he set up this Gu formation, sealing heaven’s will and preventing this threat from occurring.


Three more days passed, the snow monsters were completely eliminated from Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture.


Next, he used self will to cleanse all of the heaven’s will.


For this, Fang Yuan paid a huge price. Even though giant hand had a low cost, using it so many times meant his consumption was still very high.


Right now, Fang Yuan did not have much immortal essence or immortal essence stones.


Because treasure yellow heaven closed, even though Fang Yuan had a lot of resources, he could not sell them. His Lang Ya Sect contribution points were also dwindling.


Even though Fang Yuan could earn more from teaching the hairy man Gu Immortals combat techniques, Lang Ya land spirit was making his own plans, he reduced the rewards of these missions while raising the reward of the falling star hound mission.


“Treasure yellow heaven… treasure yellow heaven… when are you going to open?”


Fang Yuan waited for the opening of treasure yellow heaven as he prepared for his second tribulation.


There were five days until his second earthly calamity, Fang Yuan cleansed all of the heaven’s will inside, before going to Dang Hun Mountain.


Using myriad self and other methods, he completely altered the appearance of Dang Hun Mountain.


Next, using pulling mountain Immortal Gu, he moved Dang Hun Mountain into his sovereign immortal aperture.


Earlier, Fang Yuan did not have Landscape as Before, he did not dare to do this, but now his worry was lessened greatly.


Such a commotion caused Lang Ya land spirit to show up.


He asked nervously: “Elder Fang Yuan, what are you doing?”


He was worried, because Dang Hun Mountain belonged to Fang Yuan, it was not like Luo Po Valley. If Fang Yuan wanted to bring it away, he could not stop him.


Fang Yuan had a glib tongue, he gave an excuse of his that was prepared long ago, saying he was going to leave Lang Ya blessed land for some time.


Lang Ya land spirit believed what he said, he wanted Fang Yuan to exterminate the falling star hound, but instead, he was going to leave with Dang Hun Mountain.


Lang Ya land spirit was very worried.


Fang Yuan used this chance to exchange all of his sect contribution points, he even used wisdom Gu as collateral to borrow a lot of Immortal Gu from Lang Ya land spirit, and large amounts of immortal essence stones.


He finally replenished his green grape immortal essence!


Regretfully, up until Fang Yuan left Lang Ya blessed land, treasure yellow heaven did not open.


Fang Yuan sighed, choosing to move a portion of the resources in his immortal aperture to Lang Ya blessed land for safekeeping.


“So much resources? It seems that you are very skilled in managing an immortal aperture.” Lang Ya land spirit was a bit surprised at the amount of resources Fang Yuan had.


But in fact, this was only a small portion, it was not even thirty percent.


Fang Yuan was not going to move out all of his resources, Lang Ya land spirit was not a fool, he would be suspicious of Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture.


With half a day until the earthly calamity descended, Fang Yuan used the transportation Gu formation to go to the northern icy plain.


Even though the northern icy plain was created by Reckless Savage Demon Venerable, and had lots of Reckless Savage’s true meaning, heaven’s will still existed here.


Thus, Fang Yuan did not come here far in advance.


The icy plain was huge, Fang Yuan casually chose a direction and picked a spot to place his immortal aperture.


What would the second earthly calamity be?


No matter what it was, the second earthly calamity’s might would surely be greater than the first.


Fang Yuan waited for it vigilantly!




