Chapter 11: Mere Entrapment


Fang Yuan frowned slightly. Based on intuition and experience, he could smell a conspiracy.

His eyes flashed and he relaxed his brows. “I’m a little hungry right now, you came at the right time. Come in.”

Outside the door, Shen Cui smiled coldly as she heard his reply. But when she pushed open the door, she showed a gentle and meek expression.

“Young Master Fang Yuan, the food and wine smell delicious, even through the box.” Her voice was sweet and had a hint of longing and flattery. She put the food box on the small table and took out the dishes, arranging them nicely. The food was indeed very fragrant and tasty. After that she took out two wine cups and poured the wine.

“Come, Young Master, sit down. Your servant mustered her courage today. I want to accompany you for a drink.” She smiled like a flower, walking to Fang Yuan’s side. Boldly, she took him by the hand and pulled him over to sit at the chair by the table.

Then she sat on his thigh and leaned her gentle body against Fang Yuan’s chest, acting like a timid and lovable woman as she whispered in his ear. “Young Master Fang Yuan, your servant has always liked you. It doesn’t matter what grade you are, I will always wish to be beside you, rely on you, and comfort you. Tonight your servant would like to give her body to you.”

She had really dressed up today.

She had put on rouge, her lips red as cherries. When she whispered in his ear, Fang Yuan felt her young and delicate breath tease his ear. Because she was sitting on his lap, Fang Yuan could feel her well-shaped figure easily. Her elastic thighs, her slender little waist, and her soft chest.

“Young Master, let me give you wine myself.” Shen Cui picked up the wine cup, raising her head and taking a sip. Then, her eyes fixed on Fang Yuan, her small cherry lips a little opened, she slowly leaned over to his mouth.

Fang Yuan’s expression was indifferent, as if what was on his lap was not a young maiden, but a statue.

When she saw Fang Yuan’s expression, Shen Cui felt a little uneasy at first. But when her lips were just an inch away from his, she was assured, and sneered in her heart. You’re still pretending.

At that moment, Fang Yuan scoffed in disdain. “So their method is mere entrapment.”

Shen Cui’s face became stiff and she swallowed the wine in her mouth and pretended to be angry. “Young Master Fang Yuan, what are you saying…”

Fang Yuan’s eyes shone with cold light. He stared into Shen Cui’s eyes, placed his right hand on her snowy white neck at the same time, and slowly tightened his grip. Shen Cui’s pupils shrank and her voice was full of panic. “Young Master, you’re hurting me.”

Fang Yuan did not answer, but his hold on her neck grew stronger.

“Young Master Fang Yuan, your servant is a little scared!” Shen Cui already had difficulty breathing; she was looking flustered. Her hands subconsciously grasped at Fang Yuan’s, trying to pry his hand apart. But Fang Yuan’s grip was like iron, and she couldn’t do it.

“Looks like Uncle and Aunt told you to seduce me and frame me? This must mean that there are already people arranged downstairs, huh.” Fang Yuan laughed coldly. “But who do you think you are, coming to use such tactics on me? With these piles of rotten meat?”

As he spoke, his left hand climbed up her chest and ruthlessly grabbed her soft breasts, her flesh deforming under his grasp.

Shen Cui’s eyes went wide.

The pain was so great that her eyes were full of tears. She wanted to scream, but Fang Yuan gripped her throat so strongly that in the end she could only let out a whimper. Then she started flailing and struggling. She really was going to suffocate!

But at that moment, Fang Yuan slowly relaxed his grip.

Shen Cui immediately opened her mouth and gulped in air greedily. Her breaths were too eager, and she coughed violently. Fang Yuan laughed lightly, stretching out his palm. He gently stroked her cheek, his tone carefree as he spoke. “Shen Cui, do you think I can kill you, or not?”

If Fang Yuan roared at her and flew into a rage, Shen Cui might actually fiercely retaliate. But when Fang Yuan smiled and spoke softly, Shen Cui felt a deep fear from the bottom of her heart.

She was scared!

She looked at Fang Yuan with terror on her face, seeing the young man’s smiling gaze.

At that moment, Shen Cui vowed to herself that she would never forget his eyes for the rest of her life. Those eyes did not contain the slightest emotion. Dark and profound, they resembled nothing more than a fathomless ancient pool concealing a horrifying beast.

Under those eyes, Shen Cui felt like she was naked in the midst of ice and snow!

The person before me definitely dares to kill me, is able to kill me…

Oh heavens! Why did I provoke this devil?!

Shen Cui’s heart was full of remorse. At that moment, she longed to turn and flee. But right now she was still on his lap; she did not dare to run away, did not dare to do anything at all.

The muscles on her entire body were tense, her gentle form trembling. Her face was as pale as paper and she could not utter a single word.

“Since you have served me for so many years, I won’t kill you this time. If you want to escape from slavery, go and find my little brother, he’s stupid and naive.” Fang Yuan’s smile faded as he patted her cheek, his tone plain as water.

With a sigh, he finally said—

“You can leave.”

Shen Cui was as mute and stiff as a piece of wood as she walked out obediently. She was scared out of her wits, and did not know how she escaped the devil called Fang Yuan.

The men hidden in the shadows looked confused when they saw Shen Cui come out looking so shaken.

They actually arranged such a beautiful trap, it’s even more innovative than my previous life. Hehe, Aunt and Uncle, this kindness of yours, I will remember it deeply!

Not long after Shen Cui left, Fang Yuan stood up and left as well. No matter what, he could not stay at this house anymore. A wise man mitigates the risks he has foreseen, let alone a devil. Only a fool would put themselves in danger when they lacked sufficient strength.

“Innkeeper, do you have any rooms available?” Fang Yuan came to the only inn in the village and asked for the price.

“Yes, yes. There is room on the second floor and third floor. Not only is it cheap, the rooms are also tidy and clean. The first floor is the dining hall; guests of the inn can come here and eat. There is also a service for asking the inn workers to bring food to your room.” The innkeeper was full of hospitality as he entertained Fang Yuan.

This inn was the only one in the village, but the business was not very good. In fact it was somewhat deserted. Only when the annual merchant caravan came by to trade would the inn be full of people.

Fang Yuan was a little hungry, so he passed two full primeval stones to the innkeeper. “Give me a good room for me to stay in, and prepare two jars of wine and a few different dishes, then return me any excess balance.”

“Done.” The innkeeper took the two primeval stones and asked, “Would you like to eat in your room, or dine in the hall?”

Fang Yuan looked at the sky. The rain had stopped and it was nearing evening. He could simply eat in the lobby and set out straight for the outskirts of the village when he was done, continuing his search for the Flower Wine Monk’s treasure. “I’ll eat in the hall.”

The inn’s dining hall had a dozen square tables, with four long benches surrounding each table. In between the tables were massive support pillars. The floor was covered with large marble tiles, but they were a bit damp; it was hard to manage the mountain’s humidity.

There were three occupied tables. By the window, an old man sat alone, drinking wine and gazing outside at the sunset. In the middle of the hall, a group of hunters were seated. They were discussing their hunting experiences in loud voices, and at their feet was a pile of different kinds of mountain prey, like pheasants and hares.

In another corner was a table with two young people who seemed to be talking about something in secret. Their figures were hidden in the darkness; it was hard to make them out, and harder to know their gender.

Fang Yuan decided to sit by the table nearest to the door. Soon after, his meal was laid out before him.

With my C grade talent, I will need to borrow primeval stones if I want to refine my Moonlight Gu. If my luck is good and this Moonlight Gu does not have a strong will, I will only need five stones. But if it is stubborn, I’ll probably need at least eight.

Gu were living creatures, so it was natural for them to have the will to survive.

Some had strong wills and would always fight against the refinement process. Some had weak wills, and they would not resist at all. In that case, the refinement would become relaxing.

Right now I only have six primeval stones on me, but I gave two to the innkeeper so I’m left with four. There’s not enough.

In this world, primeval stones were very valuable. A normal family of three would spend at most one stone in a month. But when it came to a Gu Master, the consumption of primeval stones was greater. Take Fang Yuan for example; just to refine a single Gu, he would need an average of seven primeval stones. And that was just for a Moonlight Gu. If he really did find the Liquor Worm, then to refine it with Fang Yuan’s talent, he would need at least a dozen more!

In other words, right now my situation is this — even if I find the Liquor Worm, I don’t necessarily have the primeval stones to refine it. However, I still need to search for it, because there is a good possibility that the Flower Wine Monk’s treasure has an abundance of primeval stones.

This was not a difficult deduction. The Flower Wine Monk was a rank five Gu Master, after all. For such a famous and capable warrior of the demonic path, how could he not have primeval stones, which were so important for a Gu Master’s cultivation?

