Chapter 110: Old Woman, You’re Far Too Tender!


“Liquor Worm…” Fang Yuan lightly muttered, walking to the side of the center reception desk.


He only needed this Liquor Worm, along with four different types of wines, to refine the Four Flavors Liquor Worm. Of course, there would still be a chance of failure.


But if Fang Yuan didn’t have a second Liquor Worm, he couldn’t even try.


That was life, after all, hard work did not guarantee results or success. But if one did not work hard, they were destined to fail.


The same was true of the demonic path. Demonic cultivators were good at clearing obstacles in their way and bravely advancing. To most people in the world, they were seen as risk-takers with extreme personalities.


I was still worried earlier as to where to find a second Liquor Worm. To think that fate sent one right to my doorstep. How can I give up with the opportunity right in front of me? I must get this Liquor Worm! Fang Yuan’s eyes shone with determination.


If I were rank four or five with strong Gu worms, I would have the strength to take it without a thought, slaying gods and buddhas in my way! If I were rank three or four, I could still steal it without anyone noticing. Unfortunately, I’m merely rank two, and initial stage at that…


Fang Yuan sighed in his heart. I can only purchase it fair and square.


He looked at the price on the counter.


‘Liquor Worm — five hundred primeval stones.’


The Liquor Worm’s normal price was five hundred and eighty primeval stones. The price here was actually cheaper than usual.


But if Fang Yuan really thought that he could get it for that much, then his five hundred years of living would have been in vain.


The low initial price was just to attract customers and stimulate their desire to buy it.


“Grandma, this Liquor Worm is only five hundred primeval stones!” a young girl walking by shouted in shock.


Her eyes were glowing as she shook her grandmother’s hand. “Grandma, tomorrow is the Awakening Ceremony. Didn’t you promise to give me a present? Why don’t you get me this Liquor Worm?”


The young girl’s grandmother had a white waist belt, and on it there was a square silver piece with the number “3” engraved on it.


Once a Gu Master reached rank three, they automatically became a clan elder.


But of course, there were differences between elders. A few of them were in powerful and influential positions, while the rest were not, controlling departments with little in the way of profit.


But this rank three elder was not one of those weak ones.


Gu Yue Yao Ji… Fang Yuan recognized her immediately. She was the Medicine Hall Elder. The Medicine Hall was the center of the clan’s logistics network, and could be said to be the most lucrative department. Yao Ji had very great influence due to her seniority. Even when speaking with the clan leader, she did not need to pay respects or stand. She was the number one healing Gu Master in the clan and had saved the lives of many clan elders, and thus her social network was quite strong.


“Alright, alright. If my obedient granddaughter wants it, Grandma will buy it for you,” she said, sighing helplessly, though her face held a kindly smile. The old woman’s skin was full of wrinkles, and she was hunched over with age and held a walking cane in one hand.


“Grandma is the best, I knew you loved me the most.” The young girl happily grabbed Yao Ji, joyfully planting a kiss on her grandma’s cheek.


“Then Grandma, let’s call the shop assistant and buy this Liquor Worm immediately!”


Yao Ji shook her head, “My lovely granddaughter, that’s not how you buy Gu here. Let Grandma teach you. You see that stack of paper and pens over at the counter?”


The young girl nodded.


“Go get a piece of paper and a pen and write down how much you want to pay to get the Liquor Worm. After that, stuff it into the hole at the end of the counter. If your price was the highest among everyone who submitted a bid, this Liquor Worm will belong to you.”


“So that’s it, very interesting.” The young girl took a piece of bamboo paper and held a pen, but hesitated to write anything down.


Her eyebrows scrunched up as she thought hard for a moment. Finally, she turned, pouting, to her grandmother. “Grandma, what price would be appropriate? If I set it too low, other people will get the Liquor Worm, but if I set it too high, I would be making a loss.”


Yao Ji laughed, teasing her. “How can it be so easy to buy a Liquor Worm? Let’s see your luck…”


“Grandma!” The young girl said coquettishly, hugging and shaking Yao Ji’s arm.


“Alright, alright, stop swinging, my body is going to collapse.” The old woman sighed. “Grandma will fill it for you.”


The young girl quickly jumped up. “I knew it, Grandma is the best!”


Yao Ji wrote her name and a price as the young girl watched in anticipation.


After she had finished, she folded up the paper and handed it to her granddaughter. “Go, put it in.”


The young girl obediently took the paper and stuffed it into the hole at the end of the counter.


She returned to her grandmother’s side, feeling uncertain. “Grandma, will we win?”


The old woman nodded. “It should be fine. Life is hard to predict, and someone might bid more. But if they did, it would be too much, and the buyer would be a fool. Don’t worry, this Liquor Worm is in the bag.”


“Oh.” The young girl nodded with a cute expression.


“Let’s go. Come, accompany Grandma upstairs to look around.”


“Okay.”


•••


Seeing them leave, Fang Yuan’s eyes shone with severity.


Gu Yue Yao Ji was a tough opponent, not to be underestimated.


But Fang Yuan had already anticipated and prepared for such a situation.


The Liquor Worm was precious. Although it was only usable for rank one Gu Masters, it was still incredibly useful for them.


Its only flaw was that it did not have good prospects in the future.


According to common knowledge, the Liquor Worm could only be used as a refinement ingredient, and whatever new Gu worm was created would not have the ability to refine primeval essence.


It was too much of a waste. In fact, it was not worth it at all. Most clans in possession of Liquor Worms would keep them at the academy and allow students to take turns using them.


If Fang Yuan exposed his advancement recipe, the Liquor Worm’s market value would rise drastically.


It is not easy to get this Liquor Worm. Yao Ji is only one of my competitors, who knows how many others have submitted their bids.


The Liquor Worm was a good thing, and people naturally wanted good things.


But there were multiple types of competitors. Some were sincerely trying to buy it, while others were just trying their luck. Some were affluent, like Yao Ji, while others were poorer, like Fang Yuan.


Luckily, I got my inheritance recently. I’ve been selling Vitality Leaves, and there is also the income from the wine tavern and the rentals. If I did not have savings from these, I couldn’t even try for it.


But he had too little time to save up. On the one hand, he had a lot of Gu worms to feed, and on the other, his fortune couldn’t compare with an old and influential elder like Yao Ji.


“Damn, it’s over. Lady Yao Ji just tossed in a bid.”


“I saw it too, it seems I’m not fated to have this Liquor Worm.”


The Gu Masters surrounding this counter all left, dejected.


Only Fang Yuan still stood there.


His eyes were like an abyssal river, shining with cold light.


The other Gu Masters were scared off by Yao Ji’s aura and backed out of their own accord. But how could Fang Yuan be discouraged?


Sometimes opportunities are right in front of someone, and they still choose to give up. I still have a chance! Fang Yuan fell into deep thought.


In terms of wealth, Fang Yuan was not her match.


Even so…


That did not mean her bid would definitely be higher than his!


Even though the Liquor Worm was precious, it was still a rank one Gu worm. The price of any commodity would fluctuate, but it definitely would not rise or fall beyond a certain limit. Thus, all price deviations had a range.


The crucial point now was, what did Yao Ji bid?


She did not lack money. For the sake of spoiling her granddaughter, how much was she willing to pay?


As long as his bid was higher, even by a single primeval stone, he would win.


It was a different kind of battle! The strong might not necessarily win, and the weak might not necessarily lose. Guessing and gambling made the fight much more exciting.


Other people might not be able to guess accurately. Yao Ji, were some of your words earlier to try and scare away competitors? But in front of me, you are still too tender! Fang Yuan’s lips curled into a confident smirk.


In this world, transactions were actually very interesting.


If it was on Earth, the seller would definitely put rare Gu like the Liquor Worm up for auction.


But in this world, auctions did not work well.


An important reason was that kinship was valued quite highly, as well as the cohesion of the clan.


If an auction was held, the clan’s members would have a subconscious animosity towards outsiders like Jia Fu.


Once the auction items were priced too highly, they would step out of the competition, or they would use negotiation, compromises, and other exchanges with their fellow clansmen outside of the structure of the auction.


In this world, people shared an important viewpoint: losing within the family was okay, but an outsider profiting from it was an insult to the entire clan!


There were exceptions where auctions were still held, such as when a few clans participated at once. In that case, there would be plenty of competition and rivalry.


But such auctions were hard to conduct, because transportation was inconvenient.


Transportation was the basis of trade, and if it was hard to travel, then business and trade would dwindle. Because in trade, it was the movement of commodities that mattered.


Villages in the Southern Border were relatively isolated. The roads that connected them were rough, full of wild beasts, harsh terrain, poor weather, and even dangerous wild Gu. “Difficult” didn’t even begin to describe it.


The difficulty of moving about made it hard for different clans to come together for an auction.


Even at Qing Mao Mountain, with its three clans, Jia Fu did not dare to organize an auction.


Firstly, where would it be held? It wasn’t safe in the wild, and if it were held in one of the villages, the other two clans would not feel safe.


Jia Fu was only rank four, and the heads of the other three villages were also rank four. He wasn’t strong enough to keep things orderly. Compared to Earth, trade here was not developed and had its own rules.


In his previous life, Fang Yuan had used his understanding of business and enterprise from Earth to both make and lose a lot of money. After much blood and sweat, he built true knowledge out of his experiences.


With his knowledge from Earth and practical experience in his previous life, Fang Yuan could say without bragging that he was one of the most knowledgeable people about business in this entire world.


A mere old woman who has lived on Qing Mao Mountain her whole life dares to challenge me in a battle for the Liquor Worm?


Old woman, you’re far too tender!


