Chapter 1101: Two True Inheritances


“With Hei tribe’s current situation, should I interfere?” Fang Yuan thought about it, there was much he could do here.


Even though Hei tribe was a super force, part of the Huang Jin family, they were weak among the super forces of Northern Plains. Moreover, they were besieged on all fronts now, they were facing the entire Northern Plains Gu Immortal world!


The outcome was obvious, Hei tribe was going down in flames.


Even if they were unwilling to give in, how could one tribe resist the entire Gu Immortal world?


Unless they had a rank eight Gu Immortal to defend them, but Hei tribe did not have such a person.


Hei tribe’s top four supreme elders could form the ancient battle formation Green City Rampage and had battle strength that could contest with that of a rank eight to an extent. But this was the only trump card that Hei tribe had.


Fang Yuan became more enticed as he thought about it. To him, the situation was a mess now, everyone wanted to gain profits from Hei tribe, in this situation, he could definitely gain something.


Don’t forget, Fang Yuan had a huge advantage — he had a Gu Immortal captive, Hei Cheng!


Gu Immortal Hei Cheng was not like ordinary Hei tribe Gu Immortals. He had authority, he was trusted by the top four supreme elders.


Hei tribe’s top four supreme elders encountered a problem when using the ancient battle formation Green City Rampage, causing them to be unable to distance themselves from one another, they could only give up some authority. Hei Cheng was their spokesperson, he managed the affairs of Hei tribe, and knew clearly about the situation in the whole of Hei tribe.


Hei Cheng was in Fang Yuan’s hands, he naturally had methods to search souls and wills, Fang Yuan was a wisdom path grandmaster, Hei Cheng could not defend against him.




Right now, Fang Yuan had more clear knowledge about Hei tribe than those Huang Jin tribes who were targeting it. He knew deeper and more specific information.


With the support of his intel, Fang Yuan had a huge advantage compared to them.


Within Hei tribe, there was a key thing which attracted Fang Yuan.


That was — the Hei Fan true inheritance!


Hei Fan was once a Gu Immortal of Hei tribe, he was a famous person in history, but he had died long ago.


In the past, Hei Fan cultivated time path, he reached rank eight. he controlled Hei tribe and made it an overlord back then, it was quite powerful even among super forces, those were glorious times.


But his lifespan was limited, after Hei Fan died, Hei tribe slowly became weaker, while some of the other super forces rose up.


Before Hei Fan died, he left behind his true inheritance, but none of Hei tribe’s descendants could inherit it.


The true inheritance of a rank eight Gu Immortal, if one inherited it, they might become a rank eight Gu Immortal in the future.


If Hei tribe had a rank eight Gu Immortal, they would not be in this situation.




In the world of Gu Immortals, rank six Gu Immortals were at the bottom, rank seven Gu Immortals were in the middle, while rank eights were the top brass.


If Hei tribe had a rank eight Gu Immortal, even if Hei Lou Lan was the main culprit behind the destruction of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, they could still withstand it! The existence of a rank eight Gu Immortal was crucial to the deterrence of a super force against others!


Even if this rank eight Gu Immortal were to be faced with pressure by many other rank eight Gu Immortals, they would at most only need to pay a huge price in resources and compensation to protect the tribe.


The current situation was not like that, Hei tribe had many Gu Immortals, but they could not defend the tribe.


“Hei Fan true inheritance…” Fang Yuan muttered, his eyes were shining deeply.


“In my current situation, the biggest obstacle is heaven’s will. And heaven’s will’s strongest methods are calamities and tribulations.”


“Each calamity and tribulation is a gamble, I am targeted by heaven’s will, it is too dangerous. And the interval between each calamity is two months, this is simply too short!”


If he had more time, Fang Yuan could deal with the calamities and tribulations after more preparation.


But Fang Yuan’s body, coming from the Sovereign Immortal Fetus, was simply too absurd! Its existence defied heaven, it could not be allowed to remain.


However, man is the spirit of all living beings, Gu Immortals were incredibly intelligent beings. Predecessors had thought of countless ways to deal with the short durations between calamities and tribulations.


Among them, the most popular were time path methods.


Lang Ya blessed land did this, Long Hair Ancestor had once asked a time path great expert to slow the rate of time in Lang Ya blessed land. This way, the interval between calamities and tribulations was longer.


After Long Hair Ancestor died, this was left behind. This gave Lang Ya land spirit lots of time to prepare and get ready for all the calamities and tribulations.


“I do not know any time path Gu Immortal. Even if I once was in contact with Tai Bai Yun Sheng, he could not slow the time in the immortal aperture.”


Fang Yuan knew about Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s inheritance, because he had once soul searched Tai Bai Yun Sheng in Imperial Court blessed land. But in fact, not all time path Gu Immortals had methods to slow time in the immortal aperture. Tai Bai Yun Sheng was a good example.


“Even if I know any such time path Gu Immortal, or approach them now, my sovereign immortal aperture is an extremely important secret, it is too huge of a deal, how can I let any time path Gu Immortal know about it? It is hard to trust anyone.”


“I might as well rely on myself! If I can obtain the Hei Fan true inheritance and slow the time in my immortal aperture, that would be great.”


Ordinary time path true inheritances might not have a method to slow the time passing in the immortal aperture.


But the Hei Fan true inheritance was extraordinary, it was left behind by the rank eight Hei Fan!


In the history of Hei tribe, it was recorded: When Hei Fan was alive, he had slowed the time in many immortal apertures of Hei tribe Gu Immortals. This way, the Hei tribe Gu Immortals could deal with their calamities and tribulations with more ease, there was a greater chance of success. As time passed, the number of Hei tribe Gu Immortals exceeded other super forces.


With the rank eight Gu Immortal Hei Fan as deterrence in Northern Plains, and with countless rank six and seven Gu Immortals in Hei tribe, this created a glorious time of prosperity in Hei tribe’s history!


Fang Yuan knew clearly about the history of Hei tribe through the captive Hei Cheng.


Blazing Heaven Demoness knew about this too. She had a time path injury, it made the rate at which time passed for her very fast, she had to become an immortal zombie.


To cure her injury, Blazing Heaven Demoness formed a scheme, sending her sister Su Xian Er to Hei tribe, attempting to obtain the Hei Fan true inheritance and heal her. Instead, her sister fell in love with Hei Cheng and gave birth to Hei Lou Lan, it became a story of love and hatred.


All in all, as long as Fang Yuan could obtain the Hei Fan true inheritance, he could slow the rate of time in his immortal aperture.


Once the rate of time in his immortal aperture slowed down, Fang Yuan’s circumstances would change drastically!


Even though slower time meant that production of resources would also be slower, and his cultivation level would also rise more slowly, it stabilized the situation, Fang Yuan’s pressure and difficulty in cultivating would be lower by a huge margin. The advantages outweighed the disadvantages!


Hei Fan true inheritance…


Fang Yuan became more enticed as he thought about it.


To him, this was a crucial way to get out of his situation.


“If I want to leave and go to Hei tribe, participating in this chaotic battle, there are many ways to do so.”


“This precious information is my first advantage. Secondly, I have dark limit Immortal Gu to conceal my aura, heaven’s will cannot find me. And thirdly, I have familiar face and change form Immortal Gu to disguise myself, I can mix in with the chaotic bunch moving in.”


“Should I go?”


Fang Yuan thought over it, he decided to observe from the sidelines, he did not go immediately.


The situation over at Hei tribe was too chaotic now.


Righteous path, demonic path, even lone immortals were participating in the raid.


The scene was a mess, countless experts were moving about, appearing continuously.


Among rank six Gu Immortals, there were bottom tier Gu Immortals like Old Lu, and also ordinary Gu Immortals like Qing Xuan Zi, there were even Zhuo Zhan, Divine Lord Tian Du, Shi Hou, and other experts. Among rank seven Gu Immortal experts, there were Unfettered Scholar and Pi Shui Han. According to some vague rumors, it seemed like Heavenly Lord Bai Zu and Old Ancestor Xue Hu were also active in this.


Fang Yuan looked at the situation, the time was not ripe yet.


This was only the start, many forces and Gu Immortals were taking over Hei tribe’s resource points. These Gu Immortals were far from reaching the headquarters yet.


All sorts of forces were restricting one another, it was very chaotic. Countless people rose up and fought, they competed to decide who would get to keep the resources.


If Fang Yuan went now, he would be implicated, no matter who he disguised himself as.


And dark limit Immortal Gu’s protection only lasted for a while, it could not be used for long.


And most importantly, there was heaven’s will.


Heaven’s will could make arrangements against Fang Yuan.


What did heaven’s will know?


Heaven’s will was inside Spring Autumn Cicada, with Spring Autumn Cicada around Fang Yuan, heaven’s will might know of his plan beforehand.


During the transactions with Sixth Hair, Shadow Sect had told Fang Yuan: Heaven’s will was vast, it was everywhere.


Heaven’s will covered the area of the five regions and two heavens, this was a huge advantage, it knew much information and secrets.


Because of many reasons, Fang Yuan could not act casually.


He decided to wait until Hei tribe’s situation became clearer, once he could see the situation clearly, he would be able to take action.


The key of this was still one word — Speed!


Accumulating strength, and striking immediately, before leaving rapidly.


There was no better tactic.


Fang Yuan waited patiently, using Lang Ya Sect, he could gain information about the outside world.


Days passed by.


The battles involving Hei tribe continued to aggravate. Countless Gu Immortals got involved, some won while others lost, countless schemes were used, it was like a huge spiral, and this spiral was expanding, sucking in even more people. At this rate, the spiral was becoming chaotic and uncontrollable.


Many secluded cultivators could not resist the temptation, they appeared.


There were people like Fang Yuan as well, biding their time.


Days later, in Myriad Bean Garden.


“I tried my best, but the other party is hiding inside an immortal aperture, there are no results.” Wisdom path Gu Immortal Tian Xia Xin sighed, showing some embarrassment on his face.


“Is that so…” Disappointment could not be concealed on Chu Du’s face.


“But, I have made some other gain.” Tian Xia Xin suddenly said.


“Oh? What do you mean, Brother Tian?” Chu Du was perplexed.


Immediately, he saw that Tian Xia Xin returned flying sword Immortal Gu to him, he pointed at the Immortal Gu and said: “This flying sword Immortal Gu is not simple, there is an insignia left on this Gu. I have already deciphered this insignia, it is the key to an immortal’s true inheritance!”


“What? There is such a thing!” Chu Du was surprised, he was greatly interested: “Is this the sword path true inheritance of Sword Immortal Bo Qing?”




