Chapter 1108: Tragic


Because of his interruption, He Ruo managed to suppress her poison and quickly escaped, regaining freedom.


Nian Er Ping Zhi’s body was tattered, one of his arms was corroded until only bones were left, his face was turning purple, he was deeply poisoned.


But he raised his head and looked at Old Monster Corpse Poison, saying arrogantly: “You cannot leave until a victor is decided.”


Old Monster Corpse Poison was furious, but within his anger, there was also regret.


Why did he attract this psycho?


“Every Sword Child in each generation is crazy. But this one is crazier than the rest.” Far away, Nian Er Fu shook his head, waving his fat little arms.


An iron crown eagle screeched in fear, it flapped its arms desperately, trying to escape, but with the power of space path, the iron crown eagle vanished, entering Nian Er Fu’s immortal aperture without resistance!


Old Monster Corpse Poison’s method was vicious, he attacked Nian Er Ping Zhi, but most of his attention was still kept on Nian Er Fu secretly.


Nian Er Ping Zhi had rank six cultivation level, even though he inherited a portion of the Sword Saint true inheritance, he was not the match of a rank seven expert like Old Monster Corpse Poison.


Nian Er Ping Zhi could survive until now because Nian Er Fu had been assisting him from a distance all along.


Nian Er Fu was a space path Gu Immortal, he had a deep cultivation level, with countless methods at his disposal. He was looting resources all over the place, gaining a huge fortune, while protecting Nian Er Ping Zhi, preventing Old Monster Corpse Poison from dealing a fatal blow.




Old Monster Corpse Poison felt more and more regret.


Right now was a precious opportunity that one would not see in a hundred years, but he was fighting with a Gu Immortal here, while others were looting resources all over the place.


Old Monster Corpse Poison was famous and had a deep background. He had once joined Zombie Alliance as a living person, before betraying them later on. Northern Plains Zombie Alliance tried to capture him, but failed each time.


Nian Er Ping Zhi and Old Monster Corpse Poison fought, the battle getting more and more heated as time passed, even though he could not win, he had become famous from the fight.


From now on, Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world would know that Nian Er tribe had produced such an incredible genius!


Actually, Gu Immortals from other super forces would not offend a demonic path Gu Immortal so thoroughly.


But Nian Er tribe was different.


This Huang Jin bloodline tribe was different from the other Huang Jin super tribes — their tribesmen lived in blessed lands or grotto-heavens, they did not occupy any territory in the outside world of Northern Plains.


This way, they had little reservations.


Even if a demonic path Gu Immortal wanted to attack them, they could not.




After all, there were few methods to enter immortal apertures. Even if one could get in, they would be in the enemy’s territory, they would lose a lot of their advantage inside.


“Youth is really wondrous.” Nian Er Fu sighed, he spoke with an aged tone, but he had the appearance of a chubby boy, it was a really weird sight.


Only Old Monster Corpse Poison could feel his terrifying power.


During this battle, Nian Er Fu had already attacked dozens of times, not only did he save Nian Er Ping Zhi’s life, he even successfully injured Old Monster Corpse Poison secretly a few times.


After capturing several iron crown eagles again, Nian Er Fu’s field of vision was cleared.


A huge round ball wooden eagle nest was floating in the air, without any defense.


“I had heard of Hei tribe having this special rearing method, they use some sort of metal or ore, immortal materials that could increase the rate of the iron crown eagles’ reproduction, and speeding up the rate of their growth. What kinds of precious immortal materials would be in this nest?”


Nian Er Fu was about to move, when his expression suddenly froze.


A figure moved like the raging winds, flying out of the nest before him, rapidly leaving towards the horizon.


Demonic path Gu Immortal Hui Feng Zi!


This was a rank seven wind path expert, publicly recognized as the fastest person in Northern Plains, even Yao Huang could not stop him. He had first joined Shadow Sect, before submitting to Heavenly Court, his identity as a traitor had not been exposed yet.


In a situation filled with chaos, Hui Feng Zi could act freely like the wind.


Not only was he fast, he was agile, he displayed the greatest advantage of wind path to its limit.


Soon, Nian Er Fu saw that Hui Feng Zi easily passed through countless obstacles, entering another eagle nest.


“Sigh, this lad is simply blocking me from my fortune!” Nian Er Fu gazed at Nian Er Ping Zhi, sighing loudly at the sky.


The battle between humans and eagles came to an end.


The number of iron crown eagles decreased, all of the round ball wooden eagle nests were invaded by Gu Immortals.


“Good, good, good! It is the rank seven immortal material domination copper!” Gu Immortal Shi Hou cheered, he had made great gains.


“This damned Hui Feng Zi, he dares to snatch what is mine!” Meng Ji was furious, he stared fixedly at Hui Feng Zi who was flying away.


Hui Feng Zi did not speak, but he felt very troubled: He did not touch that eagle nest. It seemed that someone who had already sneaked in made him take the blame for their actions!


Within the round ball wooden eagle nests, there were rank seven immortal materials in each one, either metals or ores, and they were huge in quantity.


Gu Immortals made great gains, they expressed joy on their faces.


This was simply a feast, they were looting all of Hei tribe’s hard work. The stronger the Gu Immortal, the greater the gains, the law of the jungle in the Gu Immortal world was displayed here in full view.


Hei tribe’s Gu Immortals were deadly silent.


They looked at the round ball wooden eagle nests that were fuming with smoke, some had fallen to the ground, some were incredibly damaged, spinning in the air.


These nests were the pride of Hei tribe, the symbol of their strength. But now, they were trampled and snatched away.


Anger.


Indignance.


Hatred.


Fear.


All sorts of emotions were in these Hei tribe Gu Immortals, they almost could not breathe.


“Enough!” A Hei tribe Gu Immortal stood up abruptly.


He had a huge body, he looked around with an angry gaze, fixing it on first supreme elder: “When are we going to wait until? You are counting on him? Can’t you see? He had agreed to us on purpose, so that we would not keep the resources according to the agreement, we are trapped inside the blessed land and cannot leave.”


“This is a scheme, he is toying with us! Everyone, where is your courage? Are you not angry? Don’t you feel hatred? Will we sit here and wait for death, or go out and fight like courageous heroes? This is our home! But now, these outsiders are plundering and destroying it!!”


“Tie Sheng…” Second supreme elder had a complex expression, he called out to this furious Hei tribe Gu Immortal.


“First supreme elder, say something!” Hei Tie Sheng stared at Hei tribe’s first supreme elder with an indomitable gaze.


Everyone also looked at first supreme elder.


Hei tribe’s first supreme elder was silent for a while before saying: “In this situation, resources are just external things, so what if we give them up? If we do not receive his help, we will have no place in the whole of Northern Plains! We will wait and see.”


Hei Tie Sheng heard this and his body shook, he took in a deep breath, stabilizing his body. He did not feel rage now, just intense sorrow.


“Seniors, in my humble opinion, I think that Lord Hei Tie Sheng is right.” This time, a rank six Gu Immortal from Hei tribe spoke.


“I have the same opinion.”


“If we do not fight now, when will we wait until?”


“The worst case is death anyway!”


More and more Hei tribe Gu Immortals stood up.


Hei Tie Sheng saw this and felt a strong surge in confidence, his gaze regained its sharpness.


“You…” Second supreme elder was shocked.


First supreme elder remained silent.


Hei Tie Sheng suddenly laughed loudly: “Three layers of defense? Even if we have thirty layers of defense, what can we do in this situation? Go! Let’s face these enemies! How can Hei tribe’s glory be tarnished? Hei tribe’s resources are not so easy to take! They will pay with blood and their lives!”


Hei Tie Sheng took huge steps forward, he turned around and left the hall.


Seven Hei tribe Gu Immortals said nothing, but they followed him with firm expressions.


“First supreme elder, won’t you talk to them…” Third supreme elder was uneasy.


“Forget it, forget it, let them go.” First supreme elder sighed, he seemed to have aged by a hundred years.


Hei tribe’s first layer of defense was broken already, the iron crown eagles were either dead, injured, or captured, none were left.


The Gu Immortals flew up higher into the sky, seeing dragon eagles.


A large number of dragon eagles formed the second line of defense.


“So many dragon eagles!” Someone’s eyes flashed.


“Even though the dragon eagles are not as numerous as the iron crown eagles, they are still a huge fortune!” Someone critiqued.


Some impatient Gu Immortals had already started attacking.


The Gu Immortals gasped, some were surprised, they found something strange.


“These dragon eagles are not normal.”


“That’s right, I’ve interacted with desolate beast dragon eagles before, how can they be so hard to deal with?”


“These dragon eagles have stronger vitality and faster speed, is that rumor from long ago true after all?”


The immortals were reminded by this, fifty to sixty years ago, there were rumors in Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world that Hei tribe had obtained a huge breakthrough in nurturing the dragon eagles, they created a brand new species of desolate eagles, they looked like dragon eagles, but were different.


“These are not dragon eagles, they are resonance eagles. These eagles were not created by Hei tribe, they were the fruits of my Qiao tribe’s labor!” A Gu Immortal said with much anguish.


Everyone looked over, it was Qiao Dong.


He was a righteous path Gu Immortal, the first supreme elder of Qiao tribe.


Qiao tribe was a subordinate of Hei tribe, long ago, Qiao tribe had wanted to leave Hei tribe, and were taught a lesson by Hei Cheng, who went to pressure them.


No wonder Qiao tribe and Hei tribe had a conflict, there was lots of hidden background information!


The immortals had differing expressions, but they said nothing about this.


The law of the jungle was very common after all.


This Qiao Dong could become an immortal because of Hei tribe’s support. Now that Hei tribe was in trouble, he joined in and attacked Iron Eagle blessed land.


Most righteous path Gu Immortals, the supreme elders of the Huang Jin tribes, looked towards Qiao Dong with coldness and animosity.


They did not like people who bit the hand that fed them.


But behind Qiao Dong, there was Liu tribe’s Gu Immortal, Liu Zhuan Shen.


With a single glance, it was obvious that Qiao Dong was now under Liu tribe.


Liu tribe and Hei tribe had a poor relationship, Qiao tribe was a subordinate of Hei tribe, but now that Hei tribe was going down, Qiao Dong went over to Liu tribe, it was not strange.


“This traitor deserves death!”


At this moment, a thunderous voice came from afar!




