Chapter 111: Mere Material Goods


“Grandma, what Gu is this?” The young girl curiously pointed at the central counter on the third floor.


There were three floors in this treehouse; the first floor sold rank one Gu worms, the second floor sold rank two Gu worms, and the third floor sold rank three Gu worms.


The higher one went, the fewer the Gu worms, and the more expensive they were.


Naturally, the Gu worms for sale in the treehouse were all rare and precious.


Yao Ji followed her granddaughter’s gaze and saw a round tree stump. It was tall and thin, and it had five branches like human fingers extending from the top and wrapping around each other, forming a cage.


Within the cage of branches, there was a spherical Gu worm the size of a thumb. It emitted a silvery glow.


“That is a White Silver Relic Gu. It can only be used once, and can instantly raise a rank three Gu Master’s cultivation by a small realm,” Yao Ji slowly explained.


Relic Gu referred to a series of Gu worms.


There were Relic Gu for each rank of Gu Master up to rank five, all named for the primeval essence of their respective ranks. Each type of Relic Gu would raise the cultivation of a Gu Master of the same rank by a small realm.


“The price is thirty thousand primeval stones, it’s so expensive!” The young girl’s mouth fell open in shock.


Yao Ji nodded. “Its final price should reach at least fifty thousand primeval stones. Alright, we’ve been walking around long enough. Let’s go to the first floor reception desk, the bids should have been tallied for the Liquor Worm by now.”


In the treehouse, a rank one Gu worm would only be displayed for half a day once there was a bid on it. For Gu worms that people had little interest in, they would be kept on display till someone made a bid.


Rank two Gu worms would be displayed for a day, and rank three for two days.


At first glance, this method of sale might seem odd, but it had been developed over long years of doing business.


At the reception desk.


“What, the Liquor Worm was sold to someone else?” Yao Ji immediately frowned upon seeing the results. She had put a high price and had been quite confident, but to think she had actually miscalculated.


“Hmph! Who’s the bad person who stole my dear Liquor Worm?” the young girl asked angrily.


“Yao Le.” Yao Ji gave her granddaughter a look.


The young girl pouted, but obediently shut her mouth.


The sales clerk behind the counter was a rank two female Gu Master. She slightly bowed and answered, “I am sorry, we can’t divulge our customers’ information. Every business has its rules, please forgive me.”


It was this confidentiality that dispelled many customers’ apprehensions and allowed them to freely take part in the bid.


Sometimes, there would be things people wanted that they would give up out of courtesy or respect or other such feelings. After all, they would frequently see their fellow clansmen.


But these secret bid auctions allowed them to get around the problem of sentiment.


Why would such a good thing need to go to you? Because you are my senior, relative, or friend?


Never underestimate the dark side that lurks in every person.


Such secret transactions allowed this dark side to come out.


Yao Ji ruminated for a while and said, “I know the rules. You don’t need to worry, little girl, I won’t ask the name of the person who bought the Liquor Worm, I only want to know what the final price was.”


The clerk bowed again. “I am very sorry, but the price is also confidential. But please don’t worry, the final price was definitely the highest among all the bids. The Jia family has always held honesty in the highest regard.”


“Hmph, little girl, do you know who I am?” Yao Ji’s face sank as she snorted coldly.


“What’s going on?” At that moment, a rank three middle-aged Gu Master hurried over.


The treehouse was constantly being monitored; they would naturally know if anything occurred.


“Lord supervisor.” The clerk immediately greeted this middle-aged man.


The man waved his hand at the clerk. “You can leave now, I’ll handle this.”


He turned towards Yao Ji and smiled. “So you are Lady Yao Ji. This should be your granddaughter, right? She looks smart and sweet.”


Yao Ji’s expression softened upon seeing that this man was also a rank three Gu Master, but she still asked to know the final price.


The male supervisor felt that the situation was rather tricky.


He was an elder at the caravan and also a trusted aide of Jia Fu. After doing business for many years, he had a deep understanding of Gu Yue Village’s situation and knew the influence this old woman held.


They might dare to offend Chi Lian or Mo Chen, but they wouldn’t want to offend Yao Ji. Her influence was second only to the clan leader, Gu Yue Bo.


The supervisor pondered for a moment, then said, “How about this, since Lady Yao Ji wants to purchase a Liquor Worm, I could have one secretly sent over. To be honest, the warehouse has three Liquor Worms, and Lord Jia Fu personally decides where to sell them. You should know how precious the Liquor Worm is. As for the price, let’s set it at your bid.”


However, Yao Ji slightly shook her head and rapped her cane against the ground.


She said, “I am not looking for a bargain. The price…will be the same as that of the previous Liquor Worm.”


“This…” The supervisor hesitated, he naturally saw Yao Ji’s aim.


Yao Ji pretended to be annoyed and continued to pressure the male supervisor. “What? Is it so high that you’re afraid I won’t be able to afford it?”


“Of course, I didn’t mean that. Alright, it will be done.” The supervisor sighed and said a price.


Upon hearing it, the young girl first heaved a sigh of relief, but soon after that she felt somewhat indignant. “What, it was only twenty primeval stones more than ours?”


Yao Ji narrowed her eyes, but didn’t speak.


Meanwhile, Fang Yuan had already exited the treehouse and arrived at the wine tavern.


The second Liquor Worm was already in his possession, and now the only things he needed were the four types of wine: sour, sweet, bitter, and spicy.


I already have the sweet wine — there is still quite a lot of golden honey wine remaining from the family inheritance mission. Spicy and sour wines should not be a problem. My only concern is the bitter wine. Fang Yuan felt a bit worried.


If he had bitter wine, he could begin refining the Four Flavors Liquor Worm that night.


Many things in life were like this: your fears would come true.


Fang Yuan’s worries had become reality. He had spent several hours going through countless tents, and he had found spicy and sour wines, but not a trace of bitter wine.


Not everything in this world follows our wishes. Fang Yuan was quite helpless. He could only set aside the refinement plan for the Liquor Worm.


Without the Four Flavors Liquor Worm, his cultivation speed would be ordinary.


In the afternoon, he went to the treehouse again.


Many counters on the first floor were occupied by new Gu worms.


The central counter, where the Liquor Worm had been displayed, now held a Cleansing Water Gu.


It resembled a leech from Earth, but much cuter; its whole body shone with a light-blue luster like that of glimmering water.


Cleansing Water Gu can remove impurities in one’s aperture. To Chi Cheng, it is a Gu worm that he must have.


He knew Chi Cheng only had C grade aptitude and had forcefully raised his cultivation with the help of his grandfather Chi Lian’s primeval essence. But this had left Chi Lian’s aura mixed in with his own in his aperture. If Chi Cheng didn’t cleanse it, then his future prospects would be jeopardized.


Chi Lian will definitely buy this Gu worm for Chi Cheng. Hmm, let me think…his bid should be six hundred and thirty to six hundred and forty.


He estimated that Chi Lian would pay more than it was normally worth, more than even the Liquor Worm. The main reason was that his grandson especially required this Gu worm.


If I bid six hundred fifty, it would get me this Cleansing Water Gu. Just by adding ten primeval stones, this Cleansing Water Gu would certainly fall in my hands! As for the Liquor Worm I bought this morning, my bid should have been about twenty primeval stones higher than Yao Ji’s. Fang Yuan smiled coldly in his heart.


He was that confident.


His five hundred years of experience and the advanced business knowledge from Earth had combined to form this confidence. It was beyond ordinary.


With his previous life’s experience, he could win such secret auctions eighty percent of the time by adding ten more primeval stones to his estimate. When he bought the Liquor Worm, the reason why he had put twenty more was because of his cautious nature.


Fang Yuan didn’t bid on the Cleansing Water Gu, as he didn’t need it. And if he obtained it, then Chi Lian would certainly investigate. Of course, the main reason Fang Yuan didn’t bid was because he needed to hold onto his remaining money to see if there were any good Gu worms in the coming days.


I am lacking two things currently: a scouting method and a movement method. The wolf tide will come next year, before the caravan can return. Although there is the Flower Wine Monk’s inheritance, he left it behind hastily after he was injured. Who is to say if it is complete or not and what Gu worm will be next?


In his memories, the coming wolf tide would be very dangerous. Fang Yuan didn’t want to be powerless just because he lacked Gu worms, and be injured or perish as a result.


As he was now, it would be disastrous if he were surrounded by wolf packs.


Before that happened, he needed to make sufficient preparations; both his cultivation and Gu worms shouldn’t be lacking.


He visited the treehouse often over the next three days.


On the third day, on the first floor of the treehouse, he discovered something to be happy about: a Black Boar Gu!


Black and White Boar Gu could both raise the fundamental strength of a Gu Master. Fang Yuan had already used the White Boar Gu and received strength equal to that of a boar. If he used another White Boar Gu again, he wouldn’t grow any stronger. But the Black Boar Gu was different, the strength it granted could stack with the White Boar Gu’s.


Hence, at noon, there was one more Gu worm in his possession.


After that, there was nothing.


Some scouting and movement Gu appeared on the counters, but they couldn’t satisfy him.


These Gu worms were displayed on ordinary counters and the price wasn’t good, so there weren’t many who would purchase them. Fang Yuan heard the caravan would be staying for eight days, so he patiently waited without becoming anxious.


It was the seventh day.


On the second floor, Fang Yuan discovered a Red Steel Relic Gu.


It could instantly raise a rank two Gu Master’s aperture by a small realm!


The price was set at three thousand primeval stones, attracting many rank two Gu Masters to bid over it. Countless bids were placed into the hole on the counter; it was a very lively scene.


If I obtain this Red Steel Relic Gu, I could push my cultivation to middle stage instantly. With middle stage scarlet red primeval essence, I could use my Gu many more times.


Cultivation was the foundation of a Gu Master, an increase in cultivation meant an increase in fighting power. In terms of its effects, it was far better than getting scouting and movement Gu worms.


Moreover, none of the Gu in the past several days had caught his eye.


I have purchased a Liquor Worm and a Black Boar Gu, and I also bought some wine. This Red Steel Relic Gu’s final price will definitely cross five thousand primeval stones and could even reach eight thousand. After all, everyone knows about the wolf tide, so raising one’s cultivation by a small realm will be a lot of help. I don’t have enough primeval stones to get this Relic Gu!


Fang Yuan instantly realized that an obstacle had appeared in front of him.


