Chapter 1116: A Dead Egg


Fang Yuan controlled ‘Hei Cheng’, slowly getting into the eagle nest.


Light in nine colors shone on ‘Hei Cheng”s face interchangeably.


His vision was covered by heavenly crystals, it was a grand and beautiful scene, like something out of a dream or illusion.


The eagle nest was not big, it was like a small room.


At the center of the room, there was a huge egg, other than that, there was nothing else.


‘Hei Cheng’ glanced at it.


His gaze was focused on this egg.


This egg was the height of a young man, it was oval shaped and had a glass-like shell, it was reflecting the light of the nine colors, it was extremely beautiful.


But Fang Yuan sensed acutely that this egg was covered in death energy, it was devoid of life.


Sensing this, he no longer cared about it, he placed his attention on the other aspects.


He searched and explored, after some hours, other than the heavenly crystals, he had no other gains.




“How can this be? Hei Fan was a time path great expert, how can the true inheritance that he left behind only have one empty heavenly crystal eagle nest? Where are his time path Immortal Gu? Where are his immortal killer moves?”


Fang Yuan thought quickly, soon, he placed his attention on the dead egg again.


“Perhaps to find Hei Fan’s true inheritance, that dead egg is the key!”


Fang Yuan guessed.


At this stage, the memories that he had obtained from Hei Cheng were no longer useful. Fang Yuan had surpassed the generations of Hei tribe Gu Immortals, he was at a step that they had never reached before.


To obtain Hei Fan’s true inheritance, Fang Yuan had to rely on himself.


‘Hei Cheng’ walked around the dead egg, using his Gu worms to observe and research it.


A moment later, Fang Yuan confirmed again that this was a dead egg.


An absolutely dead egg.


There was no disguise.




This way, Fang Yuan’s guess that Hei Fan’s true inheritance was hidden inside the egg shell was thwarted.


“Don’t tell me, Hei Fan’s true inheritance has already been stolen by someone. The Immortal Gu stored here are taken away already? I am not the first person in here?” Fang Yuan could not help but think.


This was not impossible.


This world had too many secrets!


After Fang Yuan’s secret transactions with Sixth Hair, he did not dare to underestimate anyone.


Even though he was a transmigrator, in this world, he was not the only one. There already was one who did well enough in life to become a rank nine venerable.


Righteous path, demonic path, lone cultivators, countless elites and geniuses, heroes and conquerors, throughout history, they were shining like brilliant stars in the sky.


Fang Yuan was just one of the stars.


Fang Yuan’s guess was not random, he had his evidence.


According to the intel obtained from Hei Cheng, Hei tribe’s Gu Immortals had realized that attitude Gu was the key. While searching for attitude Gu, they also researched their methods, replicating attitude Gu’s aura, attempting to ‘deceive’ the heavenly crystal eagle nest to open.


In Hei Cheng’s memories, Hei tribe’s Gu Immortals did not succeed.


But that did not mean that nobody had succeeded!


A Gu Immortal might have secretly opened the heavenly crystal eagle nest, taking Hei Fan’s true inheritance for themselves, while nobody knew.


And this might not even be a Hei tribe Gu Immortal.


This example was very common throughout history.


The most famous example was Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable.


This person was the ultimate thief, in his life, he stole many Gu Immortals’ true inheritances, countless forces hated him greatly.


Fang Yuan inspected it a few times over, there was indeed nothing else.


With his current methods and knowledge, if he found nothing, there was likely no Hei Fan true inheritance.


Fang Yuan felt very disappointed.


He was banking on Hei Fan’s true inheritance to slow the rate of time in his immortal aperture.


Of course, he had Chu Du’s help now, he did not need it temporarily.


But what about the future?


If one did not have huge worries, they would worry about smaller things.


Cooperating with Chu Du was dangerous, he was asking for favors from a tiger, heaven’s will would also seek to instigate him.


Even if Fang Yuan did not need it now, with this assurance, he could have many ways out in the future if he encountered trouble.


“Even if there is no Hei Fan true inheritance, this heavenly crystal eagle nest is an entire nest of rank eight immortal materials, it has great value.”


In fact, other than the Immortal Gu in Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture, all of his other resources accumulated could not match half the value of the heavenly crystal eagle nest!


Of course, this was excluding Dang Hun Mountain. Dang Hun Mountain and Luo Po Valley were in Lang Ya blessed land, and the trade of guts Gu was solely handled by Lang Ya Sect now. He only took his share of the profits monthly.


“However, what is this dead egg? I actually could not recognize it using my own knowledge. If Hei Fan’s true inheritance is still around, this dead egg might be the clue that Hei Fan purposely left behind.”


Even though hope was slim, Fang Yuan was intending to follow this route and investigate.


He first went to treasure yellow heaven, because cultivation experience and knowledge was also sold here.


Among which, there were desolate beast encyclopedias, maps of Southern Border, books on ancient desolate plants.


Fang Yuan’s divine sense looked around, choosing carefully, he bought some and looked at them.


Last time, he spent nearly ten thousand immortal essence stones to buy a large amount of pill azure incense. But this month’s profits were not here yet, his funds were low.


But after seeing these, even though Fang Yuan learned something, he did not manage to find information regarding this mysterious dead egg.


Fang Yuan was not disappointed, instead he was a little happy.


The more mysterious this dead egg was, the deeper its origin, and the greater hope he had regarding the clues to Hei Fan’s true inheritance.


“This dead egg is very likely to be an immemorial desolate beast’s egg!” Fang Yuan’s readings were not without result.


But in this case, the knowledge from treasure yellow heaven was basically useless.


Because this knowledge were mostly limited to rank six and seven.


Immemorial desolate beasts had rank eight battle strength, but rank eight Gu Immortals would not sell their knowledge in treasure yellow heaven. They had no lack of such money. In any case, most Gu Immortals would not buy them, because with their level, they could not interact with immemorial desolate beasts.


In the current world, most immemorial desolate beasts were inside white heaven and black heaven. Other than that, they were in the forbidden or catastrophic areas in the five regions, like the Northern Plains ten great fierce areas, or places like Earth Trench and Earth Abyss.


“Should I ask directly in treasure yellow heaven, putting up a high price for the origins of this egg?” Fang Yuan thought about it and denied this idea.


It was too eye-catching.


Hei tribe’s Gu Immortals were not all dead.


Wisdom path Gu Immortals could easily deduce some information.


This was not good for Fang Yuan.


If rank eight Gu Immortals were drawn to him, they would be a problem.


Fang Yuan could not afford to face these existences yet.


He did not feel much dejection from treasure yellow heaven’s uselessness, because he knew that he had someone who could help him with this problem.


That was Lang Ya land spirit!


Lang Ya land spirit was the obsession of Long Hair Ancestor, he had been a rank eight Gu Immortal, a refinement path supreme grandmaster, he was famous throughout history and had great reputation.


Which paths would have Gu Immortals with the widest knowledge?


Wisdom path, information path, and refinement path.


Wisdom path Gu Immortals could deduce secrets, information path Gu Immortals could search and find intel, while refinement path Gu Immortals had to refine Gu, they needed to know lots of immortal materials.


As one of the greatest refinement path experts in history, Long Hair Ancestor’s knowledge was undeniably immense.


Fang Yuan sought help from Lang Ya land spirit.


This was not a smooth process, Fang Yuan was troubled by Lang Ya land spirit’s attitude.


Recently, Lang Ya Sect was very unhappy with Fang Yuan, they felt that he was cultivating for himself and did not contribute to the sect. Now, Lang Ya Sect was developing in Tai Qiu, the falling star hound was causing them problems, their progress was minimal as a result.


“Fang Yuan, if you kill the falling star hound, I will let you read such books in our inventory. If you want to exchange for it, use a hundred contribution points.” Lang Ya land spirit said coldly with a low tone.


Fang Yuan smiled: “I will exchange for it.”


A hundred contribution points was almost all that he had now.


However, even so, Fang Yuan wanted to exchange for it, he did not plan to go to Tai Qiu.


Lang Ya land spirit snorted, he was about to speak again, but Fang Yuan said: “First supreme elder is truly impartial, handling matters according to sect rules. Lang Ya Sect’s rise is inevitable.”


Lang Ya land spirit was so angry his chest was puffing, his hair stood on ends as he breathed roughly, he contained his anger: “I heard that you have a deep relationship with Twelfth Hair, I remember this child had praised you before. Recently, he challenged the falling star hound, he suffered great injuries and his desolate beasts all died, he is very dejected. Are you going to visit him?”


“Thank you for the concern, first supreme elder.” Fang Yuan had a heavy and sorrowful face, as if the one injured was not Twelfth Hair but himself.


“After exchanging for the books, I will go to Twelfth Hair.” Fang Yuan assured.


Lang Ya land spirit was helpless, he could not do anything to Fang Yuan.


Fang Yuan got what he wanted, going to Twelfth Hair’s cloud city along the way. But he did not meet with Twelfth Hair in person, a mortal Gu Master said: “My master is unwilling to meet guests, please go back.”


Fang Yuan was not welcomed, but he did not leave, he asked with concern.


However, the attitude of this mortal Gu Master was very cold, Fang Yuan could not get any results, he had to leave ‘helplessly’.


If not for the land spirit’s awareness of matters in the blessed land, Fang Yuan would not even put up this show.


He knew clearly, how could a mortal hairy man Gu Master act like this to a Gu Immortal? Evidently, he was backed by a hairy man Gu Immortal. And this person was none other than Twelfth Hair, who held a grudge against Fang Yuan.


“My relationship with Lang Ya Sect has reached this stage… of course, a lot of the ‘credit’ goes to Sixth Hair. Lang Ya Sect has a lot of value, I need to restore and maintain a good relationship with it in the future, but that is not an urgent matter.”


Returning to his own cloud city, he checked the information and was not disappointed.


“So this egg is the upper extreme heavenly eagle!”


Fang Yuan’s heart shook.


Upper extreme heavenly eagles were immemorial desolate beasts with rank eight battle strength!


After his surprise, Fang Yuan was filled with joy.


He realized: his hard work was not in vain. If this was an egg of the upper extreme heavenly eagle, then Hei Fan’s true inheritance was not taken away yet, it was waiting for him!




