Chapter 112: Truly Great Resolve


Even though he had inherited his parents’ assets, there had not been enough time for Fang Yuan to accumulate wealth.

It took him half a day to grow nine Vitality Leaves. Since it took so much time, he couldn’t do it every day.

Fang Yuan considered for a moment. The Red Steel Relic Gu would only be on sale for a day. The only way he could come up with so many primeval stones in such a short time period was to sell the wine tavern and the bamboo buildings.

It was nothing to feel pity over.

Next year, the wolf tide would come. Under the wolves’ attack, Gu Yue Village would be pushed to the breaking point. During the worst of it, even the front gate would fall. The clan leader and elders restrained the Thunder Crown Wolf, and Qing Shu sacrificed his life to hold the gate.

That wolf tide was one of the worst in Qing Mao Mountain’s history. More than half of the population of all three villages was wiped out.

By then, there would be more property than people, so who would want to rent his bamboo buildings? The wine tavern was facing the eastern gate, who would dare to drink there by the front lines? Even if they wanted to, the clan would commandeer it and turn it into a defensive tower.

Everyone on Qing Mao Mountain was underestimating the severity of the wolf tide. If he could get rid of the tavern and bamboo buildings right now, he would be able to sell them at the best possible price.

Wealth is just material goods; one’s cultivation is the foundation. I have a day to find a buyer, but it’s quite hard. I could sell directly to the clan, they could definitely buy them on such short notice. If I sold them to an individual, I could get a better deal, but who has the finances to buy that much real estate immediately? Such a large transaction can’t be settled in one go; both sides have to observe and haggle for the best prices, and it would take too much time. Wait, maybe…

Inspiration struck him as he thought of someone.

It was none other than his uncle, Gu Yue Dong Tu.

His aunt and uncle were both cunning and miserly. After collecting profits from the tavern and Vitality Leaf business and rent from the bamboo buildings for so long, they must have an enormous stash of primeval stones.

Moreover, these assets had been in their custody for over a decade. They didn’t need to familiarize themselves with them like a fresh buyer would.

The most important part was that they desperately needed the income from these properties. No matter how much they had saved up, their finances were like a river without a source. Anyone would be anxious watching their primeval stones dwindle.

It could be said that his aunt and uncle were the best targets for this transaction.

Fang Yuan hesitated no longer, leaving the treehouse and walking towards Dong Tu’s estate.

The one who opened the door was Shen Cui, his former servant.

“Ah, it-it’s you!” Seeing Fang Yuan, she was very shocked.

Soon, she realized her slip of the tongue, and her face turned white in horror. Fang Yuan was now a rank two Gu Master, but she was still a mere mortal. The difference between them was like heaven and earth.

More importantly, Fang Yuan was the ruthless person who dared to kill a Mo family servant, mince the corpse, and place it at their door.

“I pay my respects to Young Master Fang Yuan, welcome home.” Shen Cui shivered from fear. Her legs went soft and she fell to the ground, kneeling.

“Home?” Fang Yuan took a step into the courtyard. His face showed a hint of mockery; though his surroundings were familiar, there was no sense of belonging or attachment.

A year later, he had returned here once again.

Compared to his memories, it was much quieter and emptier. Just as Fang Zheng had said, some family servants had already been sold or sent away.

Fang Yuan’s sudden appearance had alarmed his aunt and uncle.

As the housekeeper, Mother Shen arrived first, kneeling and bowing as she invited Fang Yuan into the living room and personally served him tea.

Fang Yuan sat on the chair, observing the room.

Much of the furniture was missing, and the decor was much more simple and plain.

But that did not mean they had no savings.

Dong Tu is still very cunning. This is an act of self-preservation. He has been retired for a long time, and his battle strength has drastically fallen. Most importantly, he has lost the Nine Leaf Vitality Grass, his trump card for maintaining his relationships and influence.

A man’s wealth is his own ruin, for it invites another’s greed.

Since Fang Yuan had obtained his inheritance, many clansmen had been jealously eyeing his fortune.

His aunt and uncle were the same. Their savings were both a blessing and a problem.

They had wisely decided to live beneath their wealth for now.

At that moment, the sound of footsteps approached.

Soon, his aunt appeared at the door.

“Fang Yuan, you actually dared to come back here!” The rage in her heart boiled over at the sight of him. “You traitorous scoundrel, how did we raise you? And to think you treat us like this, do you even have a conscience? Has your conscience been eaten by a dog?!

“You still have the cheek to come here and drink tea? Are you here to see our sorry state? Now that you’ve seen it, are you happy?!” she screamed like a shrew.

She pointed at Fang Yuan with one hand, while the other was planted on her waist.

If she hadn’t been reminded that Fang Yuan was a rank two Gu Master by his battle attire, she would have pounced on him and strangled him.

Fang Yuan did not react to her pointing, nor to her angry accusations.

It had been a year since he had last seen her. The rage and hatred on her face could not hide her haggardness.

She had changed her clothes to a simple hemp garment, and wore fewer accessories. Without any makeup, her mouth looked sharp and her face small, like a monkey.

Fang Yuan taking the inheritance had greatly impacted her daily life.

Ignoring her fury, Fang Yuan raised his cup and drank some tea before slowly saying, “My trip here today is to sell the tavern and bamboo buildings, are you two interested?”

“Pah, you traitorous wolf, how can you have good intentions, wanting to sell the tavern and bamboo…” Her words trailed off as she realized what he had said, and she frowned in disbelief. “What? You want to sell them?”

Fang Yuan put down his teacup, leaned back in the chair, and rested his eyes. “Better get Uncle here to discuss it with me.”

His aunt gritted her teeth, her eyes burning with anger as she glared at him. “I know, you’re trying to toy with me! Once I agree, you will mock me and ridicule me. Do you think I’m a fool?”

This was purely a way of thinking from a person of low social status.

Fang Yuan sighed in his heart. “Any more bullshit and I’m leaving. I believe there are others who would be very interested in these assets. Don’t come to me with your regrets when I sell them to someone else.”

His aunt paused for a moment. “Do you really want to sell them?”

Fang Yuan eyes opened to slits for a moment before closing again. “I am only waiting for five minutes.”

He heard his aunt stomping the ground before her footsteps trailed off into the house.

Not long after, his uncle appeared before him. His aunt was nowhere to be seen.

Fang Yuan looked at him.

Dong Tu seemed to have aged several years since Fang Yuan had seen him last. His originally well-maintained face had become thinner, and there was much more white in his hair now.

He had been worrying ever since he lost the family assets.

He had suddenly lost all of his sources of income. Without the Nine Leaf Vitality Grass, he also lost his influence on the Gu Masters who took missions beyond the village.

He could no longer be called the “Hidden Elder”.

Although he had a huge fortune in his hands, without that influence, it had become a problem.

The clan encouraged its clansmen to compete for resources. The rules seemed ruthless and inhumane, especially the ones around duels, but they existed to exterminate parasites and good-for-nothings, and to keep people sharp. They kept the clan strong and capable.

In this world, only strength could ensure survival. Tornadoes, floods, and beasts would not speak sense with you.

In recent years, Dong Tu had lived a life of peace, and he had lost his edge. In order to reduce his financial burden, he had already sold the Gu worms he once used to fight.

If someone challenged him now, he would definitely lose more often than win.

Fang Yuan spoke openly about his purpose in coming here.

“Fang Yuan, I shall not beat around the bush. I don’t understand why you need to sell the wine tavern and bamboo buildings. If you keep them, you will have a steady source of income.” His uncle was also unconvinced, but his tone was much more tactful than his aunt’s.

“Because I want to buy a Red Steel Relic Gu,” Fang Yuan said honestly. There was no need to hide such things.

“So that’s it.” Dong Tu’s eyes glinted. “Then, are you selling the Nine Leaf Vitality Grass as well?”

“That’s impossible.” Fang Yuan shook his head without any hesitation. “I’m only selling the wine tavern, the bamboo buildings, the land, and the eight servants.”

The Nine Leaf Vitality Grass was the most valuable thing in the inheritance. Fang Yuan needed its healing ability as well as the primeval stones from selling its leaves. It could sustain his cultivation and also feed his Gu worms.

Furthermore, next year the wolf tide was coming, and the price of Vitality Leaves would soar. With the Nine Leaf Vitality Grass, Fang Yuan would have no problems with primeval stones for his rank two cultivation journey.

If his uncle obtained the Nine Leaf Vitality Grass, his influence as the “Hidden Elder” would instantly return. Fang Yuan did not want to see that happen.

Seeing Fang Yuan’s determined attitude, Dong Tu felt very disappointed. At the same time, he felt helpless.

The two spoke in secret for two hours, then they signed an extremely secure transfer agreement.

Dong Tu regained the tavern, bamboo buildings, family servants, and land, while Fang Yuan led three family servants, each carrying a box full of primeval stones, towards the treehouse.

They each got what they wanted.

Hearing the news, Dong Tu’s wife rushed over. Seeing the contracts and deeds in her husband’s hands, her eyes went wide. Overwhelmed with joy, she said, “Hubby, that kid became an idiot from cultivating, he actually sold such profitable businesses! He’s so stupid, wanting the eggs and not keeping the goose that lays them.”

“Will you die if you stop talking? Shut up.” Dong Tu sounded very irritated.

“Husband…” she pouted. “I’m just happy about it.”

“Don’t get complacent! With this tavern and the bamboo buildings, we have to be even more cautious now and keep a low profile. A huge tree attracts the wind. Although Fang Zheng is our adopted son, we cannot misuse this relationship. After all, Fang Zheng has not fully developed himself yet, and who knows what the future entails?” Dong Tu sighed deeply.

“Got it, husband!” his wife said absentmindedly while staring at the stack of deeds, laughing uncontrollably.

Dong Tu’s face was solemn throughout.

The transaction went well, and he now had income. The primeval stones he spent would be replenished after two or three years. But he was not happy at all.

He couldn’t get Fang Yuan out of his mind.

For a Relic Gu, Fang Yuan sold the assets without hesitation. It was tantamount to giving up a comfortable life in the future.

Dong Tu placed himself in Fang Yuan’s shoes and thought, Could I do that?

I couldn’t.

Even if he did not like Fang Yuan, even if the sight of him filled his heart with hatred and disgust…at that moment, he could not help but think, To give up a comfortable life like that, he has truly great resolve!

