Chapter 113: Quietly Earning a Fortune


“The competition is really fierce, who knows who the final winner will be.”

“I have been standing here for just fifteen minutes and have already seen over ten Gu Masters making bids.”

“Ah, this is a game for the rich. People like us aren’t even qualified to compete.”

Dozens of Gu Masters surrounded the central counter on the second floor, locked in discussion.

As night approached, the competition for the Red Steel Relic Gu had reached its peak. Many rank two Gu Masters who had been observing from the fringes started placing their bids in the final hour.

Some Gu Masters even made several bids.

“The final winner for this struggle should be either Mo Yan or Chi Shan,” someone guessed.

“That’s possible. Mo Yan and Chi Shan are both at rank two upper stage. With this Relic Gu, they can advance to peak stage and match Qing Shu.”

“In recent years, Qing Shu has been hanging over their heads. I don’t believe they aren’t considering it.”

“We can’t say for sure. It’s not just us rank two Gu Masters, there are even some elders who have made bids. Just this morning, someone saw Lady Yao Ji placing a bid.”

“Right, I also heard that. Lady Yao Ji’s granddaughter Yao Le is taking part in the coming Awakening Ceremony; Lady Yao Ji seems to be paving the way for her granddaughter.”

“Ah, how good would it be if I had such a doting senior!”

Fang Yuan was among the crowd, his gaze tranquil as he listened to the discussions.

No one had mentioned his name. The common opinion was that Fang Yuan was only a lucky kid who had just inherited his family’s assets, and he was not yet at the level of people like Chi Shan, Mo Yan, and Qing Shu.

That is good. The less attention on me, the more easily I can get this Red Steel Relic Gu. But with all the bids I’ve submitted, I should have attracted his attention.

Fang Yuan was ninety-nine percent sure he would win this Relic Gu; he began to think of another problem.

If the following events developed according to his expectations, then there would be a perfect ending to the last several days of effort.

It was time.

The leaves and branches on the counter suddenly grew and wrapped firmly around the Relic Gu, hiding it from sight. After a few moments, they retreated, and the Red Steel Relic Gu had been replaced by a Revert Gu.

It looked like a flat, oval, palm-sized black stone. There was a raised white pattern on its surface that resembled an eye. The base of the stone was flat and had a rough texture.

Every two seconds or so, the eye would blink and the white lines forming the eyeball would swivel, giving the impression that this stone was rolling its eye.

Revert Gu had a special function.

It could make rank two Gu worms regress to rank one.

For example, if the Revert Gu was used on Fang Yuan’s White Jade Gu, it would change back to a White Boar Gu and a Jade Skin Gu.

This process was called reverse-refining.

Fang Yuan glanced at it and immediately lost his interest. He didn’t need it.

The surrounding Gu Masters began arguing. The Revert Gu couldn’t draw everyone’s attention like the Red Steel Relic Gu.

Everyone was very curious about who had won the Relic Gu.

Some people looked for the caravan Gu Master in charge of the second floor, and others waited near the central counter.

The crowd slowly thinned out, but Fang Yuan didn’t move away.

“Young Master Fang Yuan, please come to the third floor. Lord Jia Fu would like to have a chat with you.” A voice suddenly entered Fang Yuan’s ears.

Fang Yuan wasn’t surprised; there were many types of Gu worms that could secretly transmit sound.

He followed the directions given by the voice and walked to a particular section of wall on the third floor.

Branches and leaves tangled together, covering the wooden wall.

Swoosh…

The foliage parted and revealed a concealed door.

Fang Yuan pushed open the door and saw an exquisite spiral staircase heading up.

He walked along the stairs and came to a small study.

In it, Jia Fu was handling some accounts, his pen flowing swiftly over the pages.

He raised his head when he heard Fang Yuan’s footsteps, revealing the scar on his face. He gave a gentle smile. “We meet again, Little Brother Fang Yuan.”

“I pay my respects to Lord Jia Fu.” Fang Yuan cupped his fist.

“Come, sit here.” Jia Fu pointed at the chair closest to the desk.

After Fang Yuan sat, Jia Fu pushed a bamboo paper on the desk towards Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan took a glance and immediately recognized that this bamboo paper held all his bids during the caravan’s stay. Under each one was his signature.

He was inwardly happy: things had gone according to his expectations. But on the surface, he wore a doubtful expression as he asked, “I am not sure what Lord Jia Fu wants to show me?”

Jia Fu’s smile faded slightly, his eyes flashing as he looked at Fang Yuan. “These are the bids you made, including the one for the Red Steel Relic Gu. I will be honest, I am amazed at your business talent. Did you know? Every one of your bids was very close to the final sale price.

“Although you only succeeded in buying a Black Boar Gu, a Liquor Worm, and the Red Steel Relic Gu, your other bids were only off by ten or so primeval stones. Brother, do you have any interest in working for me?”

This is it! Fang Yuan laughed inwardly. He had placed bids on many different Gu worms and intentionally lost most of them, putting prices slightly lower than his guesses at the final sale price.

And just as he wished, Jia Fu noticed his business talent and took the initiative to recruit him.

“That’s…” Fang Yuan hesitated, then shook his head. “I am greatly honored to receive Lord Jia Fu’s kindness, but I don’t want to leave the clan.”

“Oh, is that so?” Jia Fu’s eyes flashed. “Brother, there might be some misunderstandings between us. A year ago, I indeed doubted you, but after using the Bamboo Gentleman, you’ve been cleared of suspicion. Jia Jin Sheng was my brother, and I hope you understand what my mood was like at the time. There is another piece of good news, I have already invited the Divine Investigator, Tie Xue Leng. There is nothing he cannot uncover. I believe he will definitely be able to find the truth and give you justice.”

Divine Investigator Tie Xue Leng…that is a problem. Fang Yuan thought over this name. It was not good news to him.

In this world, there were many amazing methods that could be used to investigate.

When Fang Yuan killed Jia Jin Sheng, he had only been at rank one. Even if he knew a lot of methods to conceal that fact, he couldn’t use them.

In his memories, Tie Xue Leng was a powerful cultivator who wouldn’t tolerate the slightest bit of wrongdoing. He lived his whole life following the ideal of punishing the wicked and rewarding the righteous. He had an extremely rich sense of justice and a meticulous mind, and was very good at finding subtle traces from any clues.

“The Divine Investigator has quite the reputation, I have also heard of him. But when will he arrive at Qing Mao Mountain?” Fang Yuan wore a look of anticipation as he asked.

“That…” Jia Fu awkwardly smiled. “The Divine Investigator is very busy. From his reply, it might only be the year after next.”

Fang Yuan immediately felt relieved. He had a lot of time to prepare.

“Brother, I think highly of you. I hope you can carefully consider my proposal,” Jia Fu said, returning to the main topic.

Fang Yuan tactfully refused; now was not the best time to leave Qing Mao Mountain.

If he went to a strange environment without enough strength, he was bound to be bullied and excluded. The caravan was also full of unspoken rules.

“What a pity, for someone of your talent. How about this, I will give you this token. If there comes a day when you want my help, this token will be proof that I will always welcome you.” Jia Fu had failed to recruit Fang Yuan, but he didn’t feel surprised. He had a deep understanding of a clan’s cohesiveness.

If he knew now that Fang Yuan was Jia Jin Sheng’s murderer, who knew what kind of expression would appear on his face.

Fang Yuan apologized deeply as he received the token from Jia Fu along with the Red Steel Relic Gu.

He stashed them close to his body and left the study the way he’d come.

A young female Gu Master was tracing her hand along the branches and leaves on the wall, when suddenly she cried out in shock. The foliage suddenly parted and revealed a door.

The door was pushed open from inside, and Fang Yuan walked out expressionlessly.

“You, you, you!” The young girl’s eyes widened and her face went blank as Fang Yuan brushed past her.

A few other Gu Masters saw him exit the door. Some of them knew what it meant, and gave Fang Yuan knowing smiles or expressions of amazement.

Fang Yuan paid no heed to their gazes and walked down to the second floor. Some Gu Masters were still waiting there, excitedly discussing who the Red Steel Relic Gu went to.

Some people brazenly made guesses, whereas others offered bits of gossip: “Mo Yan had a mysterious smile when she walked out of the treehouse,” “Chi Shan’s face was ashen,” and so on.

And to top it off, some people pledged that so and so had bought the Relic Gu, even making oaths.

Fang Yuan went past this bored group of people. No one knew that, at that moment, the Red Steel Relic Gu was so close to them.

When Fang Yuan walked out of the treehouse, he bumped into Chi Shan.

His face indeed looked unsightly, and at his side, Chi Cheng was asking about the whereabouts of the Red Steel Relic Gu.

After seeing Fang Yuan, Chi Cheng snorted and turned away, intentionally not looking at him. Chi Shan silently nodded towards Fang Yuan in greeting.

Fang Yuan nodded back in reply, his face carrying a wisp of smile.

The last of the sunshine shone on this young man’s face; he was indeed happy.

With the Red Steel Relic Gu, his cultivation would instantly advance by a level.

And there was also the token.

A year ago, Fang Yuan had wanted to build a friendship with Jia Jin Sheng and rely on him to take part in the future Gu battle competition held by the Jia Clan, reaping the benefits of that period of upheaval.

Unfortunately, life was unpredictable, and the final outcome made Fang Yuan not know whether to laugh or cry: he ended up killing Jia Jin Sheng with his own hands.

No matter. Without Jia Jin Sheng, relying on Jia Fu also worked. This token was equivalent to an admission ticket to that competition.

