Chapter 114: Monkey King in the Cave


Three days after the caravan left the village.


In the cavern inside the mountain, filled with dark red light.


Massive stone pillars extended down from the ceiling. They resembled gigantic tree trunks, and together they formed a majestic gray stone forest.


Fang Yuan was retreating from a battle in the depths.


Squeak squeak squeak…


A bunch of stone monkeys chased after Fang Yuan relentlessly, shouting in protest and glaring at him with their circular green eyes.


Moonglow Gu! Fang Yuan called in his mind, his right arm chopping in the direction of the monkey gang.


Pew.


An eerie blue crescent as large as a man’s head sliced through the air, cutting into his pursuers.


A jade eye stone monkey was jumping in the air. With no foothold to change direction, the moonblade hit it dead on.


Before it could even scream, its entire body was split into two from head to toe.


In a split second, its lively eyes became a pair of jade pearls. As its body descended, it turned into a statue.


Bam.


The statue fell to the ground, shattering into fragments.


The moonblade had only slightly dimmed, its strength barely diminished as it continued into the monkeys behind.


Kachakkk…


With a series of crisp sounds, five or six stone monkeys were instantly slaughtered.


Squeak squeak squeak!


Their companions’ deaths only fueled the monkey gang’s rage as they screamed furiously, doubled down on their charge, and leaped imposingly at Fang Yuan.


Fang Yuan was unfazed by the danger, his heart remaining calm as ice. He fought and retreated appropriately. As the stone monkeys neared, he attacked with moonblades.


Even with the boost from the Little Light Gu, the rank one Moonlight Gu could kill at most two monkeys at once. But now, a single attack from the Moonglow Gu could kill five or six.


But there were positives and negatives. Currently, the Moonglow Gu had a huge cost.


Each moonblade used 10% of his red steel primeval essence. Fang Yuan only had 44% in his aperture.


That meant he could only use four moonblades in one go.


If I successfully refine the Four Flavors Liquor Worm and refine my primeval essence, I could shoot eight moonblades. What a pity. Even though I have the second Liquor Worm, I’m still lacking one type of wine, Fang Yuan sighed deeply.


After throwing two more moonblades, his aperture only had 14% light red primeval essence left.


To play safe, he switched to using the White Jade Gu.


The stone monkeys encircled him, the closest monkey jumping near him and leaping towards him like a missile, striking at his face with a headbutt.


Fang Yuan snorted and was about to use his fist to crush the overconfident monkey.


But suddenly, he had a thought. He stopped his hand, using his chin to receive the blow instead.


A moment before the impact, his chin shone with cold white light.


Bam!


The force of the attack caused Fang Yuan’s head to tilt back. But the monkey fell to the ground, hugging its head and rolling around screaming in agony.


Without the White Jade Gu, Fang Yuan’s chin would’ve been smashed. But now, Fang Yuan only felt slightly dizzy and was otherwise uninjured.


Even with the White Jade Gu’s defense, he still had to withstand the impact of the attack.


Fang Yuan took a few steps back before he recovered and his vision cleared.


He had intentionally taken the blow to have this body get used to such attacks and the slight dizziness.


That way, in the future if he fell into a life-and-death crisis and received such an attack, he would be able to recover much more quickly and fight for a chance to survive.


Fang Yuan was always ruthless with his methods. Not just towards his enemies, but also towards himself!


He had been coming here to kill stone monkeys almost every three days.


His motive was not just the Flower Wine Monk’s strength inheritance, but also to utilize the stone monkeys to train his own fighting ability.


A Gu Master’s physical fitness, martial arts, primeval essence, combat experience, and Gu worms all affected their battle strength.


Only by honing and bringing together all of them could they show their full power.


The stone monkeys were a hammer, and Fang Yuan was an ingot that had just come out of the forge. With every strike of the hammer, he would become more sturdy, more refined, more focused.


Fifteen minutes later, the battle ended.


The ground was covered with scattered rock fragments, as well as dozens of jade pearls.


I killed forty-one jade eye stone monkeys this time, Fang Yuan counted in his heart. Every time he fought, he would analyze the battle, reflect on his performance, and improve his shortcomings. It also served to measure the progress of his self-improvement.


The Moonglow Gu was the biggest contributor to the battle, with three moonblades killing seventeen or eighteen monkeys, or about half of the group. The rest were slain with my martial arts.


The Moonlight Gu’s effect on a battle against the stone monkeys was not very obvious. But after advancing to the Moonglow Gu, it jumped to being Fang Yuan’s most powerful attacking method.


It was very strong, but more importantly, it was very efficient.


Fang Yuan utilized three moonblades in the span of only a few breaths, but when he used martial arts to smash the stone monkeys, it took over ten minutes.


These stone monkeys were very swift and agile.


When they were on the ground, there was no point in trying to physically hit them. They could easily leap away and avoid Fang Yuan’s attacks.


Their only weakness was that when they jumped, they couldn’t change directions anymore. Fang Yuan could kill them due to this weakness.


But that was owing to his rich fighting experience. If it were any other rank two Gu Master, even Chi Shan, Mo Yan, or Qing Shu, they would not be able to exploit this weakness every time like he did.


His previous life’s experience allowed him to sense opportunities in battle and seize them. He could meticulously use every ounce of his strength. Even though he was rank two, he could already utilize his abilities to their limit.


He was nothing like Fang Zheng during the final exam, who had possessed the Jade Skin Gu but forgot to use it under the pressure of battle.


Of course, Fang Yuan’s cultivation was still very low, and he could not overwhelm these groups of monkeys through brute force.


Every time, he had to fight while retreating.


Luckily, the monkeys were not very smart. They could not adjust their attack patterns, and even after seeing Fang Yuan crush them in mid-air many times, they still leaped towards him to attack.


At the same time, the monkeys didn’t wish to leave their homes, so they wouldn’t chase him too far.


Man is the spirit of all living beings, Gu are the essence of heaven and earth.


Fang Yuan was relying on the intelligence of humans to understand the stone monkeys’ habits, and he used that knowledge to find the best way to fight them. As a result, he had delved deep into the rock forest, and was already close to the central pillar.


Though it took many attempts, Fang Yuan had finally exterminated the monkey group living in the penultimate pillar.


Now, all that was left was the last one.


It was the largest and thickest pillar in the stone forest.


It hung from the ceiling, almost touching the ground, majestic in the silence of the cavern.


Fang Yuan counted the number of caves on the pillar, estimating that there were at least five hundred stone monkeys. It was the largest group he had encountered up till now.


But no matter how many monkeys there were, it was just a small bit of trouble. At worst, he’d have to waste a few more trips to the cave to clear them out.


What caused his face to become serious was the rock cave at the uppermost level.


The entrance to this cave was larger than any other on the pillar, at least twice as large, if not more.


And below it, there were caves tightly clustered together, almost as if they were worshiping and revering the large cave.


It seems that there is a monkey king in this rock cave. Fang Yuan frowned.


That was where the problem lay.


As long as a beast group grew large enough, a beast king would arise. There was a wild boar king in the wild boar group. Obviously, there would also be a monkey king in the monkey group.


The threat of a beast king was several times higher than a normal wild beast.


The reason was that they formed symbiotic relationships with a number of wild Gu worms. In exchange for the safety of a strong beast to protect them, they would assist the beast king whenever it was attacked.


This jade eye stone monkey king should not be very strong. At the very least, it is weaker than the wild boar king. Otherwise, it would have already dominated the surrounding monkey groups. Fang Yuan used his experience to gauge the monkey king’s strength.


Normally, the bigger the beast group, the stronger the beast king; weaker beast kings did not have the ability to rule over large numbers of its kind.


Beast kings were classified according to the size of the beast group they led. From low to high, there were hundred beast kings, thousand beast kings, and myriad beast kings.


The wild boar king that the Sickly Snake’s group had hunted was a thousand beast king: it ruled over thousands of wild boars.


The stone monkey king before Fang Yuan was a hundred beast king: it only commanded several hundred monkeys.


The culprit behind the wolf tide, the Thunder Crown Wolf, was a myriad beast king. Every single Thunder Crown Wolf ruled over at least ten thousand lightning wolves.


The difference in ability between the three beast kings was huge.


Three teams had to cooperate to barely be capable of killing a thousand beast king. The Sickly Snake’s team was able to deal with the wild boar king mostly due to it being injured beforehand.


A myriad beast king required the clan elders and clan leader to work together to oppose it head-on.


As for a hundred beast king, a regular five-man group would be able to handle it.


But Fang Yuan could not borrow the strength of others, he had to deal with the monkey king by himself.


Rank two initial stage primeval essence is ineffective here, it seems it is time to use the Red Steel Relic Gu. Fang Yuan eyed the large cave deeply, then left the second secret room and closed the rock door.


If what stood in his way was a thousand beast king like the wild boar king, Fang Yuan would retreat without thinking.


But if it was only a hundred beast king, and he had rank two middle stage cultivation, he could give it a shot.


Of course, the results could go either way. Even with middle stage cultivation, he still had roughly a 75% chance of failure.


