Chapter 115: Advancing to Middle Stage


Within his aperture, amidst the surging light red waves of the primeval sea.

At the surface, two fat white Liquor Worms were absorbing the water. In the air above the sea, the ladybug-like Black Boar Gu was shaking its wings and circling the Red Steel Relic Gu.

The pebble-like White Jade Gu had sunk to the depths of the sea and lay motionless.

The Spring Autumn Cicada had concealed itself; it was in a deep slumber to recuperate.

It is time. At Fang Yuan’s will, the waves paused, and a portion of primeval essence surged up into the Red Steel Relic Gu.

It shook as it rose into the air, bursting with red rays of light, resembling the rising sun. The light shone on the aperture walls, as hot as fire and as dazzling as a sword.

The Black Boar Gu was soon unable to bear it and fell down to the primeval sea.

The two Liquor Worms also sank into the depths.

The White Jade Gu was flashing inside the sea.

Normally, the way to advance a small realm was to spend a significant amount of time and effort, slowly cleansing and refining the aperture walls with primeval essence.

But now, the Red Steel Relic Gu gave off majestic red light which poured directly into the aperture walls.

Fang Yuan could see the light membrane thickening at an astonishing pace.

As the red light penetrated the walls, the light membrane condensed into streams of light that rippled and flowed, becoming a water membrane.

Fang Yuan had advanced to middle stage!

However, the Relic Gu was still bursting with red rays of light.

The light filled the whole aperture; it acted like an incredible quantity of primeval essence and continued improving his foundation.

The water membrane accepted it all, the red light integrating into the swirling flow.

This continued for about fifteen minutes.

At last, the Red Steel Relic Gu’s energy was thoroughly exhausted; its body turned transparent and disappeared in the red light.

The light also suddenly dissipated as the Gu vanished.

The aperture recovered its tranquility once again.

However the water membrane had become much thicker. Using the Red Steel Relic Gu had saved Fang Yuan a lot of time and effort.

A thread of scarlet red primeval essence appeared in the primeval sea.

This was rank two middle stage primeval essence. It was more condensed than the light red initial stage primeval essence. It sank to the depths of the primeval sea and lingered around the White Jade Gu.

A Red Steel Relic Gu could directly strengthen the foundation of the aperture. That meant advancing by a small realm.

This type of Gu worm was naturally better if used early.

Higher cultivation meant higher strength, better chances of survival, more missions completed, and also more primeval stones earned. It had a great influence on every aspect.

After reaching middle stage, Fang Yuan took several primeval stones and started recovering his primeval essence. He stopped only after the 44% primeval sea in his aperture had completely filled with middle stage scarlet red primeval essence.

Half an hour later, he once again stepped into the stone forest, heading towards the central pillar.

He stepped too close to the territory of the pillar’s monkey groups. Immediately, furious jade eye stone monkeys swarmed out of the stone pillar.

They screeched and pounced on Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan’s expression didn’t change, most of his attention was on that cave at the highest level of the stone pillar.

When encountering common jade eye stone monkeys, there was no need to be nervous as long as you weren’t surrounded by them. The main problem was the stone monkey king.

What Gu worms did it have? Fang Yuan didn’t know.

Fang Yuan slowly retreated while cautiously observing, but the stone monkey king didn’t appear.

Fang Yuan was baffled. Is there no monkey king in this monkey group? If there was a monkey king, then it would no doubt be the first to come out if someone infringed on its territory. Hold it, maybe it has already come out!

At that moment, the sleeping Spring Autumn Cicada in his aperture suddenly appeared. Its body was trembling as it gave a weak, startled cry that resonated within Fang Yuan’s mind.

The vital Gu’s warning!

It appeared only when the vital Gu felt there was an intense threat against the Gu Master’s life.

In that split second, the hair on his neck rose. Without thinking, he subconsciously used the White Jade Gu.

A layer of bright white light covered his whole body.

In the next instant, the stone monkey king, three times larger than a normal monkey, suddenly appeared to his left and struck out fiercely with its sharp claws at Fang Yuan’s left shoulder.

Bang!

The stone monkey king’s attack was blocked by the White Jade Gu.

In the instant Fang Yuan received this attack, the White Jade Gu in his aperture suddenly lit up and consumed five percent of his scarlet red primeval essence.

It would have been ten percent of his initial stage light red primeval essence. From that, one could see how sinister and vicious the stone monkey king’s sneak attack was.

Even Fang Yuan, who had a calm and composed personality, couldn’t help breaking out in cold sweat. If it weren’t for the fact that he had been sharpening and polishing himself to a peak combat state recently, he might really have been hit by the stone monkey king’s attack.

Had he been just a bit late, his left arm would have been crippled. He would have become as miserable as Man Shi had been not long ago.

There is actually a wild stealth Gu worm on this stone monkey king! Fang Yuan hurriedly retreated. He had no way to detect the monkey king when it was concealed by a stealth Gu worm and he was suddenly at a disadvantage.

The stone monkey king seemed to be more cunning than normal stone monkeys. After its attack missed, it again hid itself away.

That placed a great deal of mental pressure on Fang Yuan.

He used the White Jade Gu to form a barrier around his whole body, but doing so consumed primeval essence every moment. He couldn’t maintain it forever.

When he had fought against the stone monkeys before, he had only activated the White Jade Gu just before he took or dealt a blow.

Over five hundred stone monkeys encircled Fang Yuan aggressively.

Fang Yuan retreated as fast as he could.

Some of the monkeys slowed down, and others stomped the ground and began heading back to their homes.

“Chirp!” Right at that moment, the jade eye stone monkey king appeared and shouted a command.

“Chirp chirp!!” the stone monkeys immediately responded. Their confusion and hesitation disappeared as they resumed their chase.

Over five hundred jade eye stone monkeys were pursuing him, but Fang Yuan didn’t panic; on the contrary, he revealed a cold smile.

This accident was already within his expectations.

He had chosen the easiest route towards the central pillar of the stone forest, opening up a passage. Surrounding this clear path were the territories of countless groups of stone monkeys.

Fang Yuan was very familiar with this passage.

However, with the low intelligence of these stone monkeys, how could they know? Under the orders of the stone monkey king, they stormed through the stone forest, infringing on the territories of other monkey groups who angrily came out to counterattack.

The stone forest was in chaos!

Countless jade eye stone monkeys stood their ground, fighting to defend their homes.

In perhaps a decade, the stone monkey king might become a thousand beast king and completely unify this stone forest. But right now, it was only a hundred beast king and couldn’t control so many monkeys.

The different groups of stone monkeys fell into a chaotic battle with each other.

For a moment, all Fang Yuan could hear was screeching and screaming.

While the normal monkeys became entangled with each other, the stone monkey king persistently chased after Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan fought it off as he retreated. He suffered many sneak attacks from the stone monkey king, every one of them consuming much of his primeval essence. Luckily, he had advanced to middle stage beforehand, or else he would not have been able to handle this level of consumption.

Fang Yuan found himself at an absolute disadvantage; he had not found any weakness in the stone monkey king that he could exploit.

The only chance lay in the moment it was about to attack. But even if Fang Yuan was able to react, he had no time to do anything.

The stone monkey king possessed a stealth Gu worm and firmly held the initiative. It could attack Fang Yuan whenever it wanted. Even if Fang Yuan injured it, it could use the stealth Gu to safely escape; it was in an invincible position.

Without a way to see through its invisibility, my chances of winning this battle are extremely low! If I had a wide-area attacking method, maybe I could give it a try. But with the Moonglow Gu…I will only be able to hit this stone monkey king if I am lucky.

Fang Yuan clearly understood the battle situation and immediately retreated.

However, the stone monkey king seemed to be determined to kill him.

Fang Yuan had retreated to about a hundred meters from the rock door when he suddenly stopped.

I only have a bit over 10% of my primeval essence remaining. It won’t be enough to cover the last hundred meters. And even if I am able to enter the second secret room and close the rock door, the stone monkey king might just break it down!

Fang Yuan had thought that the stone monkey king would eventually give up, but it actually seemed unwilling to let him go.

He was already out of the stone forest now, and there was open space around him.

Countless stone monkeys were fighting chaotically in the stone forest, causing an uproar. The noise of their battle echoed within the cave.

Fang Yuan didn’t budge; his battle intuition told him that the stone monkey king was hiding somewhere, waiting for him to show an opening.

Fang Yuan knew he had already fallen into an impasse.

Normal rank two Gu Masters would have already fallen apart from fear, unable to endure this formless pressure.

But Fang Yuan was still calm.

This situation was also within his expectations, though its probability was very low. According to logic, the stone monkey king should also possess the stone monkey’s habits and be reluctant to leave its home. But for some reason, this stone monkey king was hell-bent on chasing and killing Fang Yuan.

If you choose to take a risk, you need to be willing to risk your life! Fang Yuan’s eyes flashed with cold light as he took off his shirt.

