Chapter 116: Fighting the Monkey King


I have 11% primeval essence, that means I can throw two moonblades or take the monkey king’s sneak attack twice. Relying solely on one of these options is not enough. My only chance is the instant when the monkey king attacks me. I have to take that opportunity to kill it with a moonblade! Fang Yuan’s mind raced as he thought of the most optimal strategy.


Stone monkeys did not have outstanding defense, and since the monkey king chose only to sneak attack him, it revealed that defense was its weakness.


One moonblade could slaughter five or six of the normal stone monkeys. Even if it couldn’t kill the monkey king, it could still heavily injure it.


But do not think that doing so is easy. Even if a whole team of Gu Masters came to the stone forest, without a stealth-removing Gu, they would still lose their lives.


This monkey is cunning. Is it biding its time, waiting for me to use up my primeval essence? Nevermind, I shall bet on the Spring Autumn Cicada’s warning! Fang Yuan decided instantly, his eyes shining with a cold and ruthless light.


He stood still, both hands hanging beside him, holding the collar of his shirt. His eyes narrowed to slits, and shockingly, he released the White Jade Gu’s barrier.


His primeval essence expenditure finally ceased, at the cost of being defenseless.


The stone forest continued to reverberate with the cries and anguish of the monkeys, but Fang Yuan felt that the noise was getting further and further away from him.


Calmness enveloped his heart and mind.


He silently awaited the stone monkey king’s attack.


At that moment, the match would be decided!


Waiting…


Waiting…


Suddenly, the Spring Autumn Cicada vibrated in his aperture.


Pew!


The very next moment, Fang Yuan heard an explosion, and the stone monkey king appeared on his left!!


White Jade Gu! Fang Yuan’s eyes gleamed as the white light covered his entire body.


Bam.


The stone monkey king’s claws struck him so hard he staggered and almost fell over. Half of his remaining primeval essence instantly disappeared.


Seeing that its attack didn’t finish Fang Yuan off, the stone monkey king tried to escape!


Fang Yuan had no time to counterattack, but it was enough time for him to flick up his shirt.


Suddenly, he felt that there was something caught on it, tugging it away from him.


Since it was just cloth, he let go of it to prevent it from tearing. The shirt floated in the air and flew around at a shocking speed.


“Now!” Fang Yuan’s eyes shone with cold light. The battle’s outcome would be decided with this moonblade. His heart was cold and calm as ice.


The monkey king flew into a panic as its face was covered by the shirt. It was a wild beast, after all.


It screamed shrilly, calling its stone monkeys to help, while it continued to flail about.


An eerie blue moonblade flew out and hit the stone monkey king.


It cried out in pain as it flickered into view.


It looked like a normal stone monkey, but it was three times as large, and its eyes shone with a bloody red light.


A long, deep wound stretched from its chest to its left leg, blood pouring out of it.


Although not dead, it was heavily injured, and an aura of death surrounded it. It held its wound in shock and vanished once again.


Fang Yuan’s shirt was cut open by his moonblade and fell to the ground. But the monkey king was trailing blood as it fled, no longer thinking of killing Fang Yuan. If it did not deal with such a grave injury, it would lose its life.


Taking advantage of the opportunity, Fang Yuan also retreated to the rock door. After that last moonblade, he only had traces of primeval essence left, and his battle strength had dropped drastically.


Although it looked like a draw, Fang Yuan had won.


The monkey king’s injury could not be recovered in a short period of time. The more blood it lost, the weaker it would be.


But Fang Yuan could use the primeval stones to recover his primeval essence and his battle strength.


Even without a stealth removal Gu or a wide area attack method, Fang Yuan was able to defeat a stronger foe using his rich fighting experience and his will of steel.


Monkeys, foxes, and beis[1]. Compared to other animals, they have extraordinary intelligence and cunning. Because of this, they lack the brutish courage of other beasts and will often retreat when injured. A wild boar or a bull would’ve gone into a frenzy. This monkey king seems to only have one Gu worm. It made it invisible, but it couldn’t hide the blood pouring out of its wounds, so my guess is it’s the rank one Stealth Rock Gu.


By relying on his memories, the monkey king had no more secrets.


The outcome has been decided. Fang Yuan returned to the second secret room, closed the door, and replenished his primeval essence.


After a while, he returned to the stone forest, his primeval essence full once again.


The forest was still in chaos, though not as much as before.


After this, the state of the whole stone forest will be reset. The stone monkeys will relocate and regroup, and the roaming and isolated monkeys will form into new gangs. The path that I painstakingly created will vanish.


Fang Yuan’s heart sank. He needed to kill the stone monkey king before the path was completely gone.


If he didn’t, the monkey king would completely heal by the time he managed to open the path again.


He would chase after and annihilate lingering foes with bravery, rather than be content with fame and compliments like Xiang Yu[2].


Fang Yuan followed the trail he’d previously forged through the stone forest. Any stone monkeys that appeared in his way were exterminated.


Fifteen minutes later, he reached the central pillar once again.


The stone monkey king lay on the ground, already dead and turned to stone.


A jade eye stone monkey danced and screeched atop the corpse.


The old king had died, so a new one would take its place. Whether in human society or in the wild, this was the cruel reality.


It’s saved me some effort. Fang Yuan slowly approached.


At that moment, a Gu worm slowly floated up from the corpse of the stone monkey king, flying towards the new king.


Moonglow Gu!


Fang Yuan threw a moonblade just in time, chasing away the new stone monkey king, then walked up and grabbed the Gu worm.


It looked like an ordinary gray rock, uneven and rough. If it was left at the side of the road, no one would be able to tell that it was a Gu from its appearance.


But in reality, it was the essence of stone, a natural Gu bred by Mother Nature.


It seemed like an inanimate object, but in truth, it was a living being with its own consciousness and thought.


As Fang Yuan had predicted, it was a Stealth Rock Gu.


The Gu struggled desperately, trying to escape his demonic grasp.


Spring Autumn Cicada.


Fang Yuan called in his mind, and the Spring Autumn Cicada appeared in his aperture, leaking a trace of its aura.


The Stealth Rock Gu instantly played dead, like a mouse before a cat.


Fang Yuan’s red primeval essence activated and instantly refined it.


Another Gu in the bag!


He placed the Stealth Rock Gu in his aperture, where it sank to the bottom of the primeval sea, landing beside the White Jade Gu.


The new stone monkey king watched helplessly as Fang Yuan took the Stealth Rock Gu, and once it disappeared into his aperture, the monkey frantically jumped and screamed.


It had just taken the throne, so not many monkeys obeyed it.


With another moonblade, Fang Yuan slew a few more monkeys. Those that had gathered around their new king instantly dispersed.


The new king bared its teeth at Fang Yuan.


“Scram.” Fang Yuan gave it a cold glare.


The monkey king shuddered at the intense killing intent in that gaze. It stared at Fang Yuan blankly before gulping and turning around to escape, showing its superior intelligence compared to other beasts.


Fang Yuan ignored the fleeing monkeys and made his way to the base of the central pillar as fast as he could.


As he got close, he found a cave below it.


The entrance was not big, and some stone stairs inside extended downwards into the darkness.


Fang Yuan had no investigative Gu worm, so he could not tell what was down there.


With the situation unclear, Fang Yuan did not descend. He had rushed through the forest to the central pillar, and he was not in prime condition. Furthermore, the chaos in the rock forest was disappearing.


Stone monkeys were beginning to settle in pillars along the path he had opened.


Haste brings no success. Now that I have found the inheritance clue, I have achieved my goal. It’s time to go back. Fang Yuan controlled the urge to investigate, and returned via the same route.


Along the way, it became harder and harder to continue towards the rock door. In the end, he was chased by hundreds of monkeys as he escaped the stone forest.


TIme passed quickly, and before he knew it, the scorching summer had arrived.


Fang Yuan spent every second of his time cultivating diligently. Using the Red Steel Relic Gu, he had instantly caught up to Fang Zheng.


He did not have any Gu that could hide his middle stage aura. A day after killing the monkey king and obtaining the Stealth Rock Gu, his advancement was exposed.


Only then did the clansmen find out that it was actually Fang Yuan who had obtained the Red Steel Relic Gu!


At the same time, he intentionally revealed that he had obtained the Black Boar Gu.


Fang Yuan had sold almost all of his inheritance to get the Black Boar Gu and Red Steel Relic Gu. Many people couldn’t understand him, and for a time, “fool”, “dumbass”, “lunatic”, and “short-sighted idiot” became his nicknames.


The increase in attention forced him to reduce the number of times he ventured into the Flower Wine Monk’s inheritance.


He continued to nurture his aperture as he steadily advanced towards rank two upper stage, while also collecting the ingredients to refine the Liquor Worm and the Stealth Rock Gu. At the same time, he sold Vitality Leaves to fund his cultivation.


•••


In July, at the start of autumn.


At the foot of the mountain, a wild rank five Gu suddenly appeared, causing a huge disturbance at Gu Yue Village!


* * *


[1]. Bei (狈) – a legendary wolf in Chinese mythology with short front legs and long hind legs, said to ride on the back of a normal wolf and have high intelligence.


[2]. Xiang Yu (项羽) – a Qin dynasty conqueror.


