Chapter 1166: White Form Immortal Snake


“Come, even if I die, I will only die in the battlefield!” Ye Fan shouted, his eyes were shining with a threatening light.


The demons licked their lips, they gritted their teeth, they were going to charge up, wanting to kill Ye Fan and cut him into pieces.


But Bai Ning Bing suddenly said: “Isn’t it too boring to directly kill him? Go one by one.”


These words saved Ye Fan’s life, it greatly delayed the timing of his death.


After spending so much time with Bai Ning Bing, a demonic path expert who knew of her personality stepped up with shining eyes: “Since Boss White Demon wants to watch a show, allow me to kill this person, as long as the boss is happy, it will be our fortune.”


The demons heard this and all mentally badmouthed at this demonic path expert for being shameless, they were envious and jealous, why did they not speak first, this was the best chance to bootlick!


But soon, they no longer had such thoughts.


Ye Fan was in a desperate situation, but he displayed great might, killing a number of demonic path Gu Masters.


Even though his methods were useless against Bai Ning Bing, they were more than enough to deal with the rest.


“Interesting.” Bai Ning Bing watched the entire battle while relaxing on the bamboo chair, it was as if the people dying were not her subordinates, but strangers instead.


Ye Fan felt a chill regard her aloof nature, he felt disgust towards her: “This White Demon might look like a peerless beauty, but she has a vicious heart, she cannot compare to Lady Xin Ci. Birds of a feather flock together, the Black Demon guy who was with her is likely not a good person either!”




“Ah!” Suddenly, Ye Fan screamed.


It turned out that his right arm had been pierced by multiple icicles from the inside. At once, his entire right arm was pierced, flesh was exposed, his pale broken bones could be seen, his blood was about to squirt out but it was frozen by the frost energy.


Ye Fan’s right arm was crippled!


“Alright, continue.” Bai Ning Bing said plainly.


The demons had low morale, but seeing that Ye Fan’s right arm was crippled, they saw hope again.


A few more entered the battlefield, trying to take advantage of his weakness.


But Ye Fan got bolder as he took wounds, he ignored his injuries, fighting while disregarding his life, meanwhile the demonic path Gu Masters were fearful for their lives, they did not dare to fight directly, they were slowly losing.


Some were defeated, while others were killed by Ye Fan when he had the chance.


“What do I need such useless people for?” Bai Ning Bing’s eyes flashed as blue light flickered in them.


The few demonic path Gu Masters who were defeated and still alive did not even get a chance to shout, they were frozen into icicles, dying on the spot.




Bai Ning Bing was fierce and ruthless, the Gu Masters were trembling in fear, even Ye Fan felt a chill in his heart.


Bai Ning Bing pressed lightly with her right hand, the four snowmen noticed and quickly lowered the bamboo chair.


Bai Ning Bing slowly stood on the ground, looking at Ye Fan with her hands behind her back.


The demons were overjoyed, looking at this, Bai Ning Bing was going to fight!


Ye Fan smiled bitterly, Bai Ning Bing’s terrifying strength made him feel deep despair: “There always exists someone stronger than you. I was too overconfident, I deserve the fate of dying here. But before I die, may you answer a question that I have?”


“Oh?” Bai Ning Bing looked at Ye Fan, assessing him as she said plainly: “You are quite brave, few can be so unmoved in the face of death. Very well, go ahead.”


“I want to ask, what kind of person is Black Demon?” Ye Fan asked the deepest question in his heart.


Bai Ning Bing frowned, all along she had been having a cold expression, but this change in her expression showed that she was not calm on the inside.


“He…” Bai Ning Bing looked at the moon in the sky, dragging her words.


Ye Fan focused, listening attentively.


But Bai Ning Bing showed a mocking and cold gaze in her eyes.


Ye Fan stared with his eyes wide open, he was instantly frozen into an icicle!


Bai Ning Bing looked at the night sky and bright moon, after a few breaths of time, she retracted her gaze and walked away.


Behind her, Ye Fan’s entire body was frozen in transparent ice, he died.


The demons were silent, they were like frightened cicadas.


But Bai Ning Bing only took a few steps when a peculiar black aura appeared behind her, causing her silvery hair to flutter in the air.


“Oh?” Bai Ning Bing’s blue eyes shrunk to pin size, she turned around and realized that four figures had suddenly appeared behind Ye Fan all of a sudden.


Among them, one had an ugly appearance, he was an immortal zombie, placing his arm on Ye Fan’s shoulder.


He was using an immortal killer move, the peculiar aura that Bai Ning Bing sensed earlier came from it.


Bai Ning Bing’s hair was standing, her battle intent rose to its peak at this moment!


Gu Immortal aura burst out from her body, soon, her body started to change, her adam’s apple appeared, her body grew taller, her soft and plump chest shrank and became a muscular male chest, her face had turned into one with a sharp dagger-like appearance.


“Hehehe, Bai Ning Bing, your phantom aperture was given to you by my Shadow Sect, it can suppress the transformation path dao marks in you and revert you to your male body, it can also allow you to become a false immortal and own green grape immortal essence, you will be able to refine and use Immortal Gu. But now, you want to use this phantom aperture to fight me?” Ying Wu Xie chuckled.


“A member of Shadow Sect?” Bai Ning Bing squinted, a dangerous cold light was flashing in his eyes.


As he said that, Ye Fan was revived by Ying Wu Xie. The ice around his body had turned into water, he sat on the ground weakly, gasping loudly with a pale expression.


The feeling of life and death, he could feel entirely what true horror was!


His mental state was heavily affected, he could not control himself.


“You cannot kill this person.” Ying Wu Xie looked at Ye Fan plainly.


He had luck inspection Immortal Gu, he could see Ye Fan’s abundant luck.


Ever since they escaped from Eastern Sea, he had been hiding inside Shi Nu’s immortal aperture, devising methods to deal with Fang Yuan’s investigative killer move.


Even though there was not much success, after Ying Wu Xie saw Ye Fan, he could feel a resonance in their luck, he knew that their luck was connected.


“Fang Yuan is the owner of Spring Autumn Cicada and was a tool of heaven’s will, he returned from the future and knows who has great luck. Killing Ye Fan would harm my own luck.”


“As for Bai Ning Bing, he is under Shadow Sect’s alliance agreement, I am not afraid he will turn on us. He also has one of the ten extreme physiques, he would be very useful in saving my main body!”


Ying Wu Xie thought over this, while he suddenly tossed out a rank five mortal Gu.


“White form immortal snake!” Bai Ning Bing received it with a perplexed expression, he recognized this Gu worm which had left a heavy impression in him.


“This is a crucial clue in the old bet of the Heaven Surveying Five Xiangs. Bai Ning Bing, you are the last bloodline descendant of Bai Xiang, you have the proper status to participate in the bet.” Ying Wu Xie said slowly.


Bai Ning Bing was silent before asking: “This is the reason why your Shadow Sect is scheming to rope me in?”


Ying Wu Xie did not answer, he only moved as he left this place.


Hei Lou Lan, Shi Nu, and Tai Bai Yun Sheng followed closely after him.


Bai Ning Bing gritted his teeth, he restrained the cold light in his eyes as he followed them.


Ye Fan was left behind, kneeling on the ground with his arms supporting him, stopping him from collapsing, as he gasped heavily.


As for those demonic path Gu Masters, they were all like statues, when the wind blew, they turned into rotten black mud…


Northern Plains, Become Dragon Mound.


“Sir, you have come to help us, our Chu Sect is extremely grateful.” A strength path Gu Immortal greeted Fang Yuan respectfully.


Fang Yuan nodded, looking at the person.


Before encountering Fang Yuan, in order to get Reckless Savage’s true meaning and increase his strength path attainment level, Chu Du had spent a lot of time and effort to nurture mortal Gu Masters, to help them become Gu Immortals.


As time passed, he gained a good number of strength path Gu Immortals. Chu Du treated them as disciples, and casually created a sect, naming it Chu Sect.


“Even though Chu Du is nurturing these strength path Gu Immortals, it is not his aim. Strength path is declining, and these strength path Gu Immortals lack Immortal Gu, they are not a threat.” Fang Yuan assessed as he looked at Become Dragon Mound in front of him.


This mound was short and flat, it did not look amazing, but it was a true land of fortune.


In Become Dragon Mound, there were lots of transformation path dao marks. These transformation path dao marks could allow the living beings staying here to transform into dragon beasts. There were large numbers of dragon Gu that were produced here before, like golden dragon Gu, water dragon Gu, earth dragon Gu, dragon claw Gu, dragon breath Gu, dragon pearl Gu, and so on.


Unfortunately, after Hei tribe was destroyed, this place was ransacked by several Gu Immortals.


But in the last few months, Bai Zu tribe took control and started to develop, sending Gu Immortals to guard Become Dragon Mound, allocating resources to rebuild it, and return it to its former glorious state.


This was one of Bai Zu tribe’s important resource points.


“I have already investigated clearly, this place was originally guarded by Hei tribe’s fourth supreme elder. But the developments he had made here were taken away by Bai Zu tribe’s Gu Immortals, no longer present.”


“Hehe, Hei tribe’s fourth supreme elder has rank seven cultivation level. But the Bai Zu tribe Gu Immortal sent here only has rank six cultivation level, it is good for us to act, we will attack this place.”


“Everyone is already in position, we just have to attack and fight the first battle!”


“As long as we deal a huge blow to Bai Zu tribe, it will surely make Heavenly Lord Bai Zu wary and give up on Hei Fan grotto-heaven, returning to guard his territory.”


Chu Sect’s Gu Immortals continued to talk, feeling excited.


If Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was still a lone cultivator like before, Chu Du might have given up on defending Hei Fan grotto-heaven already.


But now that he was taking over Hei tribe and creating his own righteous path super force, even though his territory was expanding rapidly, he gained a weakness.


Strength and weakness in this world were relative.


Like in the past, when Zombie Alliance took revenge on Old Ancestor Xue Hu, Blazing Heaven Demoness did not dare to fight him head on, but they looked to trouble Snowy Mountain’s demonic path Gu Immortals, plundering their immortal materials and ruining their collection. Before long, Old Ancestor Xue Hu could not take it anymore, he had to give in to Zombie Alliance.”


Chu Du had both brains and brawn, his tactic in dealing with Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was definitely the best one.


However, the actual effect would depend on how much damage Fang Yuan and Chu Sect’s strength path Gu Immortals can do.




