Chapter 117: Bitter Shell Wine and River-Swallowing Toad


A solemn and serious atmosphere filled the conference hall.

The elders sat silently in their seats, their faces either indifferent, gloomy, or serious.

The clan head, Gu Yue Bo, was sitting at the head of the table, his gaze filled with unconcealed worry. “Three days ago, a River-Swallowing Toad appeared near the foot of the mountain. It seems to have drifted here from the Huang Long River[1] by chance. Right now, it is asleep and blocking a river channel. If we ignore it, the village will constantly be in danger. The purpose of this discussion is to gather ideas on how to drive the toad away.”

The elders looked at each other; for a moment, no one spoke.

The River-Swallowing Toad was an enormously powerful rank five Gu, capable of spitting out an entire river. If the matter was not handled properly and it was provoked, over half of Qing Mao Mountain might be flooded, and the whole village destroyed.

After a long silence, Chi Lian spoke. “The situation is grave, and we need to resolve it as quickly as possible. If word spreads, we can’t be sure that someone with ill intent won’t go and intentionally provoke it to hurt us.”

“Elder Chi Lian is right,” Mo Chen nodded in agreement. Although he and Chi Lian were political enemies, at such a critical time for the village, he let go of his past prejudices.

He continued speaking after a moment. “There is another more serious problem. If the River-Swallowing Toad floods Qing Mao Mountain, it will submerge the wolf dens and the wolves will be forced to move up the mountain. It will cause the wolf tide to break out early, and we will have to fight with countless beasts for safe ground at the top of the mountain.”

The elders paled at Mo Chen’s words.

Gu Yue Bo continued in a heavy tone. “Everyone, don’t forget the foundation of our village. The founder chose this place because of the underground spirit spring. If Qing Mao Mountain is flooded, our spring might also be destroyed.”

“What should we do?”

“Even if we withstand the beast tides and survive at the mountaintop, the whole of the mountain will become a wasteland after the flood subsides. It will become unlivable.”

“If we are to die, then why not ask help from the Xiong and Bai clans? We are three boats tied with one rope, I don’t believe they’ll refuse!”

The elders whispered to one another, barely concealing their panic. Some had already started thinking of asking for reinforcements.

“It is too premature to ask for help now.” Gu Yue Bo shook his head and denied the idea immediately. “Things haven’t gotten that bad yet. When the founder had just established the village, a rank five Blood River Python attacked the village, and the founder killed it. Compared to that, the River-Swallowing Toad is much more manageable.

“According to a rumor I heard by chance from the old clan head, it has a warm temperament and is harmless to ordinary people. It only grows wary if it senses the aura of other Gu. If it receives serious injuries, it will be angered and spit out a river.”

Gu Yue Bo’s calm, composed voice resounded within the conference hall.

The group of elders listened attentively; their nervousness and panic beginning to fade.

He is really worthy of being the clan head. He calmed their hearts with just his words. Yao Ji sensed the change in the atmosphere. She gave Gu Yue Bo a profound look and praised him in her mind.

“If what the clan head said is true, chasing away the River-Swallowing Toad won’t be too difficult,” an elder said.

“We can’t say that for sure.” Gu Yue Bo shook his head. “These are only rumors, I haven’t personally confirmed them. The important thing is that we can’t be careless. I suggest we first send a group of Gu Masters to test it.”

All the elders agreed.

Chi Lian said, “Then how about I send a member of my Chi family. If he can’t do it, then no one in our clan can.”

Everyone knew who Chi Lian was speaking of, and they approved of it one after another.

Gu Yue Bo smiled. “In that case, we will assign this task to Chi Shan’s team.”

•••

It was early autumn, and the weather was gradually turning cool.

On a table by the window of the tavern, Fang Yuan was sitting alone, calmly tasting some wine.

The tavern shopkeeper was standing beside him, bowing his head.

“Shopkeeper, have you found out anything about that bitter shell wine I asked you about a few days ago?” Fang Yuan asked.

Fang Yuan was lacking a bitter wine for the Liquor Worm’s refinement.

However, bitter wines were difficult to find, and because of the matter with the Red Steel Relic Gu, people were paying more attention to him. Wherever he went, people would point him out. Thus, it was not easy to make inquiries into bitter wines.

Only in the last few days had the commotion calmed down. Perhaps because it was said that troubles are followed by good fortune, Fang Yuan had accidentally found a clue to the bitter wine.

The old shopkeeper promptly replied, “Young Master, regarding the bitter shell wine, apparently someone in Bai Village has drunk it before. The raw material of this wine is a type of conch found in deep water. It is black, with circles of white lines on its shell resembling a tree’s growth rings. As you might expect, it is called a bitter shell. Normal conches can form pearls, but the bitter shell swallows the sand and sediment in the water, dissolving them and forming bitter water instead. Apparently, someone discovered that you can take this bitter water and use it to brew wine. Its taste is very unique; bitter and fragrant.”

Fang Yuan slightly raised his eyebrows. “Does that mean Bai Village has this bitter shell wine?”

The shopkeeper hurriedly bowed further. “I don’t dare to guarantee it, I have only heard some rumors. However, the truth is, Bai Village isn’t known for bitter shell wine, but for its white grain wine. This wine, along with our clan’s green bamboo wine and Xiong Village’s bear gall wine, are renowned as the three wines of Qing Mao Mountain. Bitter shell wine…I think even if there is some in Bai Village, there wouldn’t be much.”

Even if there is little, I have to find it, Fang Yuan thought.

But this matter was troublesome; Bai Village had been gradually growing in strength in recent years, beginning to challenge Gu Yue Village’s dominance over the mountain.

If Fang Yuan wanted to enter Bai Village without permission, the patrolling Bai Clan’s Gu Masters might kill him before he even saw the village gate.

Even so, Fang Yuan still wanted to attempt it. After all, getting this bitter shell wine was more reasonable than the green Ai wine from his memories that was immeasurably far away.

As he broke away from his contemplations, Fang Yuan found that the old shopkeeper was still standing beside him. He waved his hand, “Alright, that will be all.”

The old man hesitated, for a moment, his mind warring over whether to speak.

He finally summoned his courage. “Young Master, could you please take back this tavern again? All of us here want to work for you. You might not be aware, but when the old master regained ownership, he deducted most of our wages. With so few primeval stones each month, it is difficult for us to support our families.”

Fang Yuan shook his head, expressionless. “I have already sold this tavern to him. According to the contract, I can’t take it back. Moreover, I don’t want to engage in this business. You can leave now.”

“But, Young Master…” The old man still didn’t move.

Fang Yuan frowned in annoyance. “Remember, I am no longer your master!”

He had previously increased their salaries to arouse their passion for their work: it was all for himself. However, these people mistook it for his tolerance and wanted to push their luck.

Right now, selling Vitality Leaves could only fulfill his own needs. On top of that, he was feeling vexed due to the bitter wine. Why would he take back the tavern for these people?

“But Young Master, we really can’t keep going like this! Please show mercy and have pity on us,” the shopkeeper begged, falling to his knees.

The sound immediately attracted attention from the surrounding guests.

Fang Yuan laughed coldly. He picked up a wine jar from the table and smashed it over the shopkeeper’s head.

Kachak.

The jar shattered and the wine splashed all around, mixing with the blood flowing from the old man’s head.

“Did you think I wouldn’t dare to kill you? You tactless fool, get lost.” Fang Yuan’s eyes were like ice.

The old shopkeeper’s whole body trembled under that gaze. He fled the scene in fear.

No matter which world it was, there would always be a group of weak people who would brazenly and indiscreetly ask for charity from the strong, as if helping the weak was their duty and not helping them was wrong.

The weak should have the manners of the weak; they should either resign themselves to their fate and act like slaves, or try hard while keeping a low profile.

The strong only chose to give charity when they were in a good mood.

Weaklings who refused to work hard and shamelessly begged the strong, even making demands of them and leeching off them, deserved to be rejected.

People who were content with being weak, who didn’t put in their own effort and only thought of begging from the strong, simply weren’t deserving of sympathy.

“Shopkeeper…”

“Quick, bandage the wounds.”

The waiters hurriedly surrounded the old man whose face was covered with blood.

The old shopkeeper was only a mortal, it wouldn’t be a problem even if he was killed.

The result of the little performance bored the surrounding guests; they turned back and continued with their discussions.

“Did you know? Something big happened recently!”

“Are you talking about that River-Swallowing Toad? Who doesn’t know about that?”

“It’s a rank five Gu, if it isn’t dealt with properly, the village might fall into crisis!”

“It is said that this River-Swallowing Toad’s food is water. When it is hungry, it opens its mouth wide enough to swallow a whole river!”

“If it is angered, it could spit out so much water that it could flood the whole mountain. We might die!”

“Then what should we do?”

“We just have to see how the elders will deal with it. After all, where could we escape to?”

Bewilderment and confusion pervaded the air in the tavern.

River-Swallowing Toad… Fang Yuan smiled inwardly as he heard the gossip.

Fear was infectious, it increased the more it was spread.

In reality, the River-Swallowing Toad was a very gentle Gu. It preferred to spend its time sleeping on its back as it drifted down a river.

Whenever it got hungry, it would wake up and swallow the river till it was full before going back to sleep. It had no interest in fighting or killing, and if it met an enemy, its first reaction would be to flee. It would only attack if it had no other option.

It was very powerful and could release a torrential river from its mouth, engulfing the land and instantly transforming it into a swamp.

This River-Swallowing Toad probably fell asleep, drifted along the Huang Long River, and accidentally entered a tributary that brought it to the foot of the mountain, Fang Yuan guessed.

* * *

[1]. Huang Long River (黄龙江) – “Yellow Dragon River”, also the name of a real river in China.

