Chapter 1178: Contest Over Hei Fan Grotto-heaven (2/3)


Inside Hei Fan grotto-heaven.


The desolate beast wolf group that numbered to a hundred was charging towards them.


Hao Zhen and Chou Lao Wu stood side by side, having solemn expressions.


They looked at each other before using their strongest technique again, immortal killer move —— Wind Thunder Roar!


Bam…


The wind and lightning pillar swept the battlefield, at once, the earth shook, the sky trembled, few desolate beast wolves were left, they had suffered immense damage.


Fang Yuan and the others were right beside Hao Zhen and Chou Lao Wu, their expressions changed.


Every time they saw wind thunder roar, they felt their hearts shaking, such battle strength was truly at the peak of rank seven. Those desolate beast wolves were mostly clones, even weaker than their true bodies, they could not withstand wind thunder roar.


Even two true bodies died. The final one had been lucky enough to survive this wind thunder roar because it was at the back of the group.


“Kill it, we cannot let this true body escape. Otherwise, in a few hours, it will have another group of clones protecting it again!” Gu Immortal Wei Ming shouted, pouncing at it.


This Gu Immortal’s eyes were shut, he was a blind man. He had rank seven cultivation level and incredible battle strength. He became blind on purpose as he pursued battle strength.




“Be careful, there is a fragrant sorcerer yin statue wolf!” At the next moment, Immortal Wang shouted frantically.


Wei Ming’s body froze, at that moment, a fragrant sorcerer yin statue wolf appeared out of nowhere, its sharp fangs were about to bite Wei Ming.


Wei Ming snorted coldly, his body retreated backwards towards the left like an illusory shadow.


The fragrant sorcerer yin statue wolf bit, but it missed by an inch, its sharp teeth did not land on Wei Ming.


Wei Ming broke out in cold sweat, suddenly saying: “Oh no!”


At the next moment, the fragrant sorcerer yin statue wolf opened its mouth as a lump of green wind shot towards Wei Ming like a plasma cannon.


Wei Ming’s defenses lasted for a short while before they were torn apart, his entire body was shredded into countless pieces of flesh.


Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s clone stood arrogantly on the fragrant sorcerer yin statue wolf’s head, he had a cold expression as Immortal Gu aura emanated from him.


“You ran away quickly, but next time, you will not be so lucky.” Heavenly Lord Bai Zu said coldly.


“So close, so close, thankfully, I used my body replacement killer move!” The real Wei Ming showed himself, he had managed to escape.




“This happened again.” The immortals’ gazes focused on Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, they had heavy hearts.


The fragrant sorcerer yin statue wolf was an ancient desolate beast, it had rank seven battle strength. Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s clone could use Immortal Gu, coordinating with the fragrant sorcerer yin statue wolf. He would observe the situation and use the Immortal Gu at appropriate times, because of that, their combined battle strength was many times higher!


At the start, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was sending large numbers of desolate beasts to invade Hei Fan grotto-heaven. But now, he gained a deeper understanding of Hei Fan grotto-heaven, he could use desolate beasts and clones to create battle opportunities, to even send in ancient desolate beasts.


Every ancient desolate beast was accompanied by a clone of Heavenly Lord Bai Zu. This combination had appeared many times already, it was gradually changing the battle situation.


Immortal Wang immediately turned into the falling star hound, saying human words: “Brother Hao and Brother Chou, quickly retreat. This fragrant sorcerer yin statue wolf has hidden itself, it probably is attempting to target you two.”


Hao Zhen and Chou Lao Wu had pale faces, they were very weak.


Wind thunder roar was powerful, but using this move had a huge price.


For the following period of time, Chou Lao Wu and Hao Zhen would have reduced battle strength, their usefulness would fall drastically.


This contest over Hei Fan grotto-heaven had been ongoing for days. Hao Zhen and Chou Lao Wu’s wind thunder roar was a powerful tool, especially useful against desolate beast groups.


All the Gu Immortals agreed on this.


Thus, for the eventual victory, the Gu Immortals were intentionally protecting the lives of Hao Zhen and Chou Lao Wu.


Chou Lao Wu and Hao Zhen also understood this, they immediately retreated.


“I will escort you.” Li Si Chun flew to them.


Fang Yuan, Immortal Wang, and Wei Ming were left.


“Quickly settle this ancient desolate beast, about three thousand li away, another ancient desolate beast has appeared.” At this time, Chu Du sent them a message.


“I will block it from the front, the two of you find a chance to kill it!” Immortal Wang howled, turning into the falling star hound to face the fragrant sorcerer yin statue wolf.


Fang Yuan and Wei Ming cooperated, one flew into the sky while the other went to the back, attacking at the same time.


An intense battle ensued.


Immortal Wang was temporarily matched against it, Fang Yuan found a chance and flying sword Immortal Gu flew over.


Ding!


With a loud sound, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s clone used his Immortal Gu and blocked it.


“Use an immortal killer move, what can an Immortal Gu do on its own? Woof!” When Immortal Wang felt anxious, he would subconsciously bark like a dog.


“What do you know?” Fang Yuan sneered in disdain.


At the next moment, Wei Ming attacked, a light path immortal killer move destroyed Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s clone.


It turned out, Fang Yuan had attacked on purpose to draw the attention of Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s clone, so that Wei Ming could find a chance to attack.


As they continued to fight, the Gu Immortals in Hei Fan grotto-heaven started to develop some coordination.


“They are just clones, they have limited intelligence. But this type of Immortal Gu usage is truly incredible!” Fang Yuan sighed internally.


He had already felt this many times.


Destroying the Heavenly Lord Bai Zu clone did not destroy the Immortal Gu. It seemed like the Immortal Gu was also a clone that was with Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s clone.


It was unknown how Heavenly Lord Bai Zu managed to do that.


Thus, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s strength was only slightly weakened, he did not suffer much losses.


Next, the three immortals attacked the fragrant sorcerer yin statue wolf.


This ancient desolate beast was covered with dao marks, it had incredible defense. Fang Yuan used flying sword Immortal Gu but could only puncture its skin and fur. After piercing deeply into its flesh, it could not move anymore. Even the immortal killer move sword mark targeting death was inefficient, a lot of its power was negated by the fragrant sorcerer yin statue wolf’s dao marks.


Thankfully, without the help of Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s clone, the fragrant sorcerer yin statue wolf’s intelligence alone could not match the three immortals.


During this period, many distorted shadows had appeared in the sky, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was attempting to send in more clones to help the fragrant sorcerer yin statue wolf.


But Fang Yuan and the rest discovered them in time and attacked, preventing the Heavenly Lord clones from reaching the fragrant sorcerer yin statue wolf.


Minutes later, this fragrant sorcerer yin statue wolf was killed and cut into pieces by Fang Yuan and the rest, they split up the flesh into three portions evenly among themselves.


The death of an ancient desolate beast was quite a loss to Heavenly Lord Bai Zu.


But in this situation, in order to take down Hei Fan grotto-heaven, he had to continue!


Fang Yuan and the others had severe losses too, especially Fang Yuan, his green grape immortal essence expenditure was huge.


“We have been fighting a lot these last days, if this continues, my green grape immortal essence will be used up.” Fang Yuan showed no expression, but he was getting anxious internally.


The other Gu Immortals were rank seven, they used red date immortal essence to activate rank seven Immortal Gu, it was fitting.


But Fang Yuan used green grape immortal essence, it was very hard and inefficient.


Thankfully, Fang Yuan had good finances, he sold desolate beast and ancient desolate beast corpses from time to time, sustaining his expenditure.


After killing this fragrant sorcerer yin statue wolf, the three immortals went to the next battlefield, they had no time to rest.


The situation was getting worse.


Some days ago, Fang Yuan could still hide inside the trench and guard the multicolored guts.


But recently, he had to go around helping out the others.


Right now, he was like a firefighter, he could not rest, he had to travel and help out the different battlefields.


Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s main body was blocked by Chu Du, but he had incredible methods, he continued to send in ancient desolate beasts and desolate beasts, it caused the situation in Hei Fan grotto-heaven to tilt in his favor.


A moment later, Fang Yuan and the rest arrived.


It was a heavenly dragon, it had seven claws and a terrifying dragon head, it was an ancient desolate beast.


Someone was already fighting the heavenly dragon, in order to defend Hei Fan grotto-heaven, Chu Du spent a lot of funds getting more Gu Immortal experts to help him, other than Immortal Wang’s group.


This female Gu Immortal, Sang Qing Qu, was one of them.


Her path was very special, it was actually theft path!


This was the path created by Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable, there were few inheritances regarding it.


Sang Qing Qu was at a disadvantage, she was unable to hold much longer, even though she had stolen a lot of mortal Gu from the heavenly dragon’s body, it had little effect on the enemy.


Fang Yuan and the rest quickly went to help, attacking the ancient desolate beast heavenly dragon.


This time, they were not as lucky as last time.


After spending a lot of effort, the immortals finally killed Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s clone.


Killing the heavenly dragon took multiple times as long as the last beast, because the heavenly dragon could fly and was very fast, it was not easy to hunt.


After killing this heavenly dragon, Fang Yuan’s mood became grimmer.


In the battle, his immortal essence expenditure was several times that of before. Currently, his usage was greatly exceeding his gain in immortal essence stones. At this rate, in a few days, he would be out of immortal essence.


The Gu Immortals gathered together and split the heavenly dragon corpse, when Chu Du spoke: “Quick! The battle earlier was a decoy by Heavenly Lord, he has already planted a field of desolate plant snow willows here, we have to get rid of them, once Heavenly Lord gets a foothold in here, the consequences will be severe.”


Fang Yuan and the rest noticed how dangerous the situation was, they did not dare to wait, they acted immediately.


A moment later, they arrived at the scene, the situation was far more severe than they had expected.


Not only was there a field of desolate plant snow willows, there were a hundred ice spike divine apes to guard them. Snow willows had an abundance of snow path dao marks, the ice spike divine ape was also ice path, the two complemented each other, and countless Heavenly Lord clones were moving around the snow willow forest, setting up Gu formations.


“We have to destroy this camp, the longer we drag on, the greater his advantage.” Chu Du said: “If there is no other way, I will act myself!”


“You should stay there and defend against Heavenly Lord. If his main body comes in, we are all finished.” Hao Zhen quickly responded.


He and Chou Lao Wu had also arrived, even though he had not recovered, the situation was dire, they had to risk their lives.


At the next moment, six Gu Immortals split up and charged towards the snow willow forest, engaging in an intense battle!




