Chapter 118: Legend of the River-Swallowing Toad


It was said that every single River-Swallowing Toad’s stomach carried a river.

Fang Yuan did not use the River-Swallowing Toad in his previous life, but he had a strong impression of the Gu due to a particular person.

A normal person, a family servant.

Around two hundred years later in his previous life, a very special Gu Master would appear: Jiang Fan.

His existence shocked numerous Gu Masters, and his story was spread by countless mortals.

Once he appeared, he became a legend.

His success was attributed to a River-Swallowing Toad.

Jiang Fan was a mere family servant, single-handedly taking care of a fishery for his master. One day, a River-Swallowing Toad arrived at the nearby shore of the river, sleeping belly-up in the water.

Jiang Fan was initially scared and shocked, but slowly, he thought that the giant toad might be dead, for it did not move at all.

The “toad corpse” dammed the river and caused many problems for Jiang Fan, who was managing the fishery.

Jiang Fan tried many different methods to move this “toad corpse” away. But he was a mere mortal, how could he move something as heavy as the River-Swallowing Toad?

His master was stingy and cruel, and if he could not meet the monthly quota, his head would be removed. Jiang Fan did not dare to report it, as not too long ago a fellow servant had reported a proper reason for not fulfilling his quota and was killed on the spot.

Seeing that the due date was getting closer, and the corpse still remained there blocking the water, Jiang Fan became more frightened, and his temper became more abusive and frustrated.

Although he knew that he could not move the “corpse” away, he would still go to it every day to punch and kick it, to vent his anger and frustration and fear in the face of death.

But one day, the River-Swallowing Toad woke up, and with its half-opened eyes, stared at Jiang Fan.

Jiang Fan’s legs went soft from shock.

The River-Swallowing Toad was still half-asleep, and continued lying there as though it were a corpse. After some time, Jiang Fan regained his composure.

He was not afraid. He was going to die anyway, what was there to be afraid of?

He climbed to the top of the River-Swallowing Toad’s belly, and lay face up. Staring at the sky, he said, “Toad, oh toad. You are the same as me, with only one last breath left in you. You’re about to die too, huh?”

He did not know about the characteristics of the River-Swallowing Toad. Looking at it resting there, he thought that it was going to die. Jiang Fan’s face flooded with tears.

The River-Swallowing Toad narrowed its eyes, listening to Jiang Fan’s words while staring at the sky.

For the next few days, he continued to lay on the River-Swallowing Toad’s soft white belly, talking, crying, and complaining about the pain and the repressed feelings of a mortal.

Finally, the deadline arrived. The steward came down from the village to the fishery to collect the fish.

Where could Jiang Fan find fish to meet the quota? Left with no choice, he could only offer the excuse that he needed to do some packing, and ran to the River-Swallowing Toad to bid farewell.

He patted its belly. “Old toad, to think that I’m going to die first. It must be fate that we met. I hope that in your remaining days, you will have a better life.”

At that moment, the River-Swallowing Toad started moving.

Jiang Fan was taken aback. Seeing the River-Swallowing Toad’s movements growing larger, he quickly jumped off.

Plop!

The River-Swallowing Toad flipped over, fully awoken.

Jiang Fan’s body was drenched. He glared at the toad and stomped his foot. “Old toad, oh old toad, so you can still move? Ahhhh, you have caused my death, if you had moved a few days ago, I would not have to die!”

The River-Swallowing Toad ignored his words. It had just woken up and felt hungry.

Still half-submerged in the river, it opened its mouth and started to suck in the water to sate its hunger.

Jiang Fan was dumbfounded. He saw the water level visibly falling as it fed.

Though countless gallons of river water went into its gullet, its belly did not expand even a bit, almost like it was a bottomless pit.

A moment later, the River-Swallowing Toad stopped. The river had already dropped to the point that bedrock was exposed, and if a person stood in it, the water would only reach their knees.

Jiang Fan stood on the shore, lost for words.

The River-Swallowing Toad glanced at him and suddenly burped. It opened its mouth wide again as its stomach expanded and contracted, and it vomited out a tremendous quantity of seafood.

Fish, prawns, turtles, crabs, snails, eels, everything!

The River-Swallowing Toad only ate water as its food. Hence, it vomited out everything else it had swallowed along with the river water.

At that moment, it seemed like it was raining seafood.

In the blink of an eye, the seafood had formed into a small mountain. Jiang Fan was exhilarated. He shouted happily, “I’m saved, I’m saved! This much seafood can meet my quota for the next three months! Old toad, oh old toad, it is all thanks to you!”

He quickly had the seafood packaged and sent to the steward.

The steward was both shocked and suspicious. How could there be so much? He quickly reported it, and the Gu Masters began to investigate both the large haul of seafood and the fallen water level in the river.

They easily found out about the River-Swallowing Toad.

It was a rank five Gu!

The village fell into a panic and they formed an army to drive away the River-Swallowing Toad.

Jiang Fan did not want the River-Swallowing Toad to be harmed. Recently, he had come to think of the toad as his only friend.

He kneeled before the Gu Masters and pleaded hysterically. But why would Gu Masters care about a mere mortal? They kicked him aside and were about to murder him.

But at that moment, the River-Swallowing Toad arrived.

Nobody knew if it also considered Jiang Fan its friend, or felt that being with Jiang Fan was interesting and could cure its boredom.

Regardless of the reason, it struck.

It carried Jiang Fan on its back and vomited out a stream of river water that engulfed the whole village and drowned half the mountain.

This battle startled the entire Southern Border!

Thereafter, Jiang Fan’s name spread throughout the endless mountains. With the River-Swallowing Toad by his side, it could be said that he owned a rank five Gu worm!

Even a rank five Gu Master might not have a rank five Gu worm!

Rank five Gu Masters were rare. Even in the entire Gu Yue Clan’s history, there were only two: the founder and the fourth generation clan leader.

Jiang Fan did not have an awakened aperture, but as a mere mortal, he actually had a River-Swallowing Toad.

His existence stunned the entire Gu Master world.

After that, Jiang Fan rebuilt the village that had been destroyed by the toad. He became a tolerant man and sympathized with mortals, and preached equality between them and Gu Masters. It was a village without oppression.

He became a banner of equality, and the mortals in the surrounding villages flocked to him and looked to him.

But eventually, he was assassinated.

Just the friendship of a River-Swallowing Toad could not make him truly powerful. He was not a Gu Master after all, and after his death, the River-Swallowing Toad left.

Gu Masters razed his village to the ground and slaughtered the mortals who dared to oppose them.

As a mortal, Jiang Fan had challenged the system of the entire world, and that brought forth the rage of Gu Masters.

I wonder if Jiang Fan will still appear in this life after my influence. After his recollection, Fang Yuan laughed.

But Chi Shan could not laugh.

His face was grim as he returned.

The villagers in the hamlets at the foot of the mountain were waiting for the Gu Masters to deal with this problem.

But the great Chi Shan had arrived and still could not solve the issue. The villagers fell into a panic.

Soon, they packed their things, took their families, and rushed up to Gu Yue Village. They naturally did not dare to step inside without permission, so more and more villagers kneeled outside the gates, begging the Gu Masters to have mercy and let them in.

In the hall.

“What? These lowly commoners dare to surround the main gate?! Atrocious, they are getting more and more daring! Kill them, kill them all!” the Punishment Hall Elder roared.

The Medicine Hall Elder, Yao Ji, also wore a grim expression. “Although these mortals deserve death, killing a few is enough to threaten the rest and chase them away. But it would be like a joke for the other villages to observe.”

Chi Lian said, “They’re not important right now. If even Chi Shan cannot wake this River-Swallowing Toad, who else in our clan can? It seems we have to get reinforcements. The Xiong Clan specializes in strength.” He sighed and continued, “For the safety of the clan, we should get them to do it. Even if we have to pay a price, it is worth it.”

These words were met with sounds of approval from the other elders, and even Gu Yue Bo was moved.

“Elders, I have something to report.” Chi Shan had been standing in the hall, listening to their discussion, but suddenly he bowed and spoke.

Gu Yue Bo nodded appreciatively. “Chi Shan, if you have any ideas, please share them.”

Chi Shan asked a question instead. “Elders, must we truly rely on only one person’s strength to shake the River-Swallowing Toad awake?”

Gu Yue Bo replied, “According to the previous clan leader’s words, the River-Swallowing Toad has a mild temper and loves to sleep. Even if it is awakened by someone pushing it, it should not grow angry. Thus, we asked you, the strongest in the village, to wake it. But it ended in failure.”

Chi Shan said, “Then can I be granted a Brute Force Longhorn Beetle Gu? A bull’s strength together with my own should be enough to wake it.”

“You definitely cannot use a Gu worm.” A clan elder immediately denied his request. “A Gu worm’s aura will make the River-Swallowing Toad wary. If it feels threatened and decides to go on a rampage, who will be responsible?”

“That’s right,” Gu Yue Bo nodded. “If you use a Gu worm to wake it, you will not receive its approval. It has to be a single person, using their own strength to wake it.”

Gu were the essence of heaven and earth, but they behaved more like beasts. Wild beasts claimed their territories, and when they roamed and encountered other would-be rulers, they would fight. The victor would take the territory and the loser would be driven off and leave.

The formation of a beast tide was also based on this instinct. Strong beast groups would invade and conquer neighboring land. Weaker groups would be exiled, forming the beast tide.

To chase the River-Swallowing Toad away, they had to abide by its habits.

It had a mild temperament and did not enjoy conflict, so as long as it recognized a “king” and its territory, it would leave.

Using Gu worms was forbidden, as nobody knew how the toad would react to another Gu’s aura. Combining the strength of multiple people would not work, because wild beasts would not acknowledge the challenge and victory of a group.

Thus, the elders had sent Chi Shan, as he was the strongest in the village.

“So that’s it, I understand.” Chi Shan cupped his fist. “In that case, I will recommend someone to the clan elders, he has greater strength than me.”

“Oh, who?”

“There’s such a person, why did we not know?”

“Chi Shan, don’t keep us waiting, what’s his name?”

“It is Gu Yue Fang Yuan,” Chi Shan replied.

