Chapter 1181: Sudden Changes, Benefits are Key


Five Elements Grandmaster: “Eighty-Eight True Yang Building is a forewarning, while Bai Zu tribe’s creation is an obvious sign. Next, the influence of the Huang Jin tribes will start to fade away.”


“Because this is the trend of humanity in Northern Plains!”


“You say that I was affected by heaven’s will, that is not so! I was rushed here by the tide of humanity, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s reputation can no longer intimidate me, he has been dead for too long!”


“Next, more Gu Immortals will be discontent with the Huang Jin tribes, and covet your wealth. Northern Plains is full of battles, Northern Plains Gu Immortals have bravery and fighting spirit, suppression would only be met with even more resolute and crazed resistance.”


“I am just the first person to come to Longevity Heaven. Next, more and more will come here. Are you prepared for it?”


There was silence.


The Eight Extremities were so angry they were trembling, having cold expressions.


Heaven Extremity had a stiff expression, he smiled forcefully: “Amazing rank eight Gu Immortal, amazing Five Elements Grandmaster. You want to convince us that instead of being wiped out by this trend, we should merge and ride the wave, imitating Gong tribe to take in more lone immortals and demonic cultivators, to recruit a rank eight Gu Immortal like you?”


“We do not have a deep feud, we can cooperate.” Five Elements Grandmaster said solemnly: “Even though the Four Desolation Immortals are rank eight, they have little lifespan, they cannot move around freely. I have no such problems.”


Heaven Extremity laughed maniacally: “Hahaha! You? You are looking down on the foundation of the Huang Jin tribes! Or rather, you are looking down on Ancestor Giant Sun! If not for you, us Eight Extremities would have gone to rebuild Eighty-Eight True Yang Building already. And that Bai Zu tribe is merely a short-lived flicker. Such impure bloodline and he wants to be in the righteous path? Heavenly Lord Bai Zu? Is he worthy?! The righteous path of Northern Plains are the Huang Jin tribes!”


Liu tribe’s base camp.




Xuan Bai blessed land.


“Ah, the Longevity Edict!” Liu tribe’s first supreme elder was extremely shocked, he quickly knelt down and received it.


Liu tribe was one of the super forces, a Huang Jin tribe, the descendants of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.


Meanwhile, Longevity Heaven was the rank nine grotto-heaven of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, among the Huang Jin tribes, it represented supreme authority.


Liu tribe’s first supreme elder received the Longevity Edict.


The Longevity Edict was golden in color, it resembled a token, but it was in essence, an information path Immortal Gu.


He felt a sensation and understood the information in the Longevity Edict.


Liu tribe’s first supreme elder frowned: “Longevity Heaven has orders for us Huang Jin tribes to work together and deal with Bai Zu tribe?”


This order caught him off guard.


Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was fighting with Chu Du, the entirety of Liu tribe’s Gu Immortals were happy to see this.




Bai Zu tribe took over Hei tribe, their forces bordered Liu tribe. Because Bai Zu tribe had a rank eight Gu Immortal, Liu tribe had a very vigilant attitude, while feeling deep wariness.


And Chu Du had a feud with Liu tribe, his reputation as Domination Immortal was mostly due to Liu tribe to begin with.


The contest between these two, in Liu tribe’s opinion, was one foe fighting another. Liu tribe was watching on the fence, wanting to see them both suffer losses.


Chu Du was in trouble, Liu tribe felt good seeing it, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu had taken revenge for them.


Heavenly Lord Bai Zu suffering losses would cause Bai Zu tribe’s reputation to fall in the future, it was a great thing for Liu tribe. Nobody would want a fierce tiger to live around them, a weak neighbor was better than a strong one.


“But now that the Longevity Edict is out, we have to follow it.”


“My Liu tribe is close to Hei tribe’s former territory, once this battle starts, we will face pressure many times that of the other tribes.”


Liu tribe’s first supreme elder left his information on Longevity Edict, on the Immortal Gu, before letting it go, as the Longevity Edict tore through the sky.


Next, this Immortal Gu would continue to visit the other Huang Jin tribes.


Back to the present time.


Inside Hei Fan grotto-heaven.


Chu Du and Fang Yuan, who received this information, were surprised and overjoyed.


“All of the righteous path super forces, the Huang Jin tribes are attacking Bai Zu tribe, this way, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu is bound to retreat.” Fang Yuan spoke with a smile.


“The Huang Jin tribes that have never gotten along are acting in unison at such speed, I wonder what happened.” Chu Du was confused.


Fang Yuan’s eyes shined: “Perhaps Longevity Heaven sent an edict.”


“Longevity Heaven?” Chu Du’s expression changed, he thought for a while: “It seems that is the only reason.”


In fact, the situation of the forces in Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world was quite similar to Central Continent.


Central Continent had ten great ancient sects, Northern Plains had the Huang Jin bloodline super forces, Central Continent had the Heavenly Court ruling above, while Northern Plains had Longevity Heaven that stood in the sky.


More similarly, the ten great ancient sects were the lower level sects of Heavenly Court, while Longevity Heaven similarly had great influence on the Northern Plains Huang Jin tribes.


Perhaps in the past, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had imitated Central Continent, purposely creating this situation.


“Why did Longevity Heaven suddenly send an edict, ordering the Huang Jin tribes to work together and deal with Bai Zu tribe? Bai Zu tribe is backed by a rank eight Gu Immortal.” Chu Du thought, feeling doubts.


What made him unable to comprehend it was, if Longevity Heaven wanted to deal with Bai Zu tribe, the best time to strike was when Hei tribe had just been destroyed.


But at that time, Longevity Heaven did not act. So why did they wait until now? Was Longevity Heaven also interested in Hei Fan grotto-heaven?


Thinking of this possibility, Chu Du’s heart sank.


“No matter what, we need to make use of the remaining time and talk to Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, ending this conflict. Immortal Gu ‘No’ and ‘Care’ were prepared for this moment.” Fang Yuan reminded.


Chu Du came back to his senses, he said solemnly: “You are right.”


He immediately sent his clone to converse with Heavenly Lord Bai Zu.


Right now, Chu Du was the owner of Hei Fan grotto-heaven, he had made many arrangements here, the Gu worms that he sent out were not detected by others.


Heavenly Lord Bai Zu had more information than Chu Du.


He knew that right forces, the righteous path forces were coming at Bai Zu tribe because Longevity Heaven had directly sent a Longevity Edict!


He was very shocked, he did not know why Longevity Heaven was suddenly finding trouble with him.


In the past, when creating the tribe, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was worried about Longevity Heaven, he was waiting for a response from them.


Longevity Heaven’s silence made Heavenly Lord Bai Zu feel like he had probed its bottom line. He thought: As a grand rank eight, Longevity Heaven might not want to deal with him, after all, there was no good reason for it.


The commotion and change in Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world made Heavenly Lord Bai Zu very perplexed.


“Yao Huang and Prince Feng Xian are righteous path Gu Immortals, Prince Feng Xian might not come, but Yao Huang is a true Huang Jin bloodline member. Other than that, there is still Longevity Heaven. Hmm… Five Elements Grandmaster has a good understanding of Longevity Heaven, I might be able to get some information from him.”


Heavenly Lord Bai Zu thought quickly, the situation was turning for the worse rapidly, he felt immense pressure on him.


He was still unaware that Five Elements Grandmaster was already fighting with Longevity Heaven. In fact, the current situation was caused by the conversation between Five Elements Grandmaster and Heaven Extremity.


“As for Hei Fan grotto-heaven…” Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s gaze became dark, he assessed: “I cannot take it down for now, I should stop. I cannot waste any time and energy now, I need to put all my effort into defending my hard work.”


Heavenly Lord Bai Zu wanted to retreat.


The reason why he wanted to take down Hei Fan grotto-heaven was due to the loss of his reputation, it might cause a commotion and result in severe losses to Bai Zu tribe’s interests.


But now, Bai Zu tribe was in a crisis. Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s own interests were severely infringed now.


This situation was truly the worst, how could Heavenly Lord Bai Zu have any effort to spare for Hei Fan grotto-heaven!


But in this situation, Chu Du’s Gu worm arrived in Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s hands.


“Oh? As expected of the Domination Immortal…” After understanding Chu Du’s intention, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s gaze became dark and eerie.


The contest for Hei Fan grotto-heaven ended at once!


What made the Northern Plains Gu Immortal world shocked was, Chu Du not only came to a resolution with Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, he even gave up a portion of Hei Fan grotto-heaven, and created an alliance with Heavenly Lord Bai Zu!


After achieving the alliance agreement, Chu Du let Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s main body into Hei Fan grotto-heaven.


Using Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s deterrence, he went on to deal with those demonic path and lone immortals that he had invited earlier.


These Gu Immortals were facing Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s main body, how could they dare to resist, they could only lower their heads to Domination Immortal.


Chu Du successfully resisted Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, using the power of Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, he forcefully subdued many lone immortals, gathering everyone and creating Chu Sect on that very day.


Chu Sect.


Using Chu Du’s words in his speech: This was the first Gu Immortal sect in Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world! It had extraordinary meaning.


Fang Yuan watched coldly from the side, even though Lang Ya Sect was the actual first sect in Northern Plains, Fang Yuan could not help but gasp in admiration towards Chu Du’s incredible performance.


Chu Du had truly outdone himself.


He gave up a portion of Hei Fan grotto-heaven, but he managed to obtain a rank eight reinforcement, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu!


Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was also a deep schemer.


Northern Plains’ situation gave him huge pressure, he had to find external allies.


And Chu Du could guess his mentality, thus he created Chu Sect, it was far easier than for Heavenly Lord Bai Zu when he created Bai Zu tribe.


Chu Du was not all alone, these last years, he had nurtured many strength path Gu Immortals.


And with Hei Fan grotto-heaven, he had a huge basis for development.


Meanwhile, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu needed Hei Fan grotto-heaven as a backup plan for the entirety of Bai Zu tribe.


Thus, the two sides turned from enemies to allies.


Chou Lao Wu and Hao Zhen, who accidentally killed Bai Zu Wei, were just punished mildly, before they were spared.


Heavenly Lord Bai Zu could no longer bother with these two insignificant figures at this point.


Thus, Hao Zhen and Chou Lao Wu felt immense gratitude towards Domination Immortal, they became the two most loyal people in Chu Sect.


Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world had changed too rapidly.


Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, who was at the peak of his life earlier, having created his own tribe, was now facing the attack of all the Huang Jin tribes.


Chu Du and Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, who were fighting to the death earlier, were now allies.


Ordinary Gu Immortals might be dazzled by these turns of events, but for people like Fang Yuan, it was very clear.


No matter what commotion or changes there were, the key concern throughout was still benefits, it had never changed!




