Chapter 119: Stubborn and in Need of Polish


“Gu Yue Fang Yuan?” The elders couldn’t help but exchange glances upon hearing this name.


They clearly recognized it. In fact, from the beginning, Fang Yuan’s name had occasionally reached their ears.


Especially after the Awakening Ceremony, when he began cultivating as a Gu Master. He was a restless lad, frequently causing disturbances and attracting attention.


“Ah, I remember him. Isn’t he the one who sold his family inheritance to buy a Red Steel Relic Gu?” an elder asked.


Chi Lian’s and Mo Chen’s faces turned ugly.


If Chi Shan or Mo Yan had used the Red Steel Relic Gu, they could ascend to rank two peak stage and match Qing Shu.


Regardless of which faction got the Relic Gu, it would have been a political victory. But to think that this prodigal son had ruined it all!


“Back to the point, that kid is truly strong. At the end-of-year exam, he used his bare fists to shatter Fang Zheng’s Jade Skin Gu and became the champion,” an elder recalled.


This time, it was Gu Yue Bo’s turn to be embarrassed.


He had given Fang Zheng special care and lessons, so his defeat was, in a sense, the clan head faction’s defeat.


As long as one entered the system, they would be labeled with a faction. There were politically neutral factions, but there was no one completely unassociated with a faction.


“But even so, his strength shouldn’t be comparable to yours, right?” Chi Lian doubtfully asked Chi Shan.


Chi San respectfully answered, “Elders, perhaps you might not know. Fang Yuan not only bought the Red Steel Relic Gu, he also purchased a Black Boar Gu. In the last few months, he has been buying pork to feed it and increase his strength. Once, I even saw him moving a huge rock to measure his progress. I am not sure how much strength he has, but from what I have seen, his strength is definitely not inferior to mine.”


“Ah, I see. To think that kid has grown so much.” Gu Yue Bo nodded his head. “Then let’s assign Fang Yuan’s group to give it a try.”


The Internal Affairs Hall Elder awkwardly stood up from his seat. “Lord clan head, Fang Yuan is a loner and hasn’t joined a group.”


“What is that supposed to mean?” Gu Yue Bo frowned.


“The thing is, after the first beast tide, his group was completely annihilated and only he survived,” the Internal Affairs Hall Elder replied.


“Even so, why was he not considered during the reorganization of the teams?” a curious elder asked.


The Internal Affairs Hall Elder sighed heavily. “I reminded him several times about it, but he shows no intention to join a team. Honestly speaking, I don’t approve of him. He is very good at goofing off. It might be that he has lost the will to fight after getting his family’s inheritance.”


“Goofing around? How can that be? He hasn’t joined a group, so how could he complete the mandatory monthly missions?”


The Internal Affairs Hall Elder’s face sank. “Every month, he receives the compulsory mission but fails every time. I haven’t seen a record worse than his; the result of almost every mission is failure. I have already tried talking with him several times, but he stubbornly refuses to do anything about it. However, he hasn’t violated the clan rules, so I can only give him light punishments!”


The elders looked at each other; they had never seen such a youth who didn’t want to succeed.


The more missions one failed, the worse one’s prospects in the clan.


“This kid is an idiot…”


“Hmph, he is too unruly!”


“He is destroying his own future!”


“If I had such an indolent child, I would slap him to death!”


“Enough.” Gu Yue Bo raised his hand, putting a stop to all the whispering. It was hard to tell if he was happy or angry.


Gu Yue Bo’s eyes surveyed the room, finally stopping on the Internal Affairs Hall Elder. “Give Fang Yuan a compulsory mission to try his strength on the River-Swallowing Toad. He is stubborn, rebellious, and unruly, he needs to be polished. If he fails, we can use that to give him some proper punishments.”


“It will be as you say,” the Internal Affairs Hall Elder promptly agreed.


•••


There was a racket in the tavern.


“Did you guys know, the clan sent Chi Shan to the foot of the mountain, but in the end they returned in defeat.”


“The villagers living at the foot of the mountain are all kneeling before the front gate.”


“Hmph, these lowly commoners know nothing. The River-Swallowing Toad is a rank five Gu, do they really think they will be safe in the village?”


Although they pretended to remain calm, these Gu Masters were gradually succumbing to the general air of panic.


Fang Yuan listened briefly before he ignored it; it was no longer fresh news. He stood up and was about to leave when someone entered the tavern.


He was tall and broad, and his chest was bare. His exposed skin and bulging muscles were bright red, as though they were about to erupt.


It was Gu Yue Chi Shan.


The chatter within the tavern immediately stopped. Countless eyes turned to Chi Shan.


He ignored them; he glanced around and found Fang Yuan.


“You were here.” Under everyone’s eyes, he walked up to Fang Yuan. “Let’s go, the clan has already given a compulsory mission. We will go to the foot of the mountain, I will tell you the details on the way.”


Fang Yuan’s eyes flashed. He couldn’t refuse a compulsory mission. Moreover, there was not much danger when facing the River-Swallowing Toad, so he agreed.


Only after Fang Yuan and Chi Shan left the tavern did the racket in the tavern start again.


“Shopkeeper, the heavens have eyes. Look, such quick karmic retribution! It is a rank five Gu that even famous lord Gu Masters are helpless against. Since he is so young, won’t he just lose his life?!”


“We thought Young Master Fang Yuan was different from other Gu Masters and would empathize with the pain and suffering of mortals. Hmph, to think he’s of the same mold. Screw him, who cares if he dies?”


“Shopkeeper, you didn’t suffer this wound in vain, getting a Gu Master’s life in exchange is absolutely worth it.”


The old shopkeeper’s head was covered in bandages. He was leaning weakly against the wall in a corner, groaning.


Several waiters were by his side, consoling him.


The old man’s eyes flashed with resentment, but his mood slightly improved from the encouragement.


However, after listening for a while, he hypocritically berated them in a low voice. “Shut your mouths, can we really talk about this? Aren’t you afraid of losing your lives if the other Gu Masters hear it?!”


The waiters giggled, “Shopkeeper, you are too worried. It’s so noisy in the tavern, who can hear us whispering?”


A Gu Master sitting nearby suddenly said, “I heard it.”


The shopkeeper and waiters paled in terror.


“Lord…” The old shopkeeper ignored the dizzy feeling in his head and hurriedly walked towards the Gu Master to ask for forgiveness.


This Gu Master raised his hand and stopped him.


“You all spoke very well, I liked what you said. That bastard Fang Yuan deserves death! Speak more, I will give you great rewards if I like what you say!” The Gu Master took out a primeval stone and slammed it down on the table.


If Fang Yuan were here, he would recognize this person. He was the healing Gu Master from the small beast tide. Fang Yuan had used the girl this Gu Master liked as a shield to protect himself while he hid in the boar king’s corpse. Thus, this Gu Master bore a deep and irreconcilable grudge against Fang Yuan.


The waiters looked at each other. One of the bolder ones stared at the primeval stone on the table, wide-eyed.


The Gu Master’s three companions frowned, but didn’t stop him. They could only listen to the waiters insulting Fang Yuan as if they were in a competition.


•••


It was early autumn, and the beauty of the season was all around.


In the forests, the tree leaves were arrayed in countless shades, from green to yellow to faint hints of red.


In the paddies, stalks of yellow-orange rice waved in the autumn wind.


In the fields, the vegetables were fat, tender, and pleasing to the eye.


Fang Yuan left with Chi Shan’s group and sped down to the foot of the mountain, where he saw the rank five River-Swallowing Toad.


It was enormous, resembling a small hill. It lay belly-side-up in the riverbed and blocked the river channel. The water level upstream had risen so much that it was almost overflowing the riverbanks, while downstream, there was almost nothing; only a shallow, moist riverbed could be seen.


The River-Swallowing Toad’s snow-white belly gleamed in the autumn sun. The skin of its back was a smooth, glossy sky blue, with no warts like those found in common frogs and toads.


It was sound asleep at this moment, and it didn’t make a sound.


Sensing its aura, the two Liquor Worms in Fang Yuan’s aperture curled up into balls. The Black Boar Gu’s usually lively demeanor vanished as it flew down into his primeval sea. The Moonglow Gu that resided in his right palm as a tattoo seemed to fade.


Only the Spring Autumn Cicada was still sleeping peacefully.


Fang Yuan withdrew the Moonglow Gu into his aperture. As long as he didn’t actually activate any Gu, their aura wouldn’t leak out. Putting them in one’s aperture was very safe and reliable.


“Fang Yuan, it’s your turn next,” Chi Shan said from the side.


He had already explained most of the details on the way.


Fang Yuan also approved of this method. Of course, the simplest way was to use the Spring Autumn Cicada; once a rank six Gu worm’s aura leaked out, the River-Swallowing Toad would be frightened and immediately flee.


This was because the River-Swallowing Toad didn’t like fighting. If it were a vicious Gu like the Blood River Python, the Spring Autumn Cicada’s aura would instead send it into a frenzy.


Fang Yuan stood on the riverbank, giving it a few shoves. The River-Swallowing Toad’s skin was slippery, making him feel like his strength was nullified.


In addition, it was extremely heavy. He couldn’t even budge it.


“Having trouble?” Chi Cheng sneered from the side.


Fang Yuan ignored him and said to Chi Shan, “Although I have increased strength from the Black Boar Gu, I’m probably only a little stronger than you. As for pushing this River-Swallowing Toad, it’s not hopeless, but I need your help.”


“What help?” Chi Shan immediately asked.


Fang Yuan slowly explained it. Chi Shan was doubtful. “If we do that, wouldn’t it be teaming up? Even if the River-Swallowing Toad wakes up, will it still acknowledge you and willingly leave?”


Fang Yuan smiled. “Don’t worry. As long as you guys keep a distance and don’t let it detect you, it should work. After all, it’s a Gu, it’s not that intelligent.”


