Chapter 12: Green Bamboo Wine is Fragrant / Gu Master Flaunts Power


Right now everything comes down to the Flower Wine Monk’s treasure. If I can find it, all my problems will be solved. If I don’t find it, all these issues will greatly slow down the speed of my cultivation. If that happens, I’ll fall behind everyone else. I don’t understand! I’ve spent more than a week trying to attract the Liquor Worm, why have I still not seen it?


Fang Yuan frowned and racked his brain. It was like putting food into his mouth, but still not knowing how it tasted.


Suddenly, there was a loud noise, interrupting his thoughts. Fang Yuan looked in the direction of the sound, realizing that the six hunters seated around the table in the middle of the hall were heavily drunk. The atmosphere around them was heated and their faces were all red.


“Brother Zhang, come, drink another cup!”


“Old Brother Feng, we admire your abilities! You took down a black-skinned wild boar alone, what a man! You must drink this cup, or else you’ll be disrespecting us!”


“Thank you, brothers, for your sincerity, but I really can’t drink anymore.”


“You can’t drink anymore? Perhaps it’s because this wine is not good enough? Waiter, come over! Give us some good wine!”


The noise was becoming louder; it was obvious that they were quite drunk. The waiter hurriedly went over and said, “Well, good sirs, we do have good wine, but it is quite expensive.”


“What, you’re afraid we won’t pay up?!” When the hunters heard the waiter, several of them stood up and glared at him. They were either big and tall or thick and burly in stature, capable and vigorous, each having the courage that mountain men possessed.


The waiter quickly said, “I would not dare to look down on you brave men, it’s just that this wine is really expensive. One jar costs two primeval stones!”


The hunters were stunned. Two primeval stones was definitely not cheap — it was two months of a mortal household’s expenses. Hunters earned more from hunting when compared to ordinary mortals; for instance, the black-skinned wild boar Brother Feng had hunted could be worth half a primeval stone on its own. However, hunting was risky, and a mistake could turn the hunter into prey.


To the hunters, using two primeval stones just to drink a jar of wine was just not worth it.


“Is there really such an expensive wine?”


“Boy, you aren’t trying to lie to us, right?”


The hunters were shouting, but there was hesitation in them now. However, their pride wouldn’t let them back out. The waiter kept telling them he wouldn’t dare.


The hunter called Brother Feng saw the situation becoming awkward, and he hurriedly said, “My brothers, let’s not. I can’t drink anymore, let us drink this wine another day.”


“What? You can’t say that, Brother!”


“This is…”


The rest of the hunters were still shouting, but their voices started to fade away. One by one, they sat back in their seats. The waiter was also a shrewd person. When he saw this, he knew that he would no longer be able to sell the wine. However, this situation hardly surprised him. As he was about to retreat, a young man’s voice came from the table in the dark corner. “Haha, hilarious. All of you, blindly shouting for nothing. If you can’t afford to buy wine, you should just shut up and stand aside!”


When the hunters heard this, one of them immediately retorted in anger, “Who said we can’t afford it? Waiter, bring over that jar of wine, I’ll give you the stones!”


“Oh, give me a moment sir, I’ll get it!” The waiter did not expect such a turn of events. He hurriedly grabbed a wine jar and brought it over. It was the same size as a common jar of wine, but the moment it was uncorked, a refreshing and mellow fragrance filled the entire hall. Even the old man sitting alone at the window could not help but turn his head when he smelled it.


It was definitely good wine.


“Dear guests, I spoke no empty words. This is green bamboo wine; in all the village, it is only sold here, at this inn. Smell the fragrance!” The waiter inhaled deeply as he said this, satisfaction and enjoyment evident on his face.


Fang Yuan was moved. The waiter truly was not boasting.


In Gu Yue Village there were three taverns. The wines sold there were ordinary: rice wine, turbid wine, and other similar common wine. In order for Fang Yuan to attract the Liquor Worm, he had bought wine for seven days; it was natural that he was aware of the prices.


Several of the hunters looked at the wine jar before them. They were all great enjoyers of alcohol. Their noses twitched, and they swallowed. As for the hunter who bought the wine in a moment of anger, his face was even more interesting: a mix of remorse and anger.


After all, this jar of wine was worth two primeval stones!


I was too rash and bought the wine on impulse. This waiter is clever. He immediately brought the wine and unsealed it. Even if I want to refuse it now, I can’t.


The more the hunter pondered, the more distressed he felt. He wanted to return it, but his pride would not let him. In the end, he could only strike the table with his fist and say with a strong smile, “Damn, this wine is good! Brothers, please, drink all you want. Today this wine is on me!”


At that moment, the young man at the table in the corner hissed, “How is this small jar of wine enough for six? If you have the guts, then go buy a few more jars.”


The hunter was furious when he heard this and stood up in a rage, his eyes fixed on the young man who spoke. “Brat, you have quite the mouth. Come, stand up and fight me!”


“Oh? Then I will stand up.” The young man got up from his seat as he heard the hunter’s remark, grinning as he walked out from the shadows. His figure was tall and thin, his skin pale. He was dressed in clean and neat navy battle robes. On his head he wore a blue headband, and on his torso a vest that showed his thin and weak shoulders. His lower body was clad in long pants, his feet covered in bamboo sandals, and his calves were bound.


The most important thing about him was the green belt on his waist. The middle of the belt was a shiny piece of copper; on the copper plate, the number “1” was etched in black.


He’s a rank one Gu Master?! The hunter clearly understood what this manner of clothing represented. He drew in a deep breath, the anger on his face dissipating, replaced by alarm.


He never imagined that he had actually provoked a Gu Master!


“Didn’t you want to fight me? Come on then, hit me.” The young Gu Master walked slowly towards the man, a playful smile on his face. But the hunter who had challenged him earlier had frozen like a sculpture, unable to move.


“Maybe you guys can all come at me together, that works too.” The young Gu Master slowly walked to the hunter’s table, still speaking casually.


The expressions on their faces had changed from flushed to pale. Their foreheads were drenched in cold sweat, and they felt restless, barely daring to breathe.


The young Gu Master stretched out a hand, picking up the green bamboo wine jar. He put it under his nose and sniffed, smiling. He said, “It sure smells good…”


“If my lord likes it, then please feel free to take and drink it. It is an apology from me for offending my lord,” the hunter who provoked him earlier hurriedly replied and cupped his fist[1], forcing a smile.


Unexpectedly, the young man’s expression twisted. With a loud crack, the jar shattered to pieces on the ground. The Gu Master’s face was cold as ice, his gaze sharp like a sword. He hissed angrily, “You think you have the right to apologize to me? You bunch of hunters must be really rich, even richer than me, to spend two primeval stones to drink wine! Do you have any idea how upset I am over primeval stones right now? You actually dare to show off your wealth in front of me! Do you mortals think you can even compare to me?!”


“We wouldn’t dare, we wouldn’t dare!”


“To offend my lord, it is a heinous crime!”


“We mortals did not mean to offend you, these are our primeval stones, please accept them, Lord Gu Master.”


The hunters quickly stood and took out the primeval stones they had. But how could these mortals have money? All they pulled out were just bits and pieces of primeval stones, and the biggest fragment was no more than a quarter of a stone.


The Gu Master did not accept these primeval stones, but he did not stop sneering. His hawk-like gaze swept across the entire hall. The hunters lowered their heads. The old man who sat at the window watching the scene also quickly turned his head to avoid the Gu Master’s gaze.


Only Fang Yuan watched quietly, void of hesitation.


The clothing that this young Gu Master was wearing was a uniform that only formal Gu Masters could use, so Fang Yuan was not yet qualified to wear it. He would only receive it from the clan after he graduated from the academy.


The engraving on his belt indicated his position as a rank one Gu Master. However, he was already around twenty years old, and the aura of primeval essence that his body emitted seemed to indicate that he was rank one upper stage.


Starting cultivation at fifteen and only reaching rank one upper stage at twenty, this showed that the young Gu Master had merely D grade talent, even worse than Fang Yuan. There was a high possibility that this man was only a logistics Gu Master, not even a battle Gu Master.


However, even if that was the case, when facing these six brawny hunters it was more than sufficient.


This was the power gap between a Gu Master and a mortal human.


With power, one can be at the top. This is the nature of this world. No, actually, any world is also the same: the strong will devour the weak, and he who has the gold rules. It’s just that this world shows it even more openly, Fang Yuan mused.


“Alright Jiang Ya, you already taught them a lesson. Let’s not further embarrass these mortals. If it gets out, even if you are not embarrassed, I would be,” the other young person sitting in the corner said.


When everyone heard this, they realized that the young man’s companion was a woman.


The young Gu Master called Jiang Ya stopped sneering as his female companion chided him. He did not even bother looking at the fragments of primeval stones that the hunters had taken out; they didn’t even amount to two primeval stones, he was definitely not interested.


He flicked his sleeve and walked back to his original table. As he strode back, he said maliciously, “If you think you have the guts to continue drinking, then go and drink green bamboo wine. I want to see, who still dares to drink this wine?”


The hunters all lowered their heads, acting like six obedient sons after being scolded.


The strong aroma of wine filled the entire hall. The hunter who had bought it felt his heart ache as he smelled the fragrance. After all, he had spent two primeval stones on this wine, yet he didn’t even get to drink a single sip!


Fang Yuan put down his chopsticks; he had eaten enough. As he smelled the wine aroma, his eyes flashed for a moment. Then he took out two primeval stones and put them on the table. “Waiter, give me a jar of green bamboo wine,” he said indifferently.


Everyone froze.


The young Gu Master called Jiang Ya instantly stopped. The corners of his mouth twitched and he exhaled. He had just finished his warning, yet right after he was done Fang Yuan wanted the wine. This was like slapping him in the face.


He turned around and his eyes narrowed as he shot a cold glare at Fang Yuan.


Fang Yuan calmly stared back, his face indifferent and void of fear.


Jiang Ya’s eyes flashed and the coldness in his gaze slowly disappeared; he felt the aura of primeval essence on Fang Yuan’s body. After realizing Fang Yuan’s identity, he lit up with a smile and said warmly, “Ah, it’s a junior brother.”


Everyone else came to the realization and the looks they shot at Fang Yuan changed.


No wonder this young teenager was not one bit afraid of a Gu Master, it was because he was also one. Even though he was still attending the academy, his position was already different.


“Lord Gu Master, your wine!” The waiter scurried over, his face all smiles. Fang Yuan nodded at the young Gu Master, took the jar of wine, and walked out of the inn.


* * *


[1]. As in, the traditional Chinese greeting. There’s also a martial-arts variation with one fist pressed into the palm of the other hand, which is held flat (sometimes called the wushu salute), which is likely the form used in this novel.


