Chapter 120: Literally Effortless


The autumn weather was bright and sunny.

The blue dome of heaven was clean and clear as crystal.

The breeze gently ruffled Fang Yuan’s hair.

In the distance were a few sparsely-populated villages. Nearby, the massive River-Swallowing Toad was slumbering as it dammed the river. Fang Yuan, who was standing on the riverbank, looked like a monkey beside an elephant in comparison to the rank five Gu.

Fang Yuan’s heart was as calm as water, without a trace of nervousness. I used the White Boar Gu and the Black Boar Gu, giving myself the strength of two boars. Together with my own strength, I can match five or six adults at once, but pushing this River-Swallowing Toad is beyond even that. I would need to be as strong as two bulls. However, if I borrow the power of the tides…it’s here.

Swish swish swish…

Fang Yuan turned and saw that waves were forming upstream in the once peaceful river.

They grew larger and larger, crashing against the River-Swallowing Toad and sending water high into the sky.

It had only been a few moments and Fang Yuan was already drenched.

He did not mind it, and began to push the River-Swallowing Toad with vigor.

The River-Swallowing Toad was still fast asleep. It was originally a Gu worm that lived in the rivers and sea, and it was used to the force of such waves.

With the assistance of the endless waves, Fang Yuan tried for some time and finally managed to push the River-Swallowing Toad away from its original location.

The riverbed was wider further downstream. Together with the flow of water, it made it easier to push.

After about three hundred meters, the River-Swallowing Toad opened its sleepy eyes.

A pair of deep green eyes gradually focused and stared at Fang Yuan, who was standing nearby.

Fang Yuan was fearless as he matched its gaze.

He could see his own reflection in those dark, eerie eyes.

“Jiangaaaang!” The River-Swallowing Toad raised its head, suddenly opening its mouth and emitting a strange croak.

The cry spread out and reverberated throughout Qing Mao Mountain.

Fang Yuan could feel his ears going deaf from the ringing noise.

The River-Swallowing Toad lowered its head and opened its mouth, sucking at the approaching river water.

Swish swish swish!

The river began flowing ten times as fast, sucked into the toad’s stomach, and the water level could be seen decreasing with the naked eye.

Fang Yuan stood beside the River-Swallowing Toad, observing its feast. He could also see a lot of seafood flowing into its stomach along with the river water.

Sensing the change in the river, Chi Shan and the others hurried over, and as the three observed the River-Swallowing Toad eating, they were stunned.

“What a spectacular sight!” Chi Cheng observed, unable to hide his shock.

“You succeeded?” Chi Shan looked at Fang Yuan.

“Seems so,” Fang Yuan nodded lightly.

The water level decreased until the river stopped flowing. The River-Swallowing Toad raised its head once again, and its stomach expanded and contracted as it vomited out an incredible amount of seafood.

Suddenly, there was a mountain of fish, prawns, turtles, crabs, and many other creatures. Some fish twitched and splashed desperately, while a turtle flailed in confusion on its back. A few crabs began to scamper away before being crushed by the falling seafood.

Fang Yuan didn’t pay much attention at first, but suddenly he noticed an unusual fragrance.

“Strange, why does it smell like wine?” Chi Cheng sniffed, surprised.

“It should be these hundred-year bitter shells,” the female Gu Master in the group said and pointed at a disc-sized broken black shell.

It was black as ink with white markings around it, like the rings in a tree trunk.

“That’s right, a bitter shell can turn sediment into bitter water. A bitter shell that has fermented this bitter water for a hundred years can produce a kind of wine. The Bai Clan’s current leader loves to drink it,” Chi Shan added.

Before he had even finished his explanation, Fang Yuan had already begun collecting bitter shells.

Not too long ago, he had been worried about how to get this bitter shell wine, but to think it would appear in front of him like this.

It was truly a case of spending so much effort looking for something without any results, only for it to appear when you least expected it!

The River-Swallowing Toad had sucked up nearly all the water in the river. Deep in the river bed, there had been some hundred-year bitter shells buried in the soil, and because of the River-Swallowing Toad, they were exposed.

Fang Yuan quickly collected six hundred-year bitter shells. Two of them were broken, but the other four were intact.

I’ve finally found bitter wine, I can start refining the Four Flavors Liquor Worm! Fang Yuan was overjoyed, but had no one to share the joy with.

“Jiangang!”

After the River-Swallowing Toad finished expelling the seafood, it croaked again, looking at Fang Yuan once before setting off down the riverbed.

“He really succeeded!” Chi Shan muttered in relief. He observed the River-Swallowing Toad leaving until it vanished from sight.

“What, he scared it away so easily. If we’d known earlier, we could’ve done it ourselves, but now we let Fang Yuan become a hero!” Chi Cheng pouted, full of jealousy and indignation.

“Fang Yuan, no matter what, this time you have done a good deed. You are the Gu Yue Clan’s hero!” Chi Shan looked at Fang Yuan with a complicated expression.

“I see,” Fang Yuan replied absent-mindedly. His eyes sparkled as he continued to rummage through the debris for hundred-year bitter shells.

Hero? Merely a title.

Whether it was praise or slander, they were all expressions of the opinions of others.

Frankly, Fang Yuan didn’t give a damn.

You can think what you want, I live my own life.

Hero? Zero? Hehe, I’d rather have a bitter shell.

•••

News of chasing away the River-Swallowing Toad reached the village at once.

“Good, good, good!” Gu Yue Bo said, and the solemn atmosphere in the hall was swept away at once.

Only the Internal Affairs Elder’s face bore a complex expression. He did not think well of Fang Yuan. A short while ago, he had even criticized him. But now, Fang Yuan was the one who had resolved the village’s troubles. Wasn’t it a slap in his face?

“Gu Yue Fang Yuan succeeded in chasing away the River-Swallowing Toad. We’ll make an exception and promote him to a team captain, as well as reward him with five hundred primeval stones.” Gu Yue Bo thought for a while before giving an order filled with special meaning.

•••

In the wine tavern.

“What, Fang Yuan actually succeeded?!”

“Strange, he’s just a newbie, how could he chase away a rank five Gu worm?”

“Even Chi Shan failed miserably, but he did it…”

The news spread, and everyone was filled with shock.

“Fang Yuan became the savior of our clan? This…” The healing Gu Master who bore a grudge against Fang Yuan was lost for words after hearing this news.

His group captain suddenly pointed at the tavern’s employees and shouted, “You mere mortals, you dare to slander our clan’s hero, you deserve death!”

Even before finishing his words, he shot a moonblade.

The elderly shopkeeper was taken completely by surprise, and the moonblade beheaded him.

“Lord, spare us!” The waiters were stunned at first, but quickly kneeled on the ground, begging for mercy.

“Captain, what are you doing?” The healing Gu Master stood up.

“What am I doing?” The captain frowned as he gave a solemn sigh. “Times have changed, Ah Hai. Fang Yuan has suddenly become a hero, and the elders will pay attention to him. If word of our slander towards him spreads, what do you think will happen? There are lots of scouting Gu Masters around, and if someone wants to harm us and informs the elders, our futures will be ruined!”

The healing Gu Master broke out in cold sweat from fear.

The captain’s words were true. Clan relationships ruled above all. Fang Yuan had gone and dealt with a rank five Gu worm, risking his life to defend his clan, and they had been slandering and insulting that hero. What mindset was this? It was ungrateful, cold, heartless, and showed an utter disregard for relationships!

Like history on Earth, Yue Fei[1] fought to defend his country, but Qin Hui[2] framed him as a spy in court.

Although these Gu Masters hadn’t done anything as severe as framing Fang Yuan, if the knowledge of their conduct was spread, would the elders feel safe with them around?

If it was Mo Yan or Chi Cheng, people with significant backing, it would be fine. But these Gu Masters didn’t have such support.

Climbing the ranks of the clan involved competing against and stepping on each other. It would be disastrous for their futures if someone used it against them!

“It is still not too late to salvage the situation, we just have to express our attitude going forward. Mortal lives are cheap, who cares if they die? This way, they can be sacrificed for us; it is their honor. You guys should each kill one. After that, you should praise Fang Yuan and express our stance!” the captain shouted.

“Dammit!” The healing Gu Master cursed; between hatred and his future, he unhesitatingly chose the latter.

With a moonblade, a waiter died on the spot.

“Lord, please spare us.” At once, all the other waiters fell to the ground, paralyzed with fear to the point that they soiled themselves.

The healing Gu Master ignored their plight. He made a show of it before the audience of tavern-goers, shouting, “You lot deserve death. Gu Yue Fang Yuan is a hero, and with his own strength, he defended the clan! What gave you the courage to slander him?!”

The healing Gu Master was frowning all the while. It was how he truly felt. Fang Yuan was someone he deeply hated, but he had to praise him in public; he felt disgusted with himself.

“Lord, didn’t you ask us…urgh!” one of the waiters felt a deep sense of injustice and began to shout.

But before he could finish his sentence, a moonblade split him in half.

“A bunch of lowly slaves, not only slandering Fang Yuan, but also wanting to implicate us!” The female Gu Master struck, her expression cold as she shouted fiercely.

The other Gu Masters in the tavern felt like they were watching a play.

Some smirked, some were indifferent, and some continued chatting, but nobody stopped them.

So what if a few mortals died?

All you needed to do was compensate their masters.

Everyone here was part of the clan, they were family. None of them would pursue such a matter for these outsiders, these slaves, and cause trouble for themselves.

* * *

[1]. Yue Fei (岳飛) – a Song dynasty general.

[2]. Qin Hui (秦檜) – a Song dynasty politician and Chancellor.

