Chapter 1201: Ye Lui Qun Xing


Sun was shining bright in the sky of Northern Plains, with no clouds to be seen in the surroundings.


However, at Blood Plain, starlight shone brilliantly, as if stars filled the sky.


Golden Dawn Hall was quietly floating in the air, it stood majestically, no matter how much turbulence was going on outside, it remained lofty and unmoved.


In contrast, the Gu Immortals on Chu Du’s side were all standing on clouds, their expressions looking unsightly or filled with worries.


Chu Du was expressionless, but his gaze that looked at the battle was extremely heavy.


“Immortal Wang is going to lose.” Chu Du sighed internally.


In the center of the battlefield, Immortal Wang was fighting with the righteous path Gu Immortal Ye Lui Qun Xing!


Immortal Wang had already transformed into a heaven swallowing hound, charging left and right with astonishing might.


The heaven swallowing hound was an immemorial desolate beast, but Immortal Wang was only a rank seven Gu Immortal, this transformation path immortal killer move also did not have a relevant rank eight Immortal Gu in it. So, this heaven swallowing hound’s battle strength was only at rank seven level.


And Immortal Wang’s opponent, Ye Lui Qun Xing, was tall and thin like a bamboo pole. He had three strands of hair as a beard and had a yellowish-white complexion. Right now, he was far away from the heaven swallowing hound, hundreds of star fragments were flying around him, shining with brilliant light, dying the sky a color of blue.


Immortal Wang’s heaven swallowing hound transformation used all its strength to attack.




However, countless star fragments, big and small, tightly surrounded him.


Of these star fragments, small ones were the size of a lantern, while the big ones were the size of an elephant. They kept on flying around, a small portion were encircling Immortal Wang with dizzying speed, while the larger portion were encircling Ye Lui Qun Xing, moving slowly in a mysterious trajectory.


Plop.


A muffled sound echoed, a star fragment firmly collided against Immortal Wang’s body.


The heaven swallowing hound’s movement slowed, and exposed a flaw when it tried to dodge.


Boom boom boom.


Three muffled sounds resounded as this opportunity was taken, star fragments collided against Immortal Wang fiercely.


The heaven swallowing hound let out a low growl, coughing out a large amount of blood, its feet staggered and almost fell down to the ground.


Any Gu Immortal with eyes could see who was in control of the situation.


Immortal Wang was the one attacking, but was in an absolute disadvantage from start to finish.




And the defending Ye Lui Qun Xing was the one who held the upper hand, putting himself behind layers of defense.


This battle tactic was naturally a correct one.


One often had to choose long range battle when dealing with transformation path Gu Immortals.


Because the Gu Immortal that transformed into desolate beast, ancient desolate beast or even immemorial desolate beast, would have a strong and sturdy body, just relying on their transformed body’s quality, their battle strength would increase to a terrifying level.


Gu Immortals of other paths mostly had human bodies. Their physical qualities were weak, even if they had powerful defensive methods, they did not want to put themselves in such a dangerous situation where they were fighting with their weakness against a transformation path Gu Immortal’s strength.


The dominance was already clear, Ye Lui Qun Xing was in an impregnable position.


He spoke in a clear voice: “It is useless, Immortal Wang. My immortal killer move was created by taking Dong Fang Chang Fan’s myriad star fireflies as a reference, the flying trajectory is extremely profound and inscrutable. Previously, six star fragments could completely obstruct you. Now, there are at least thirty-six star fragments around you, how will you break through?”


This Ye Lui Qun Xing was also a person with an interesting past.


He had challenged Dong Fang Chang Fan, and had suffered defeat after defeat, but had still persisted in challenging him. Dong Fang Chang Fan was a righteous path figure, the number one wisdom path Gu Immortal of Northern Plains who had single-handedly led Dong Fang tribe to prominence.


Ye Lui Qun Xing’s defeats did not make Northern Plains’ Gu Immortals feel he was weak.


Instead, they very much appreciated him fighting back despite the repeated setbacks, and his steady, unwavering spirit.


As one of the leading figures of the righteous path, Dong Fang Chang Fan could not lay a heavy hand on Ye Lui Qun Xing, who was similarly of Huang Jin bloodline.


There was even one time when after he defeated Ye Lui Qun Xing, he personally instructed him regarding some secrets of myriad star fireflies.


Ye Lui Qun Xing treated the guidance as a precious treasure, immediately going into closed cultivation.


Unknown to him, this was precisely Dong Fang Chang Fan’s scheme.


Dong Fang Chang Fan had not only gotten rid of the annoying Ye Lui Qun Xing, this also expressed his goodwill to Ye Lui tribe, and had smoothly accomplished an instance of collaboration with Ye Lui tribe, gaining large amounts of benefits.


Ye Lui Qun Xing had originally felt that Dong Fang Chang Fan was a thorn in his eyes, but having obtained benefits from Dong Fang Chang Fan, he did not feel he could shamelessly challenge Dong Fang Chang Fan again. After coming out of his closed cultivation, he chose to focus hard on his own development and did not even find trouble with other Gu Immortals of Dong Fang tribe.


As such, this trump card killer move of his clearly bore resemblance to myriad star fireflies.


Myriad star fireflies was Dong Fang Chang Fan’s killer move, which was famous throughout the whole of Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world.


Ye Lui Qun Xing’s move, however, treated the star fragments as the main body, it could be considered as him creating his own unique method.


A real star was extremely huge, Fang Yuan had been using star eyes Immortal Gu up until now, and had only managed to refine one star.


Immortal Wang’s heaven swallowing hound transformation kept on coughing up blood, and was struck by more and more star fragments. He could not even retort, he was dizzy and was heavily injured, moreover, his immortal essence expenditure had reached an enormous amount.


The immortals on Chu Du’s side showed even more unsightly looks.


“If Immortal Wang is defeated, he would be the fourth person Ye Lui Qun Xing has defeated from our side!”


“His immortal killer move is truly too powerful, when it was just two or three star fragments, they can still be resisted. When fifteen star fragments appear and they work together as one, the difficulty to resist them increases by countless times. Right now, he already has a hundred star fragments, achieving complete dominance, this simply cannot be resisted.”


Inside Golden Dawn Hall, the righteous path immortals had smiles on their faces.


Ye Lui Xiao Jin was watching the battle with excitement, Ye Lui Qun Xing was his senior, seeing this senior about to defeat his fourth opponent, Ye Lui Xiao Jin also felt excitement and pride.


On the other side, Nian Er Ping Zhi was still regulating his breathing.


One thing worth mentioning was that Nian Er tribe’s position had already moved to the center.


This was because of Nian Er Ping Zhi’s battle where he had killed the rank seven demonic path expert Granny Yin.


Many rank six geniuses and experts had the battle strength to go against rank seven. But being able to kill rank seven was a different level altogether.


Adding Nian Er Ping Zhi’s young age to this battle achievement, this undoubtedly became even more rare.


By this time.


The allied righteous path forces, and the alliance of Chu Sect and Bai Zu, had already gone through over ten battles.


At the start, Chu Du had the discerning eye to send out the promising young Xue Wu Hen, who won three battles in a row, awing others.


Then, from the righteous path’s side, Gong Wan Ting sent Nian Er Ping Zhi. Similarly a rising young genius, Nian Er Ping Zhi’s battle result was even more brilliant, using the immortal killer move sword heart clarity and killing the renowned demonic path expert Granny Yin.


Afterwards, Gong Wan Ting negotiated with Chu Du, and the two sides temporarily stopped the battle, setting rules regarding exchange of corpses.


Then the battle began again, Yuan tribe of the righteous path, Meng tribe, and other tribe’s Gu Immortals appeared one after the other, while Chu Du sent out Hao Zhen, Chou Lao Wu as well as some Gu Immortals of Bai Zu tribe to contest with them.


Perhaps it was because they were senior Gu Immortals, each side had their own victories and defeats, and suffered varying degrees of injuries, but there were no deaths.


Seeing the situation seemingly entering a stalemate, Gong Wan Ting pondered for a while before sending Ye Lui Qun Xing.


This person was a true main strength among Ye Lui tribe’s force. He was an expert among rank seven Gu Immortals, although he had many losses among his battle achievements, they were against Dong Fang Chang Fan, naturally, no one would look down on him.


What made people especially admire him were his character and spirit. He had suffered many defeats from Dong Fang Chang Fan, but he always came back stronger.


Worth mentioning was that Ye Lui Hui Hong had the highest seniority, but his battle strength could not compare to Ye Lui Qun Xing.


The righteous path paid attention to seniority, unlike the demonic path which only looked at strength.


Finally, Chu Du spoke: “Alright, this battle is our loss.”


Immortal Wang retreated with a shameful expression.


Ye Lui Qun Xing also did not forcibly go after his life, after all, Immortal Wang still had the ability to protect himself and it would give enough time for Chu Du to come help.


Immortal Wang was pale, his mood extremely complicated.


He was the fourth opponent of Ye Lui Qun Xing and had originally thought of having gotten an easy opportunity, but the result was that Ye Lui Qun Xing’s battle strength had not fallen even after three battles.


Immortal Wang returned to his human form and walked towards Chu Du, saying in a heavy voice: “That Ye Lui Qun Xing’s immortal killer move is extremely ingenious. His immortal essence expenditure is definitely small, and the star fragments have mutual attraction force between them, creating a good deal of starlight magnetic force, I am afraid it would not be easy to discern the mysteries of this killer move unless one is a star path Gu Immortal.”


“The opponent would be implicated by these star fragments. These star fragments are very fast and sometimes they would suddenly form a formless force which skewed my direction, making me lose control over myself many times. Now that I think of it, Ye Lui Qun Xing was weakest in the first battle. Now, he has already released a hundred star fragments, forming an array for battle. The ones who will go later will lose many advantages, and would find it very difficult to go against this array.”


Immortal Wang’s tone was sincere, these were his sincere words, they were also reasons given to excuse himself and not be held at fault.


Chu Du nodded and patted Immortal Wang’s shoulder: “No need to say much, it is good that you returned safely.”


It was a simple action, but this action almost made Immortal Wang’s eyes tear up.


“Who wants to come fight next!” At this time, Ye Lui Qun Xing called out.


“It seems this person still does not want to retreat and wants to fight his fifth battle!” Chu Du’s expression slightly changed, killing intent flashing in his eyes.


The immortals behind him started whispering.


“He has already defeated four people in a row, he still seems to have strength remaining.”


“Immortal Wang’s strength is outstanding, he transformed into a heaven swallowing hound but was still unable to win, sigh!”


Bai Zu tribe’s Gu Immortals were silent.


Bai Zu Wei was already dead, what they were good at was not individual battle strength, but Green City Rampage.


Hao Zhen and Chou Lao Wu’s wind thunder roar was renowned throughout Northern Plains, it could be considered a trump card that could pressure the opponents and make them feel apprehensive. It was only that they had already battled separately and still bore some injuries.


When Gu Immortals were injured, because of the conflict of dao marks, they were very difficult to heal.


For a moment, Chu Du actually found that he had fallen into an awkward situation of having no experts to send.


Comparatively, in the righteous path, experts filled Golden Dawn Hall, while Chu Du’s side was only an alliance of the newly established Bai Zu tribe and his sect, they indeed had few members and were seriously stretched out.




