Chapter 1202: Arrogance Concealed Under Beauty


“Do I have to go myself?”


Facing the awkward situation of having no experts to send, Chu Du unavoidably had such a thought.


He could naturally take the stage and also had the confidence to win against Ye Lui Qun Xing.


But what would it look like when Chu Du, as the strongest expert on his side, took the stage? Would it not make their side look weaker?


Moreover, even after he wins against Ye Lui Qun Xing, the other side would definitely continue to send other Gu Immortals. Gong Wan Ting, Yao tribe’s Yao Yuan Ying, Guan tribe’s Guan Yang, Nu Er tribe’s Nu Er Gu and Nu Er Qian, all of these people were experts who Chu Du needed to pay attention to.


Two fists cannot rival four palms.


Chu Du could win one battle, two battles, three battles, but could he guarantee he would win all the battles?


Chu Du fell into silence.


“What, no one wants to fight? We have just reached this stage and there is already nobody left?” Ye Lui Qun Xing did not let go of this chance to mock them.


Xue Wu Hen could not endure this provocation, he was a very prideful person. He requested to be sent by Chu Du: “Let me go deal with this Ye Lui Qun Xing.”


However, Xue Wu Hen was only at rank six, how could Chu Du let him go? Xue Wu Hen might be able to battle rank seven, but the other party was an expert among rank sevens.




Chu Du slowly shook his head.


Right at this moment, his eyes suddenly brightened, because an information path Gu worm flew to his immortal aperture through treasure yellow heaven.


“Wonderful! Elder Liu Guan Yi’s timing is perfect.” Chu Du sent his consciousness into the Gu worm and after absorbing the information, his brows immediately relaxed.


He had confidence in Liu Guan Yi! He had always thought Fang Yuan’s strength was only second to his in Chu Sect.


Especially when they made the trip to Crazed Demon Cave, Fang Yuan’s performance had left a deep impression on Chu Du.


“Be patient. My Chu Sect’s second supreme elder is about to arrive. Ye Lui Qun Xing, why are you in such a rush, enjoy your moment of victory for a while longer.” Chu Du chuckled as he said in a plain tone.


“Chu Sect’s second supreme elder?”


“Chu Du is the first supreme elder, doesn’t it mean this second supreme elder is only second to him?”


“This person is very mysterious, no one knows where he comes from, and we have very limited information on him.”


Both sides’ Gu Immortals discussed.




The righteous path Gu Immortals in Golden Dawn Hall started discussing and exchanging information on Fang Yuan.


“Think about that Xue Wu Hen, what is strange about them having Liu Guan Yi?” Nian Er Yi Fang caressed his beard, speaking unconcernedly.


“So what if he is stronger? At most, he would have rank seven peak battle strength, our side is a gathering of experts and geniuses.” Ye Lui Hui Hong laughed.


Gong Wan Ting spoke softly, her voice lingering around the whole of Golden Dawn Hall: “Chu Du is not blind, this person is placed above Hao Zhen and Chou Lao Wu. He is Chu Sect’s second supreme elder, we should assume that he possesses an outstanding aspect.”


Xue Wu Hen’s eyes brightened, having many expectations regarding Fang Yuan.


“Elder Hao Zhen, how is Elder Liu Guan Yi’s strength?” One Hei tribe Gu Immortal asked. Naturally, this Hei tribe Gu Immortal had now already changed his surname to Bai Zu. He had not participated in the battle of Iron Eagle blessed land, and it was not appropriate for him to ask Bai Zu tribe’s Gu Immortals, Bai Zu Wei had died in the battle, and this had become almost like a taboo topic in Bai Zu tribe.


Hao Zhen and Chou Lao Wu were respectively Chu Sect’s third and forth supreme elder. Actually, they were uncomfortable at being underneath Fang Yuan, but right now, they could not damage their own sect’s reputation.


“He claims to be a transformation path Gu Immortal.”


“But we have never seen him use any transformation killer moves. Even in Hei Fan grotto-heaven, when we resisted the attacks of Heavenly Lord, it was like that.”


The surrounding Gu Immortals could not help but draw in deep breaths.


The words of Hao Zhen and Chou Lao Wu made people unavoidably think towards one aspect.


“It seems this Elder Liu Guan Yi is quite amazing! Even the invasion of Heavenly Lord Bai Zu did not make him use all his strength?”


“This was the person who first intruded Iron Eagle blessed land and seized almost all the eagle nests.” A Gu Immortal of Bai Zu bloodline was feeling complicated at this moment.


“He has arrived.” Chu Du suddenly spoke.


The immortals behind him followed Chu Du’s movement and turned around, looking behind them.


Inside Golden Dawn Hall, the righteous path immortals also cast their gazes over.


A multicolored cloud was flying rapidly, upon which a young-looking Gu Immortal stood at the front with his head held high.


He wore a white robe, the wide sleeves constantly fluttered backwards due to the wind.


He had long black hair and a jade-like complexion, with sharp eyebrows and bright eyes, his nose bridge was tall, and his skin was white like snow. He had a light smile on his face, appearing relaxed and unfettered, and was extremely handsome, even a man would be moved by his appearance.


Just one glance at Fang Yuan left a deep impression on these immortals.


“Elder Liu, you have finally come.” Chu Du smiled brightly, flying over to welcome him.


“Domination Immortal Chu Du personally went to receive him?”


Seeing this scene, many Gu Immortals were shaken, instantly, Fang Yuan’s status had risen by multiple levels in their hearts.


“What are the origins of this Liu Guan Yi? What has he done to deserve such treatment from Domination Immortal?”


The righteous path Gu Immortals looked at each other, as they started to pay more importance to Fang Yuan’s arrival.


“This information path Gu worm records the battle scenes from earlier, look at it quickly.” Chu Du flew in front of Fang Yuan, and secretly handed an information path mortal Gu to Fang Yuan.


Fang Yuan silently accepted it.


Chu Du treated him as an equal, after the Crazed Demon Agreement, Chu Du’s and Fang Yuan’s relationship had become much closer.


The group of immortals subconsciously went silent, patiently watching Fang Yuan slowly fly towards the battle.


“This person is Ye Lui Qun Xing, he primarily cultivates star path. He has already defeated four people on our side, we need you to show your might and defeat him.” Chu Du spoke softly to Fang Yuan as he pointed at Ye Lui Qun Xing, who was standing proudly in the air.


Fang Yuan inwardly thought: “I came over because of this person. A star path blessed land is suitable for me to annex. Moreover, this guy has rank seven cultivation, after I annex his immortal aperture, my cultivation will immediately soar and reach rank seven, I will start producing red date immortal essence.”


Ye Lui Qun Xing was tense.


Ever since Fang Yuan had appeared, he had been paying close attention to him.


Fang Yuan’s gaze was tranquil, he could not read his expression at all.


After some thinking, Ye Lui Qun Xing solemnly spoke: “I am honored.”


The immortals quietly looked at Fang Yuan, awaiting him entering the battle.


Fang Yuan, however, internally was shaking his head.


He had already read all the information in the information path Gu worm, Chu Du had given him, and knew all the moves Ye Lui Qun Xing had shown before.


Fang Yuan had a clear estimation of Ye Lui Qun Xing’s strength.


He was probably at the level of experts like Unfettered Scholar and Pi Shui Han, or maybe slightly weaker, all in all, he was an expert among rank sevens.


Above them would be people like Domination Immortal Chu Du and Immortal Monkey King Shi Lei.


And above Chu Du were Feng Jiu Ge and Qin Bai Sheng after regaining his memories.


It was fully achievable for him to defeat Ye Lui Qun Xing with ancient sword dragon transformation.


But killing him would be difficult with a frontal assault. Especially under the view of the crowd and their watchful eyes, everyone was on guard against each other.


Let alone when the opponent was Ye Lui Qun Xing.


The most important thing regarding this person was this immortal killer move, not only did it expend little immortal essence, it also had terrifying offensive and defensive properties.


Even more praiseworthy was his mental state and nature.


Losses could not defeat him and could only make him stronger.


If this kind of person was the enemy, the best thing was to kill them.


Even Dong Fang Chang Fan felt a headache because he could not kill him.


But how to kill him?


Fang Yuan estimated he did not have a high chance of killing Ye Lui Qun Xing. After transforming into an ancient sword dragon, Fang Yuan’s battle strength would reach the level of Unfettered Scholar. However, Fang Yuan’s ability to sustain a long battle was quite poor, after all, green grape immortal essence could not compare to red date immortal essence.


One hundred beads of green grape immortal essence could turn into one bead of red date immortal essence. But when using rank seven Immortal Gu, the effect that could be reached with one bead of red date immortal essence required at least one hundred and thirty beads of green grape immortal essence.


This created a phenomenon of intensifying expenditure.


Gu Immortals using higher rank Immortal Gu were like children waving around a sledgehammer, it was very difficult.


As he pondered this, Fang Yuan spoke: “I won’t fight.”


The immortals were stunned.


“Why won’t you fight, are you afraid?” Immortal Wang’s sneering voice came from behind.


Ever since the Iron Eagle blessed land’s battle where Fang Yuan had treated him as a scapegoat, Immortal Wang had felt hatred towards Fang Yuan. The expectant gazes of immortals at Fang Yuan, made Immortal Wang very dissatisfied. He, himself, was defeated by Ye Lui Qun Xing, and the person whom everyone’s expectations were placed on was his enemy. Such a feeling left a really bad taste in his mouth.


Fang Yuan did not respond.


Chu Du, however, immediately frowned, as he turned back and gave a fierce glare at Immortal Wang.


Immortal Wang quickly closed his mouth, beads of cold sweat starting to seep out of his forehead.


Chu Du inwardly shook his head: “Immortal Wang and these other Gu Immortals were all lone immortals or demonic cultivators, they are accustomed to being unrestrained. After joining Chu Sect, their awareness has not increased much. Right now, even if he has some dissatisfaction with Liu Guan Yi, how could he reveal the internal conflicts of Chu Sect in front of the public?”


At the same time, Chu Du looked at Fang Yuan, he did not speak but his gaze inquired: Why won’t you fight?


Fang Yuan gazed at Ye Lui Qun Xing, sneering: “He is too weak, I can kill him with just my spit. Do we kill chickens with an ox-cleaver? Fighting him is an insult towards my status.”


Arrogant!


Way too arrogant!!


For a moment, the stomachs of the immortals churned, as all kinds of thoughts surged in their minds.


Fang Yuan looked like a quiet handsome boy, who could have thought his first few words would reveal the astonishing arrogance within him.


“He actually said he can win against an expert like Ye Lui Qun Xing with just his spit? Even Domination Immortal Chu Du might not be able to do it!” Nian Er Ping Zhi was displeased.


“He is tooting his own horn too much.” Xue Wu Hen looked at Fang Yuan with a dazed look. He had always thought he was a very prideful person, but he could not compare to this person before him.


Fang Yuan spouted a lot of nonsense right away. His arrogance caused many people to be dissatisfied.


The most dissatisfied person was Ye Lui Xiao Jin.


He was young and full of vigor, Ye Lui Qun Xing was his tribe member, humiliating Ye Lui Qun Xing was like humiliating him.


Therefore, this young Gu Immortal immediately stood up and shouted loudly: “You don’t dare to show your skills, but you have quite the mouth! How can you estimate the skills of my tribe’s Lord Qun Xing? You are not being proud, but are intentionally saying this because you are afraid!”




