Chapter 1204: How Could It Be Seen Through?!


Ye Lui Qun Xing had a great fright as he quickly retreated!


“This shameless guy!” He cursed inwardly, not having expected Fang Yuan’s actions. Every time he felt that Fang Yuan was shameless, Fang Yuan’s following actions would completely redefine shamelessness.


Fortunately, Ye Lui Qun Xing had been all the while and reacted in time.


One chased and the other escaped.


The distance between Fang Yuan and Ye Lui Qun Xing was rapidly shrinking.


The immortals held their breaths.


Ye Lui Xiao Jin also subconsciously stood up, looking at Ye Lui Qun Xing with worry.


Ye Lui Hui Hong, however, stood stably in his seat, he had a better understanding of Ye Lui Qun Xing’s trump cards and did not think Ye Lui Qun Xing was in danger right now.


“So he cultivates ancient sword dragon transformation!” Chu Du thought.


“Ancient sword dragon, based on potential, it is still inferior to my heaven swallowing hound…” Immortal Wang had clenched teeth.


“He finally took action!” This was what many Gu Immortals were thinking.




“Go.”


The retreating Ye Lui Qun Xing suddenly called out, pushing lightly towards the charging ancient sword dragon.


Immediately, his whole hand emitted brilliant blue light. A star fragment shot out from the blue light and collided against Fang Yuan with a speed like that of a meteor.


Fang Yuan roared towards the sky before suddenly moving, the whole ancient sword dragon made a beautiful arc in the air, as it nimbly moved past the incoming star fragment, almost brushing past it.


When the Gu Immortals saw this scene, despite having an extremely bad impression of Fang Yuan, many of them could not help but give praise internally, as they sensed Fang Yuan had already reached a proficient level at ancient sword dragon transformation.


Such control made Fang Yuan seem like he was an ancient sword dragon from the start of his life.


“Not good.” Immortal Wang suddenly spoke.


Almost at the same time, Ye Lui Qun Xing saw Fang Yuan moving past this star fragment, and the corner of lips slightly raised up.


Ping.


A sharp sound echoed. Fang Yuan’s dragon tail swung, directly smashing the star fragment he had brushed past.




The ancient sword dragon Fang Yuan had turned into had a more terrifying tail compared to its claws, its tail could directly smash dark inkstone, let alone this star fragment.


Such a response made even Chu Du pleasantly surprised.


He was happy inwardly: “The information path Gu worm I gave to Liu Guan Yi has records of all the battle scenes of Ye Lui Qun Xing. So Liu Guan Yi knows he absolutely cannot let Ye Lui Qun Xing have many star fragments under his control. The greater the number of star fragments he controls, the stronger he would become. Finally, it would form into an enormous advantage that managed to defeat five people in a row.”


Ye Lui Qun Xing was slightly disappointed when he saw Fang Yuan responding in the wisest way, and quickly increased his retreating speed.


At the same time, he repeatedly clapped, layers of blue light covered his two hands, from which star fragments shot out one after the other.


At first, they were only thumb sized, but as they moved in the air, they returned to their original size and flew more rapidly, bringing in strong gusts of wind.


Boom boom boom.


Fang Yuan used his horn, claws as well as his body and tail to destroy all these star fragments.


He did not give Ye Lui Qun Xing any opportunity to accumulate power.


For a moment, star debris flew all around, turning into blue fragments like fog or sand, which scattered with the strong gale, creating a beautiful sight that was difficult to describe.


The silver scales of the ancient sword dragon also added to this beauty, as it moved along the star debris.


Chu Du slightly frowned.


Originally, Fang Yuan made a wise choice of smashing the star fragments, targeting the weakness of Ye Lui Qun Xing’s immortal killer move. But also because of this, it led to a decrease in Fang Yuan’s speed.


The distance between the two did not shrink much.


The advantage of the sneak attack before had already disappeared now.


Ye Lui Qun Xing had already stabilized himself.


He snorted, as he struck out with his hands rapidly, star fragments shot out everywhere, but not directly towards Fang Yuan.


Fang Yuan fell into a difficult situation with two choices in front of him.


If he charged directly towards Ye Lui Qun Xing, the latter would retreat and he would not be able to forcibly close the distance, at the same time, the surrounding star fragments would keep on increasing, accumulating a great advantage for the latter.


If Fang Yuan dealt with these star fragments, he would have to keep on flying around, and would fall deeper into Ye Lui Qun Xing’s scheme, giving the latter the initiative to more easily arrange the battle situation.


The ancient sword dragon slowed down its offense in its state of hesitation.


Sensing this, Chu Du’s frown became deeper, while Ye Lui Hui Hong, inside Golden Dawn Hall, was starting to smile, taking a small sip of fine wine.


Despite Fang Yuan’s hesitation not lasting for long, he had missed a good opportunity and there were now dozens of star fragments on the battlefield.


Ye Lui Qun Xing’s advantage had started to accumulate.


Fang Yuan was surrounded by the star fragments, despite him not caring about his body, and engaging in even more crazed offenses, he was not able to break through the layers of encirclement.


Ye Lui Qun Xing relaxed, the star fragments continued to increase, not only surrounding Fang Yuan, some had also appeared beside him, orbiting around continuously.


“Liu Guan Yi, you acted arrogant and boasted shamelessly, it was to make me take back the star fragments so I would have to lay them out again.”


“Your scheme was quite deep, almost letting others think you are wildly arrogant. Unfortunately, I am not the same person I was years ago.”


“A few years ago, I already improved upon this weakness of my immortal killer move. It is indeed somewhat weak at the start, but your methods are not enough to restrain me.”


“Now, what are you going to use to resolve this situation?”


A dragon’s roar resounded, Fang Yuan moved his body, brandished his claws, and destroyed countless star fragments, star debris flew all around.


The dragon’s might was powerful, its speed was especially astonishing.


Unfortunately, the spectating immortals sensed weakness within this strong momentum.


Fang Yuan was attacking wildly, but Ye Lui Qun Xing was far away, watching with arms folded in front of him, maneuvering the star fragments leisurely.


As time passed, there were more and more star fragments orbiting around Ye Lui Qun Xing.


“Liu Guan Yi has lost!” Immortal Wang spoke decisively at this sight.


Xue Wu Hen did not speak, inwardly thinking: “Based on strength, Elder Liu Guan Yi is indeed powerful, at the same level as Elder Hao Zhen and Elder Chou Lao Wu. But there is still a gap when compared to Ye Lui Qun Xing.”


Chu Du was still frowning, the strength Fang Yuan displayed was not consistent with his expectations. But he still felt Fang Yuan had a trump card and was still confident in Fang Yuan, and until the end of the battle, he would choose to keep his expectations.


Ye Lui Xiao Jin laughed heartily at the entrance of Golden Dawn Hall, and shouted: “That Liu Guan or whatever, why are you not yelling now? Come on, continue boasting. Didn’t you say my tribe’s Lord Qun Xing could not compare to you? Didn’t you say fighting him would lower your status? Why are you not speaking now? Only knowing how to yell, what do you want to vent out?”


The ancient sword dragon roared furiously, destroying the star fragments.


Sensing Fang Yuan’s furious mood, Ye Lui Xiao Jin laughed again.


“Chu Sect’s second supreme elder is only at this level.”


“In all fairness, he does have some strength. Have you counted how many star fragments he has already destroyed?”


“But that is useless, Ye Lui Qun Xing’s dominance is already increasing.”


“Liu Guan Yi’s hesitation earlier decided the battle. This was his only fault but it was perfectly used by Ye Lui Qun Xing.”


“Thinking of it, it is also not strange. What is Chu Sect? How can they be on par with our great Huang Jin forces? Their second supreme elder has such battle strength, Chu Du cannot be considered to have made a bad judgment.”


The righteous path Gu Immortals drank and rejoiced inside Golden Dawn Hall, the atmosphere was relaxed.


Ye Lui Hui Hong stroked his beard, the smile on his face had become brighter, but at the same time, he did not forget to speak and remind Ye Lui Qun Xing: “Be careful of his dragon breath. The ancient sword dragon’s strongest weapon is its breath. Until now, he still hasn’t breathed out once.”


Ye Lui Qun Xing slightly nodded.


Even without Ye Lui Hui Hong’s reminder, he had already been concerned about this.


Experts!


They were not decided with just strength, but also their mental state during battle.


No doubt, Ye Lui Qun Xing who had suffered numerous defeats, had an extremely good mentality. He was an expert that had gone through painstaking training, setbacks and defeats.


His foundation was extremely solid and stable.


However, Ye Lui Qun Xing did not retreat.


Right now, he was quite far away from Fang Yuan, almost at the opposite end of the battlefield.


Ye Lui Qun Xing looked at the star fragments orbiting around him, and thought: “I have a hundred star fragments protecting me. Even if Chu Du personally comes, I can resist for a while, let alone this Liu Guan Yi. Dong Fang Chang Fan, you might have passed away, but let me sustain the reputation of myriad star fireflies for you. After all, my immortal killer move had received your guidance.”


Right as most of the Gu Immortals felt the battle was decided, there was a sudden change!


Sword escape Immortal Gu!


Suddenly, Fang Yuan activated rank seven sword escape Immortal Gu.


Right now, he had transformed into an ancient sword dragon, his transformation path dao marks had turned into sword path dao marks, adding on to his cultivation of sword eyebrows Immortal Gu, his sword path dao marks had already reached a number of ten thousand.


A thousand dao marks could double an Immortal Gu’s power.


Ten thousand dao marks could add ten times the power!


Sword escape Immortal Gu was already an exceptional movement Gu worm among rank seven Immortal Gu. Now, ten times its power was added!


At the same time, the ancient sword dragon’s own speed also had to be calculated.


Sword dragons did not have strong long range attacks, but their burst of speed from a stationary state was astonishing.


Ancient sword dragon, sword escape Immortal Gu and ten thousand sword path dao marks, when stacked together, allowed Fang Yuan to instantly disappear from his spot.


Before any immortals had reacted, he had already flown through the whole battlefield and appeared in front of Ye Lui Qun Xing!


At this moment, Ye Lui Qun Xing’s expression was still paused on a strategic and victorious smile. But his pupils had shrunk to needle-sized, as he looked, with extreme fright, at a gigantic sword dragon head that filled his whole vision!


He only had one thought in his mind —


“Impossible! My star fragments’ flying trajectories are extremely profound and takes reference from myriad star fireflies, how could he see through it?!”


This was Ye Lui Qun Xing’s final thought in life.




