Chapter 121: Four Flavors Liquor Worm


“The Gu Yue Clan…” Xiong Li stood on the mountainside and gazed at Gu Yue Village in the distance, a complicated expression on his face.

The cool autumn breeze was gently blowing.

The colors of fall dyed the mountain. The trees blended yellows and reds, and their branches were heavy with wild fruits. Only Qing Mao Mountain’s namesake, the bamboo, stood tall and green.

“Not long ago, the Gu Yue Clan was like this bamboo, forever green, forever proud, the overlord of Qing Mao Mountain. But now, they are actually falling behind.” Xiong Li’s lips curled into a mocking smile.

But almost immediately, his thoughts turned to Bai Village, and his smile vanished.

Bai Village’s rise had already begun to break the balance Qing Mao Mountain had enjoyed for decades. The Gu Yue Clan, the traditional hegemon, had weakened, and Xiong Village suffered from poor management. All these factors indicated that a great change was simmering beneath the surface.

Xiong Li knew it hadn’t erupted yet because of the pressure from the wolf tide. The three villages needed to collaborate if they wanted to overcome it, so they kept the peace and threw away their grievances for the time being.

“Once the wolf tide is gone, Qing Mao Mountain’s old structure will be shattered. Bai Ning Bing has already reached rank three in only a couple of years. It’s really terrifying…” Xiong Li recalled the figure of a youth clad in white, and it seemed to weigh on him like a boulder.

Xiong Li was among the best of Xiong Village’s rank two Gu Masters. He possessed a Grand Bear Gu, and was known as the strongest person on Qing Mao Mountain.

He had already made his debut, and had personally witnessed Bai Ning Bing rising like a rocket, so he understood better than others the terror of this youth.

“Captain, why are we stopping here? Gu Yue Village is still some distance away.” Xiong Lin walked up next to him, his hands clasped behind his head.

In this five-person group, Xiong Lin was the youngest, a newbie who had just made his debut. He was the same age as Fang Yuan and was Xiong Village’s newest genius.

He was short, and his shaved head shone under the sunlight.

Xiong Li looked at the rising talent beside him, and his mood eased a little. He answered in a deep voice, “We are here on a diplomatic mission, not a scouting mission. We are already encroaching on the Gu Yue Clan’s territory. If we go any further, we will likely be treated as enemies.”

“Ah, I see,” Xiong Lin realized.

Xiong Li’s gaze swept over the group as he slightly raised his voice. “We have two objectives this time. One is to hand our clan head’s personal letter to the Gu Yue clan head. The other is to investigate the matter regarding the River-Swallowing Toad. We are guests, so make sure to keep your tempers in check when we arrive. However, you absolutely can’t bring dishonor to our clan, understood?”

The other Gu Masters’ expressions turned serious as they silently nodded.

“Captain, someone’s here,” the scouting Gu Master in the group suddenly said.

“We’ve been making no effort to hide ourselves, so it’s about time. But who will come…hmm? It seems to be Chi Shan.” Xiong Li saw Chi Shan’s team and his eyes flashed.

“Wow! That guy is so tall, is he Chi Shan? He’s even taller than you, captain. He’s so ripped…captain, isn’t he the guy born with super strength who has been trying to seize the title of the strongest person on the Qing Mao Mountain?” Xiong Lin said, staring at Chi Shan.

“Hmph, it had to be him…” Xiong Jiang spoke gloomily and twisted her lips in disdain.

“Xiong Li!”

“Chi Shan.”

The two groups were fifty steps apart from each other. The two group captains faced each other, sparks flying as their eyes met.

“Looks like you are Xiong Village’s special envoy this time,” Chi Shan snorted coldly. He had fought many times with Xiong Li.

“That’s right. Has the special envoy from Bai Village arrived?” Xiong Li asked, his expression tense.

“Why so many questions? Follow me.” Chi Shan cautiously turned and beckoned him.

•••

Meanwhile…

In the second secret room, four wine jars stood before Fang Yuan.

Sweet, spicy, sour, and bitter, four flavors of wine. The sweet wine was golden honey wine, the spicy was white grain wine, the sour was bayberry wine, and the bitter was bitter shell wine.

Fang Yuan sat cross-legged on the ground. He then willed the two Liquor Worms to fly out of his aperture.

Refining the Four Flavors Liquor Worm required a somewhat complicated process.

The two Liquor Worms followed Fang Yuan’s will and entered the bayberry wine jar.

A white ball of light formed within the jar, its majestic radiance piercing out of the mouth of the jar and shining on the walls.

Fang Yuan threw primeval stones in the wine jar: one, ten, fifty…

When he had thrown the hundredth stone, the light ball had shrunk to the size of a fist and floated in the wine jar.

The bayberry wine had been completely consumed. Fang Yuan picked up the second wine jar — golden honey wine — and poured it into the first.

The white ball of light was immersed in the honey wine and suddenly swelled to its original size.

Fang Yuan’s head was soaked with sweat; he was constantly maintaining the fusion of the two Liquor Worms’ consciousness, and such multitasking was extremely taxing on the mind.

He continued to throw primeval stones into the wine jar.

Every stone caused the ball of light to shrink, until at last it was once again the size of a fist.

Fang Yuan repeated the process with the bitter shell wine, then the white grain wine.

When the four types of wine were completely used up, the light in the wine jar suddenly brightened before disappearing completely.

“Success.” Fang Yuan knew the result without even looking in the wine jar.

At his will, a Gu flew out.

It was the Four Flavors Liquor Worm.

Compared to the Liquor Worm, it hadn’t changed much, except that it was slightly bigger. Just like before, it resembled a silkworm with a tiny pair of shiny black eyes.

The main difference was that the Liquor Worm’s body was completely white, but the Four Flavors Liquor Worm’s body continuously flickered between four colors: red representing spicy, blue representing bitter, green representing sour, and yellow representing sweet. Fang Yuan couldn’t help but think of neon lights on Earth.

Fang Yuan let out a big sigh of relief. His luck was good this time and he succeeded on the first try.

If he failed, the Liquor Worms could suffer serious damage and one of them could even die, or he might run out of bitter shell wine. Either of these outcomes would be troublesome.

Fortunately, that hadn’t happened.

A Gu Master needed to use, nurture, and refine Gu; none of them were easy. In the aspect of refinement, many Gu Masters would suffer a lot of trouble to find recipes and collect materials.

There were many different kinds of recipes, and they might not necessarily be suitable. As for collecting materials, a Gu Master might spend over ten years to do so. And even if they found the recipe and collected all the materials, everything would go to waste if the refinement failed.

“A Gu Master’s cultivation is difficult…” Fang Yuan sighed.

Refining Gu was easy in the early stages of cultivation. But the success rate for rank four and five Gu worms often wouldn’t reach even one in ten.

The success rate of a rank six refinement was as low as one percent. Every failure meant the loss of a great sum of resources.

However, once you succeeded, the benefits would be incredible.

Take Fang Yuan’s newly refined Four Flavors Liquor Worm: it could refine rank two primeval essence and increase it by a small realm.

Fang Yuan had used a Red Steel Relic Gu to advance to middle stage. Now, with the Four Flavors Liquor Worm, he would have upper stage primeval essence.

His fighting strength had doubled. At the same time, the upper stage primeval essence could be used to nourish his aperture, which meant faster cultivation speed.

However, with advantages comes disadvantages.

Using the Four Flavors Liquor Worm to refine his primeval essence would definitely increase his consumption of primeval stones. Now, just relying on the income from selling Vitality Leaves would not be enough to maintain his expenditure.

Next, I need to refine the Stealth Rock Gu into the Stealth Scales Gu. That will add another expense.

Refinement would use up primeval stones, whether it succeeded or failed. Fang Yuan had used up over four hundred primeval stones to refine the Four Flavors Liquor Worm.

The clan had awarded him with five hundred primeval stones for chasing away the River-Swallowing Toad. Other Gu Masters might take a long time to spend such a sum, but Fang Yuan had already used most of it.

Fortunately, he still had money left over from selling his family inheritance to buy the Red Steel Relic Gu. There was no need to worry for a short period of time.

But it was necessary to refine the Stealth Scales Gu.

Fang Yuan had obtained the Stealth Rock Gu after he killed the stone monkey king, but it was impractical to use.

It could only conceal his body. Once he used it, his body would become invisible, but the clothes on his body, wrist guards, leg wrappings, and bamboo shoes would still be visible to the naked eye.

That hadn’t been a concern for the stone monkey king; it was a wild beast and didn’t need clothes.

But Fang Yuan would be in an awkward situation. To use the Stealth Rock Gu optimally, he would need to take off all his clothes. Otherwise, others would see a “walking” rank two Gu Master’s uniform.

The Stealth Rock Gu was a rank one Gu worm. Once it advanced to the rank two Stealth Scales Gu, this problem would be resolved and it would then be able to conceal clothes. If the stone monkey king had possessed the Stealth Scales Gu, Fang Yuan’s strategy of covering it with his shirt to reveal it would not have worked. In that case, whether or not he could have defeated it was up for debate.

Refining a Stealth Scales Gu naturally required other materials other than the Stealth Rock Gu. The materials were quite common and Fang Yuan had already requested Jiang Ya’s help to gather them.

If I could refine the Stealth Scales Gu, it would become very convenient for me to enter the secret cave. Moreover, during the wolf tide, I could easily attack and retreat.

It was getting late. He put the Four Flavors Liquor Worm into his aperture and exited the cave, walking towards the village.

He had attracted a lot of attention after successfully chasing away the River-Swallowing Toad. It was not easy to move about recently, so he was slightly worried that if he stayed for long in the secret cave, people would harbor suspicions.

•••

At the village gate, a contest of strength had concluded.

Xiong Li’s group stood proudly, while Chi Shan and the other Gu Masters at the gate had heavy faces.

Xiong Li wasn’t as tall as Chi Shan, but at that moment he seemed to tower over everyone. He said slowly, “Chi Shan, you are indeed blessed with super strength. But I have the Brown Bear Innate Strength Gu and I possess the strength of a bear. You saw from the battle just now that you are still not my match.”

“Hmph, you want to be the strongest on Qing Mao Mountain? Dream on,” Xiong Jiang sneered from the side.

Chi Shen’s face was ashen. He knew that Xiong Li had intentionally challenged him for political reasons. His loss now was no longer just a personal affair; it was tarnishing the Gu Yue Clan’s reputation.

“What are you so proud of? You don’t know that I am no longer the strongest person in the clan. If you have skills, then speak after defeating Fang Yuan.” Chi Shan had no choice but to mention Fang Yuan.

“Oh, Fang Yuan? I heard an A grade genius emerged in the Gu Yue Clan and his name was Fang Zheng. But who is this Fang Yuan?” Xiong Li asked doubtfully.

Chi Shan sneered. “Fang Yuan is Fang Zheng’s older brother, he is also blessed with innate super strength and similarly possesses a strength-increasing Gu worm. Not long ago, he alone pushed the rank five River-Swallowing Toad over a hundred meters and drove it away from the mountain. If you don’t believe me, you can ask anyone in the village.”

The expressions of the Xiong Clan’s Gu Masters couldn’t help but change.

Rank five River-Swallowing Toad!

Fang Yuan!

The name was instantly engraved in their minds.

