Chapter 1210: Wanted by the Entire Righteous Path


“According to what Liu Yong said, if Liu tribe wants to capture me, they will send that Liu Chang. But he is a light path Gu Immortal, even if I kill him, I cannot annex his immortal aperture for the moment. Why would I take a risk then?”


Fang Yuan was still in his ancient sword dragon transformation as he flew towards the west.


As he flew, he searched Liu Yong’s soul.


Right now, Fang Yuan was going to retreat.


If he continued, there would not be enough time, he did not need to fight with Liu tribe’s Gu Immortals, if he did that, the risks were great with minimal benefits.


As he flew, Fang Yuan continued using sword escape Immortal Gu.


Undoubtedly, red date immortal essence was truly durable. If it were like before, would Fang Yuan with only green grape immortal essence dare to sustain such expenditure for so long?


But it was out of Fang Yuan’s expectations that while he retreated, he did not see a single trace of Liu tribe’s Gu Immortals.


He did not know that Liu Chang had delayed a lot of time in escorting his sister back, he could no longer make it. As for the other two Liu tribe Gu Immortals, they did pursue him, but they could not catch up.


After Fang Yuan entered Tai Qiu, these two Liu tribe Gu Immortals could only watch without entering.


Through the Gu formation, Fang Yuan returned to Lang Ya blessed land.




“Fang Yuan is back!” Sixth Hair immediately got news of it.


He had a complex feeling.


Because right now, he had already known that Fang Yuan had killed Ye Lui Qun Xing. Most importantly, Fang Yuan had used ancient sword dragon transformation, he used his own strength, instead of relying on the upper extreme heavenly eagle!


“How did his battle strength surge so quickly? And recently, he has been very busy, going in and out of this place, what is he trying to do?”


Sixth Hair was very uneasy.


Seeing Fang Yuan’s busy schedule, he felt like he was looking at Fang Yuan’s back, seeing him sprinting ahead rapidly.


Sixth Hair really wanted to trip Fang Yuan and halt his progression, but there was nothing he could do.


Whenever he thought of Fang Yuan’s upper extreme heavenly eagle, he became dejected.


Rank eight battle strength!


Sixth Hair did not know the truth, he could only hope that Fang Yuan had few heavenly crystals and could not feed the upper extreme heavenly eagle.




“I hope this upper extreme heavenly eagle dies of hunger!” Sixth Hair could only hope for this.


“I have insufficient heavenly crystals indeed.” Fang Yuan returned to his cloud city, after inspecting his immortal aperture, he sighed deeply.


Sixth Hair’s hopes were not groundless.


Heavenly crystals were rank eight immortal materials, they were rarely sold in treasure yellow heaven.


In this aspect, Fang Yuan did not have enough heavenly crystals to begin with, the majority were obtained by trading resources with Heavenly Lord Bai Zu.


The upper extreme heavenly eagle had been growing all the while, his heavenly crystal storage was depleting.


“It doesn’t matter, I will use my sect contribution points to exchange for a batch and use my immortal killer move on the upper extreme heavenly eagle to delay its growth.”


Hei Fan’s true inheritance could accelerate the upper extreme heavenly eagle’s aging and cause it to mature rapidly, he naturally had a method to do the opposite.


However, Fang Yuan only spent some sect contribution points to exchange for heavenly crystals, he did not use any immortal killer move.


Fang Yuan was still not familiar with this killer move, he needed to practice it many times or the activation would fail. Not only would Fang Yuan be injured, the upper extreme heavenly eagle would be hurt as well. Secondly, this immortal killer move needed three days to activate, Fang Yuan did not have enough time.


Fang Yuan left after returning.


Using the super teleportation Gu formation, he went to another corner of Northern Plains.


Undoubtedly, Lang Ya land spirit’s super Gu formation was simply too useful. Fang Yuan lost Fixed Immortal Travel, but using this super Gu formation, Fang Yuan could still enjoy the effects of Fixed Immortal Travel.


Choosing a location without anyone nearby, Fang Yuan tossed out Liu Yong’s corpse.


Placing his immortal aperture, Fang Yuan went inside.


Liu Yong had a land spirit left behind, it was a black hound, the condition it had was: collect twenty desolate beast hounds for this blessed land.


Fang Yuan easily completed it.


A few days later, he successfully annexed this blessed land and the sovereign immortal aperture gained some new territory.


Speaking of which, Fang Yuan had annexed many immortal apertures recently.


The entire space in the sovereign immortal aperture had increased slightly.


But because the sovereign immortal aperture was just too large, the increase in size was not significant.


There was also another change, the land spirits.


Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture already had more than ten land spirits. There was a snake, star core, black hound, land spirits in all sorts of forms were scattered in different locations over the sovereign immortal aperture.


They all controlled an area and Fang Yuan provided them immortal essence and Gu worms.


A lot of the immortal essence was left behind by their main bodies before death, it was not Fang Yuan’s own green grape immortal essence or red date immortal essence.


Other people’s immortal essence was also known as foreign immortal essence, they had limited use.


The biggest use was to activate Immortal Gu Houses.


In the past, Fang Yuan obtained a huge amount of Giant Sun’s immortal essence, he used almost all of it to activate Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage, and used it extensively in Yi Tian Mountain. Next, he used Change Soul and the remaining amount of Giant Sun’s immortal essence went to Ying Wu Xie.


It was necessary to mention that Immortal Gu House had fixed abilities, but their strength depended on the immortal essence that was expended, they could either be stronger or weaker.


After absorbing Liu Yong’s enslavement path blessed land, Fang Yuan realized that his count of calamities and tribulations had only moved forward by one!


“It seems that with rank seven cultivation level, annexing a rank six blessed land has negligible effects. The truly effective ones are rank seven immortal apertures!”


Fang Yuan realized this and his gaze turned pensive.


“It is slightly difficult.”


In the five regions’ Gu Immortal world, rank six Gu Immortals were the most commonly seen. Rank sevens were rarer, their quantity was far lower than rank sixes. And rank seven blessed lands could only be annexed by those with grandmaster attainment level in that path.


Fang Yuan only had five grandmaster attainment level paths. Among which, rank seven Gu Immortals who cultivated strength path, blood path, and wisdom path were few. Star path and transformation path were still available, but this way, Fang Yuan’s options were far fewer, he could not annex rank seven blessed lands as casually as rank six ones.


But Fang Yuan had a solution for this problem.


He directed his gaze far away.


In the direction of Southern Border!


“How can I make my way in? Just familiar face alone, even though I can conceal myself, if I interact with them, I will be full of flaws, this is a headache.”


Fang Yuan had no idea on what to do.


He did not leave Northern Plains urgently.


He was waiting to see everyone’s responses.


Liu Guan Yi had an infamous reputation now, he suddenly assaulted Liu tribe and killed Liu Yong, he looted Bone Burial Field and the jade light pit, news quickly spread in the Northern Plains Gu Immortal world.


The righteous path forces were furious, Gong Wan Ting also changed her attitude after hearing this, she questioned Chu Du and blamed the Domination Immortal.


Over at Chu Sect, they were also surprised and shocked.


They held great anticipation towards Fang Yuan, but he ignored the blood battle martial competition and went to loot Liu tribe alone.


So daring!


So unrestricted in his actions!


Liu tribe was Chu Du’s enemy, back then, it was because of Chu Du and Liu tribe’s conflict that he gained great reputation and became known as the Domination Immortal.


But now, even though Liu tribe suffered a loss, Chu Du was unhappy.


“This Brother Liu is too uncontrollable!!” Chu Du’s good feelings towards Fang Yuan vanished without a trace.


He did not want any Gu Immortal under him to do this.


Fang Yuan did this and broke all of the rules, he destroyed the tacit understanding between both sides.


Chu Du was quite angry.


Yao Huang and Heavenly Lord Bai Zu also felt the same.


Even Ye Lui Qun Xing’s death could not cause any sorrow or concern in these two rank eight Gu Immortals. But after hearing news of Fang Yuan attacking Liu tribe, they frowned in unison.


“A piece of rat poop spoils an entire pot of soup!”


“Liu Guan Yi… is not a member of the righteous path.”


The two rank eight Gu Immortals gave their verdict on Fang Yuan immediately.


Both sides had agreed to hold their bottom line during this conflict. It was like two kids fighting, they would agree beforehand that they could attack anywhere, except the face.


Fang Yuan did this, he not only slapped their face, the vile consequences were something that the righteous path Gu Immortals did not want to see.


Immediately, Chu Du declared: Liu Guan Yi’s actions were purely his own, he was not asked to conduct them. To express his innocence, as well as Chu Sect’s standpoint, Chu Du announced on the scene that Liu Guan Yi would be expelled from the sect, he would no longer be Chu Sect’s second supreme elder.


“So resolute.” Fang Yuan noted as he held Chu Du’s letter Gu.


In the letter, Chu Du was very polite, he expressed his helplessness, the situation was very urgent at that time, he had to expel Liu Guan Yi immediately. He expressed that on the inside, he had wanted Fang Yuan to stay, and hoped that in the future, they could still cooperate.


Be it Fang Yuan’s immortal tribulation tempering aperture or the Crazed Demon Agreement, Chu Du had reason to continue cooperating with Fang Yuan secretly.


But publicly, the two were enemies.


At the same time, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu and Yao Huang sent orders denouncing Fang Yuan’s demonic acts, they were putting up an arrest warrant for Fang Yuan, so that he would receive judgment.


This was how the righteous path worked, they did not want demons to wreak havoc.


The three sides immediately kicked Fang Yuan out.


Even though Fang Yuan’s battle strength was something Chu Du needed.


Fang Yuan’s plan of disrupting Northern Plains failed. Not just that, Liu Guan Yi was now wanted by everyone.


“Chu Du, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, Yao Huang, they are truly not easy to scheme against.”


Fang Yuan smiled, he was unphased.


Not to mention Liu Guan Yi was just a randomly created false identity for himself, even if it was real, so what?


His main connections in Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world were the variant humans.


At the same time, he was planning to go to Southern Border now.


Although Fang Yuan would still pay attention to the developments of Northern Plains, his focus was now shifting towards the giant dream realm.


“Southern Border, oh Southern Border, I am coming back.”


“As a rank seven Gu Immortal…”


“Is this considered to be returning with glory?”


Fang Yuan had a complex smile on his face.




