Chapter 1219: Fang Yuan versus Wu Yong


Fang Yuan took large strides, walking out of the group of Qiao clan Gu Immortals.


At once, everyone’s focus was gathered on him.


Fang Yuan instantly became the center of attention.


Seeing his face, multiple supreme elders of Wu clan gasped: “They are really alike.”


Fang Yuan’s appearance, no, Wu Yi Hai’s appearance, was very similar to his birth mother Wu Du Xiu. This was an undeniable point, it was Fang Yuan’s advantage.


Wu Yong was different, he resembled his father, he had complementing eyes and brows, he looked very ordinary, he had a natural unremarkable aura.


But Wu Yi Hai was different.


He was handsome and muscular, he stood out from the crowd like a spear stabbing at the sky. Even though he lived in Eastern Sea, his traits were very similar to Wu clan Gu Immortals, especially his nose, it was wide and tall, at a glance, people could tell that this person was very extraordinary, he had a firm personality and could not be looked down upon.


Of course, the reason why Fang Yuan could give off such an impression was highly attributed to his appearance.


The real Wu Yi Hai did not have the traits of a Wu clansman.


Rank eight immortal killer move — Familiar Face!




Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s signature method, it was displaying its worth right now, all of these Gu Immortals were deceived, none of them could tell that Fang Yuan was an impostor.


The truth was, even Wu clan’s Gu Immortals were seeing Wu Yi Hai for the first time.


Undoubtedly, Fang Yuan’s prior preparation and hard work was rewarded now. When Wu clan’s Gu Immortals looked at him, they held some good feelings towards him.


Because Wu Yi Hai looked like Wu Du Xiu.


Wu Du Xiu was not beautiful, she had features that suited a man, if she were a male, she would be a grand hero that could rival heaven.


Wu Yi Hai bore seventy percent resemblance to her.


Wu Du Xiu died, Wu clan was in a commotion, the clan’s Gu Immortals were all in remembrance of Wu Du Xiu’s achievements and glory.


After all, humans were like this, they did not feel much attachment towards people when they were still alive, but the moment they were gone, they would want to cherish and appreciate them.


Fang Yuan appeared at this juncture, it made good use of the immortals’ mental state.


Of course, this was part of Fang Yuan’s calculations.




“Alike, they really look alike.” Even other clans’ Gu Immortals were sighing.


Fang Yuan sensed sharply that the gazes on him were changing slowly.


In the five hundred years of his previous life, he did not have the achievement of high cultivation level, but he had gone through five hundred years of life, he had nurtured an unfathomably deep ability to observe situations, and an acute perception towards the changes of emotions in the Gu Immortals near him.


He sensed that the gazes of Wu clan’s Gu Immortals were welcoming, while Wu Yong’s gaze carried animosity in it.


Wu Yong was indeed shocked.


Fang Yuan had disguised as ‘Wu Yi Hai’ and appeared, this greatly affected his plans and arrangements.


What made Wu Yong alarmed was that Fang Yuan and Qiao clan’s Gu Immortals were together, he felt a sense of wariness.


The truth was, Wu Yong hated this younger brother of his in the deepest part of his heart.


Even though both sides were meeting for the first time.


Wu Yong did not like Fang Yuan at first sight.


Because Wu Yi Hai looked too much like his mother Wu Du Xiu.


So many years.


Wu Yong had followed by Wu Du Xiu’s side, growing under her protection.


Wu Du Xiu was a giant tree, the leaves of the tree protected the entirety of Wu clan, including Wu Yong himself.


Wu Yong felt like he was constantly lowering his head, the shade of the tree was a type of shadow that loomed over his life.


He was Wu Du Xiu’s son, but do not forget, he was a man.


Men naturally sought strength, having an intense desire towards authority.


But all along, Wu Yong was under Wu Du Xiu’s shadow, her strength, her abilities, as well as her identity, Wu Yong could not resist her, he had to lower his head.


Wu Du Xiu passed away, Wu Yong was naturally very upset and grieved, but at the same time, unavoidably, he felt freedom, he felt… joy.


This joy was something that Wu Yong did not dare to admit he felt.


But now, when Wu Yong saw this Wu Yi Hai who resembled Wu Du Xiu, he unavoidably felt some feelings of dislike.


Fang Yuan sensed Wu Yong’s ill intent and animosity, even though he disguised himself well.


Fang Yuan knew on the inside: “The first step of showing myself succeeded, but the second step of interacting with Wu clan and getting them to acknowledge me is the crucial one.”


“Being accepted by Wu clan means getting Wu Yong, this rank eight Gu Immortal, the first supreme elder of Wu clan’s acknowledgement!”


Thus, when Fang Yuan stepped into the limelight, he bowed deeply towards Wu Yong: “Wu Yi Hai pays respects to elder brother.”


Wu Yong had an agitated but hesitant expression: “Are you really my brother Yi Hai? Alike, you really look like mother, except that your eyes are blue, we don’t usually have that eye color in Southern Border.”


That sentence had deep meaning.


Wu Yong did not directly acknowledge Fang Yuan’s identity, instead, he pointed out the Eastern Sea Gu Immortal identity of ‘Wu Yi Hai’ seemingly unintentionally.


Fang Yuan answered solemnly: “Reporting to brother, I had black eyes before, but some accidents occurred when I cultivated transformation path. Right now, I returned due to mother’s arrangement. Unfortunately, I met with many attacks along the way, Uncle Zhang and Brother Leng, who traveled with me, died on the battlefield while protecting me as I escaped.”


“Both Zhang and Leng were simply attendants of my mother, but they made great contributions to Wu clan. Pass my orders, we will give them a grand burial, according to the rules of how we treat external supreme elders. Their descendants will also be taken care of, and be treated as equals in our Wu clan.” Wu Yong instructed.


The supreme elders quickly responded.


Fang Yuan heard this and snickered internally.


This Wu Yong refused to give up any chance to show off his wise image, but hearing his words, he did not accept Fang Yuan’s identity. He avoided the important topic, taking about Zhang and Leng and ignoring the important point — his brother Wu Yi Hai.


Wu Yong ignored this part, but Fang Yuan was not helpless.


This could not stop him.


Fang Yuan bowed as he said: “I hope brother can allow me to pay respects to our mother!”


Wu Yong’s brows tightened.


Fang Yuan’s words were very logical, as a son, his mother had passed away, how could he not pay respects to her?


This was an extremely reasonable request, especially in a clan system where bloodline was crucial in maintaining relationships, even Wu Yong could not stop him.


If he said no, outsiders would react badly to it, his new image that had been painstakingly created would be completely ruined.


But if he did not refuse Fang Yuan’s request, then that would mean that Wu clan was acknowledging Fang Yuan’s identity, that he was a member of Wu clan!


As a matter of fact, Wu Yong did not want that.


Wu Yong disliked Wu Yi Hai’s appearance.


Wu Yi Hai’s identity was a headache to Wu Yong.


Wu Yi Hai came here with Qiao clan, it was a huge warning to Wu Yong!


“This Wu Yi Hai should go back to where he came from. Isn’t he an Eastern Sea Gu Immortal? Then let him develop in Eastern Sea, even if I have to spend some resources to get him to leave.”


This was the best result for Wu Yong.


In fact, Fang Yuan’s performance and the Qiao clan Gu Immortals’ testament made Wu Yong not suspicious towards Fang Yuan’s true identity.


“Wait, what if I get rid of this Wu Yi Hai?”


“I could not do it earlier because mother was around. But now, I am first supreme elder, this is my territory, in time, I will gain control of the clan, I can make arrangements in secret and execute him, wouldn’t that end my troubles?”


“Even if he is in Eastern Sea, it is a problem. If he is not in Eastern Sea and stays in Southern Border, the problem is even bigger.”


“I might as well agree to his current request. Eventually, I can go through some arrangements and demonstrate him to be a fake, I will be able to openly get rid of him!”


Thinking of this, Wu Yong felt intense killing intent surging in him.


He was about to speak, and directly agree to Fang Yuan’s request, when suddenly, a supreme elder of Wu clan said: “Pardon me, but is everyone forgetting to confirm second young master Wu Yi Hai’s identity. I am not suspecting him, or suspecting anyone from Qiao clan, but for him to come back to the clan, that is a necessary procedure!”


Wu Yong heard this and his brows tightened again.


He looked at the Wu clan Gu Immortal who spoke deeply, it was Wu clan’s third supreme elder, Wu Qiao 1 .


The gazes of Fang Yuan and Qiao clan’s first supreme elder met secretly, he thought: “It was right to contact Qiao clan, but I did not think that Qiao clan had infiltrated Wu clan so deeply, reaching up to the third supreme elder, Wu Qiao.”


Qiao clan’s first supreme elder looked at Fang Yuan, thinking about the scene in which they schemed and collaborated…


“As long as I appear during the funeral, Wu Yong would be in a passive position. Even as a rank eight Gu Immortal who can easily kill me with his strength, he cannot do anything to me there. Hehehe.”


Fang Yuan laughed as he continued: “He will not attack or kill me. Because he is Wu clan’s first supreme elder, he is not a lone cultivator or a demonic cultivator. By then, if I request to pay respects to our mother, what can Wu Yong do to stop me?”


“Hahaha, brilliant, truly brilliant!” Qiao clan’s first supreme elder gave a thumbs up: “Privately acknowledging your heritage is too dangerous. If we do this, it is brilliant, even if Wu Yong disagrees, what can he do?”


Fang Yuan said seriously: “Thus, we must undergo the acknowledgement during the funeral. If we miss this chance, it will be difficult. Not only would the risks be higher, Wu Yong would not even give us any opportunity.”


“Don’t worry, by then, I will speak up and suggest this.” Qiao clan’s first supreme elder smiled.


“No, no, no.” Fang Yuan shook his head: “It is unsuitable for you to suggest it, you are an outsider, how can you interfere in Wu clan’s business?”


Qiao clan’s first supreme elder fell into silence.


Fang Yuan’s words directly addressed his biggest concern. This was a huge problem he was facing. If this was not solved, he could not cooperate with ‘Wu Yi Hai’.


Fang Yuan’s arms were behind his back, he raised his head and looked outside the window: “Therefore, I need a supreme elder from Wu clan, he can openly suggest this, and steer the situation towards the heritage acknowledgement.”


Qiao clan’s first supreme elder was a bit troubled: “This…”




