Chapter 122: There Are Many Storms in Life


Whizzzz!

Three moonblades slashed through the air, casting their eerie blue light.

Screeeech!

In an instant, more than a dozen jade eye stone monkeys were slaughtered.

The group of stone monkeys chasing Fang Yuan had instantly been halved.

Fang Yuan stood firm and didn’t retreat. Instead, he lifted his right hand and slashed the air three more times.

Three moonblades once again sailed through the monkey group, beheading any stone monkeys in their paths.

Their corpses fell to the ground, shattering into countless fragments. Their eyes turned into jade pearls and rolled on the red earth of the cavern floor.

Fang Yuan inspected his aperture. He still had more than half of his primeval essence.

The Moonglow Gu required 10% light red primeval essence to produce a moonblade. That meant he could only use four of them when he was at initial stage. At middle stage, that number increased to eight, and with upper stage primeval essence from the Four Flavors Liquor Worm, it grew to sixteen. His fighting strength was rising sharply.

Before, he had needed to fight while retreating, slowly whittling down the massive groups of monkeys. But now, he just threw a few moonblades and slew most of them in moments. The few survivors fled.

I cleaned up three stone pillars in just two days, many times faster than before! If this goes on, I will be able to reopen a path to the central area in about half a month.

If the inheritance up till now is any indication, the underground cave beneath the central pillar should be the next trial. It is very likely that there will be another Earth Treasury Flower Gu just before it. I’d also guess the Flower Wine Monk’s inheritance is almost over. After all, he was seriously injured, and this inheritance was set up in a hurry.

Fang Yuan recalled the scene in the video, the blood-soaked Flower Wine Monk on his last breath. With his previous life’s deep experience, he reached this conclusion.

The Flower Wine Monk had too little time to set up this inheritance. However, this was a special case.

Gu Masters normally spent years setting up their inheritances. There were some large ones that would only open once every ten or more years. Some inheritances were even divided and scattered across different areas and could even be at the different ends of the world.

Would-be successors would need years or even decades to go through all the tests of such inheritances. Some might not even be explored completely in a single Gu Master’s lifetime. In that case, they would leave it to their descendants.

The Flower Wine Monk’s inheritance can be classified as a tiny inheritance, and its main shortcoming is the small number of inheritance items. But this also has an advantage: the trials are simple because they have to use the local environment. I have obtained the White Boar Gu, Jade Skin Gu, and Liquor Worm from this inheritance. The Stealth Rock Gu can be barely considered a part of it. There are probably only two more Earth Treasury Flowers remaining. I hope that the Gu worms in them will be related to scouting or movement!

•••

Autumn went, and winter arrived. The first snowfall had come.

The sky was gray, and snowflakes floated down on Qing Mao Mountain.

Fang Yuan was moving alone through the snow. He had just come out from the rock crack secret cave and was hurrying towards the village.

Over two months have passed, but my progress in clearing the stone pillars has not been good. Fang Yuan scowled.

It was not because he hadn’t put in effort, but rather that the prelude to the wolf tide had already begun.

Food was scarce during the winter, and the growing wolf packs were hunting more and more to fill their bellies.

The wild beasts in the vicinity of the wolf dens had been hunted to extinction. Small beast tides would frequently break out, and there were also packs of crippled wolves, expelled from the dens, that had begun appearing not far from the village.

It hadn’t yet reached the point where they attacked the villages, but hunters no longer roamed deep into the mountains, and some mortal villagers occasionally lost their lives to the wolves.

Gu Yue Village had mobilized many Gu Masters to carry out clean-up operations. Due to this, there were many people moving about, with many scouting Gu Masters among them. Thus, Fang Yuan sensibly decreased the amount of times he went to the secret cave.

And as a result, he was making little progress in clearing out the stone forest.

The cold wind was getting stronger, and the snowfall grew heavier.

Houuuuu…

A deep beastly howl suddenly spread through the wind and snow.

Fang Yuan swiftly stopped and looked around, alert.

A small wolf pack with about twenty or so lightning wolves quickly entered his vision.

“Here we go again…” Fang Yuan muttered. This was the eighth beast group he had encountered this month.

However, this time was somewhat different.

The wolf packs are getting quite close to the village. The clan’s Gu Masters will also start coming here. The secret cave is not far away; looks like I can’t go there for some time. Fang Yuan’s heart sank at the thought.

Any journey was difficult. There would always be obstacles that stopped you from progressing.

The wolf pack closed in on Fang Yuan.

Houuu! Houuu! Houuu!

They howled before charging at Fang Yuan, coming at him one after another.

Moonglow Gu, Fang Yuan willed, and a moonblade flew out from his hand.

The eerie blue moonblade slashed through the wind and snow, tearing through the sickly wolves. It instantly beheaded three, but when it reached the fourth, the wolf suddenly rolled and cleverly dodged the moonblade.

Although most of these crippled wolves were handicapped, blind, or missing their tails, they had plenty of battle experience and were very cunning.

A normal rank two middle stage Gu Master would be in intense danger if they ran into such a group of crippled wolves, especially if they were surrounded.

But Fang Yuan was calm.

His plentiful battle experience and his upper stage crimson red primeval essence were the source of his confidence.

Kill, kill, kill!

He nimbly moved under the joint attacks from the crippled wolves, calmly dodging and decisively attacking.

They continued to die by his hands.

After a short while, half the lightning wolves in the pack lay dead.

Houuu—!

A wolf gave a mournful howl. They immediately stopped their attack and began retreating.

This was the cunning of these wolves.

When they discovered that Fang Yuan was not easy meat, they decisively retreated, giving up their plan to hunt him.

These old, sickly, and injured wolves weren’t in a perfect state, but being able to live till now showed their wisdom.

Fang Yuan stood there, calmly watching the crippled wolves as they disappeared into the wind and snow. If he could hide his strength, then he didn’t feel it necessary to reveal it.

After confirming that the wolf pack had completely escaped, he began looting the corpses.

Wolf pelts, teeth, and so on were all valuable.

Although their market prices were on the low end, the quantity could make up for it.

In the last two months, Fang Yuan had made a small sum from the spoils of war from eradicating these crippled wolves.

The blood flowing from the wolf corpses was still warm. Some of them were not entirely corpses, their eyes still showing a trace of vigor.

In this world, not only humans but all living things are struggling to survive. This world is a stage, and it uses life and death to unfold a brilliant play! Fang Yuan sighed before ruthlessly killing off these dying wolves.

A lone crippled wolf was still more dangerous than two jade eye stone monkeys at once, and when they worked together in a pack, their fighting strength would double.

I can still deal with these small crippled wolf packs. But it would be troublesome to handle large crippled wolf packs, or a small healthy wolf pack.

Fang Yuan could feel a faint pressure.

The wolf tide will break out soon and the whole clan will be mobilized, including me. If I want to hunt the lightning wolves by myself, I must have a scouting or movement Gu. Otherwise, I will fall to the wolf tide.

Fang Yuan clearly recognized his shortcomings due to his ample experience.

His fighting strength had increased sharply after getting the Four Flavors Liquor Worm. With the Moonglow Gu and Jade Skin Gu, he had both offense and defense. With his previous life’s deep accumulation, he could be mentioned in the same breath as Qing Shu, Chi Shan, and Mo Yan.

One could say that he was already able to stand among the top rank two Gu Masters of the clan, if only barely.

Barely, because he was not truly at upper stage, and his aptitude was only C grade.

He had raised his fighting strength as much as he could with what he had, but fighting strength was only one of the aspects required to survive the wolf tide.

I must have a scouting method. If I have a scouting Gu worm, I will be able to sense the movements of the wolf pack and quickly retreat or change directions. Or use a movement Gu to quickly run and escape from the wolf pack’s encirclement.

His survival rate would greatly increase if he had just one of those Gu worms. If he had both, then he would be able to move about easily.

I hope the Flower Wine Monk’s inheritance contains such Gu worms, but it’s not a problem even if it doesn’t. From my memories, the three clans will jointly establish a contribution board during the wolf tide and put their stored Gu worms on the exchange list. There were many precious Gu. At that time, I can use my contributions and exchange them for the other villages’ Gu worms.

Fang Yuan stood up.

He had swiftly arranged the spoils of war in a short period and packed them in a bag which he then carried on his back.

The snow continued to fall, and soon it froze the wolf blood and covered their corpses.

“Look, Fang Yuan is back.”

“He is carrying a bag, did he go out to hunt crippled wolves again?”

“It was him that saved our village?”

“Hey, it was only by a stroke of luck. We both know how it went, if I had such great strength, I could also do that. It’s no big deal.”

As Fang Yuan walked through the village, people made way for him. Among the whispers, there were words of praise, curious questions, and jealous mutterings.

“Fang Yuan!” Chi Shan called out, suddenly appearing from around a corner.

