Chapter 1227: Dragonman


“Our Combat Immortal Sect is one of the ten great ancient sects. Lad, since you were recommended by my senior brother, you must know about the selection rules of Combat Immortal Sect, it will depend on your combat results.”.


In Fang Yuan’s vision, a Gu Master was looking down imposingly at him, saying: “If you want to officially become a disciple of Combat Immortal Sect, you have to put up a good fight and be one of the ten people left out of a hundred people, to be qualified to join the sect.”


“Combat Immortal Sect…”


“Why is it this kind of dream.”


“Spectral Soul Demon Venerable didn’t seem to have joined Combat Immortal Sect during his life?”


“It seems that he absorbed many souls in the door of life and death and obtained lots of cultivation experiences. This is why it formed like this?”


Fang Yuan speculated inwardly.


At this time, the Gu Master took out three Gu worms.


This first Gu worm looked like a caterpillar, it was light blue and the size of an adult’s thumb, the head had a small horn on it.


The second Gu worm was a butterfly with red patterns, emitting a warm aura.


The third Gu worm was a toad, it seemed like a grey rock.




Inside the dream realm, the Gu Master spoke: “These three Gu worms are water arrow Gu, fire cloak Gu, and spirit saliva Gu. You are a rank one Gu Master, choose one.”


“I can only choose one?” Fang Yuan asked.


“Everyone can only choose one.” The Gu Master in charge said expressionlessly.


Fang Yuan nodded, he assessed carefully: “Water arrow Gu is for attacking, but it is not good among offensive Gu. Fire cloak Gu is a defensive Gu, it grants me a cloak of fire that can burn enemies mildly, and spirit saliva Gu can be used to heal Gu Masters.”


“If I can choose all of them, so be it. But if I can only choose one, it means this task needs cooperation. The earlier Gu Master said that there are a hundred people but ten spots. To explore this dream realm, I probably need to go ahead and get one of the ten spots.”


“I choose fire cloak Gu.” Fang Yuan thought, answering soon after.


He needed to race for time.


His dream realm exploration time was very precious. The soul would continuously be expended when exploring dream realms, once it weakens to a certain level, Fang Yuan’s cognitive abilities would fall drastically. He would be unable to differentiate between reality and the dream, he would not know that he was dreaming. Eventually, his soul would be trapped in the dream, until he died, Fang Yuan would only have his body left in this world, like those pitiful Gu Immortals of Southern Border earlier.


Exploring dream realms was dangerous.


Especially when Fang Yuan was exploring it alone, without anyone around to take care of him. If any problems occurred, he would be unable to save himself, that would be terrible.




But who could Fang Yuan truly trust?


To grow his attainment level, Fang Yuan had to pay a price and take some risks.


“Of course, I have my trump card, I am not recklessly charging around like other Gu Immortals, needing to test their luck.” Fang Yuan thought of this and immediately used an immortal killer move — Unravel Dream!


Large numbers of dream path mortal Gu were expended, a mystical power was displayed before Fang Yuan.


A Gu Master suddenly appeared.


The Gu Master from earlier was shocked, he asked the new Gu Master: “Senior brother, why are you here?”


The senior brother said: “I came to take a look, junior brother, give the spirit saliva Gu to this child.”


“But senior brother, this is cheating, if it is discovered…” The junior brother was troubled.


The senior brother laughed: “Don’t worry, spirit saliva Gu cannot be detected on the outside if it is used secretly. This child also chose fire cloak Gu, when he is concealed by it, who can see that he is healing himself?”


The junior brother nodded: “Since senior brother is saying that, I have nothing else to say. Take it.”


Saying so, he tossed two Gu worms at Fang Yuan, fire cloak Gu and spirit saliva Gu.


Fang Yuan had just received them when the surrounding dream realm faded, becoming the second scene.


Unravel dream’s effect would change to fit the dream realm, creating effects that would benefit the user.


Thus, unravel dream’s actual effect would vary from dream realm to dream realm.


“But this time, after using unravel dream, I only obtained one extra mortal Gu in the dream. Unravel dream is an immortal killer move, this effect was rather small.”


Fang Yuan thought about it, when he was exploring Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s dream realm, unravel dream had immediate results, like untying the wind knot grass instantly, it was direct progress of the dream realm. Unlike here, after using it, he only gained one more mortal Gu.


After all, Fang Yuan’s cultivation level was rank two in this dream realm, he had limited primeval essence, he could not use Gu worms many times. Even though he obtained a second Gu, he had to use his primeval essence wisely, the actual help was not very big.


“Don’t tell me that because this dream realm is too big, the rules of the dream realm are also stronger. Thus, external influences are less effective? In the five hundred years of my previous life, a batch of Gu Immortals also agreed with this point…”


Regardless of Fang Yuan’s thoughts, the second scene had started.


Fang Yuan found that he was in dusty fog, the road in front of him seemed to be at level ground.


“This is the internal space of a Gu formation, it can accommodate a hundred people to fight, the Gu Masters controlling the Gu formation can also observe our situation, huh…”


Fang Yuan analyzed as a young man in the fog approached him.


Fang Yuan thought quickly, he called out: “Don’t attack, friend, so many people are participating, we can ally first.”


“Ally? You offended Young Master Long, you want others to ally with you?” The young man snickered as he shot out a water arrow.


Fang Yuan’s figure shifted, he nimbly dodged it, before pouncing.


Seeing that Fang Yuan was getting close, the young man panicked, he used a second water arrow and tried to force Fang Yuan away.


But Fang Yuan was experienced, seeing the young man raise his hand, he knew where the arrow was heading.


Fang Yuan moved his feet and charged even quicker as the second water arrow missed him narrowly.


The youngster quickly moved back, retreating while firing arrows.


Fang Yuan observed patiently, even though he had a chance to get close, Fang Yuan purposely dodged instead. After a while, the young man was out of steam.


Fang Yuan smiled, slowly walking forward: “Right now, I can disqualify you easily, how about it? Join me and we can work together to deal with the others, I am very sincere!”


“Hmph!” The young man snorted: “Just the two of us against ninety-eight people, you are dreaming. You offended Young Master Long, you wanted to snatch his woman, and you still want to get into Combat Immortal Sect, you are simply dreaming! I would rather give up here than offend Young Master Long foolishly!”


Fang Yuan’s heart sank.


In this case, wouldn’t he have to deal with the other teenagers in this test alone?


This Young Master Long was truly a problem.


“No wonder earlier, Southern Border’s righteous path Gu Immortals suffered heavy losses. This dream realm is too difficult. It is harder than even Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s dream realm!” Fang Yuan retreated, realizing that he was surrounded by thirty youngsters who had ganged up together, encircling him all around.


Bai Xiang grotto-heaven.


“I succeeded.” Bai Ning Bing said plainly.


His gaze was still cold, he had a normal expression, but his appearance was quite tattered, he was charred black, like lamb on a barbecue rack, having been roasted for a long time.


When he spoke, smoke was coming out of his throat.


Bai Xiang heavenly spirit looked at him, nodding: “You used your own body to contain the fire, subduing the raging wave rising dragon fire. Do you know how dangerous this is, there is only a small chance of success, if you fail, your entire body will turn into ash.”


“Regardless, I succeeded.” Bai Ning Bing was still holding on desperately, when he spoke, each word was said with much difficulty, he was relying solely on his willpower.


Bai Xiang heavenly spirit chuckled: “Since you succeeded, you are now the new owner of this grotto-heaven. Greetings to young master.”


Bai Ning Bing nodded, he did not say anything, he felt like he would faint if he uttered another word.


But if he fainted, according to Ying Wu Xie’s words, he would be unable to control the raging wave rising dragon fire in his body, he would be burned to a crisp instantly.


At this time, Bai Xiang heavenly spirit said: “Young master, you are in a dangerous situation now, if you are careless, you will die completely, not even your soul will survive. If you were the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance Physique, it would be better, but you had to be the Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique. I have a cultivation method that suits your current state. This Gu refinement method uses the Gu Immortal themselves as Gu material, together with the raging wave rising dragon fire, you will be refined together, young master will leave the human race and become one of the variant humans — a dragonman.”


“Dragonman?” Bai Ning Bing stared with wide eyes, thinking: “<<The Legends of Ren Zu>> has no mention of any dragonman. There is such a variant human race?”


Bai Ning Bing did not speak, but Bai Xiang heavenly spirit knew his doubts.


The heavenly spirit continued: “It is indeed not inside <<The Legends of Ren Zu>>, because the variant human dragonman was created by a human great expert, Duke Long, the original intention was to prolong lifespan.”


“Duke Long is a Heavenly Court Gu Immortal, he has extremely high battle strength, like Sword Immortal Bo Qing in the past. He brought about the method of humans alike dragons 1 , he fused refinement path and transformation path, to create a brand new variant human race, the dragonman.”


Bai Ning Bing’s shock increased a bit more, he thought: “Who is this Duke Long? Even though I only became an immortal recently, knowledge is not my weakness, I know much more than ordinary Gu Immortals. Duke Long is someone on par with Bo Qing, how could he not be in historical records, is there no such person recorded in Gu Immortal history?”


“Is Bai Xiang heavenly spirit speaking rubbish?”




