Chapter 123: Alone Through Heaven and Earth


“What’s the matter?” Fang Yuan looked at Chi Shan.


Even in winter, he continued to go topless, his red skin emitting a warmth that made anyone close by feel like they were near a heater.


The white snow that landed on his body instantly melted.


This was because he had a Double Orifice Stove Gu, a rank two Gu worm. It could store heat and use it to attack. Subduing the cold was just a side effect.


Chi Shan’s expression was complicated. He stared at Fang Yuan and said gravely, “Have you heard that recently, Xiong Li from the Xiong Clan has been looking for you for a contest of strength?”


“I have,” Fang Yuan nodded.


Chi Shan sighed. “Xiong Li’s challenge is not a mere competition, it is related to the allocation of interests and profits in the three-clan alliance. In the face of the wolf tide, non-alliance means destruction, but the clans have been locked in a stalemate over discussions of such things.”


Fang Yuan looked at Chi Shan, instantly understanding why the man had gone looking for him.


Negotiation was the hardest thing to do. For their own interests, the three clans would not give an inch by default. The table of diplomacy had long been filled with gunpowder, smoke, and battles of wits.


In this world’s system of values, strength came first and kinship second.


Qing Mao Mountain’s three clans had fought for countless years, each bearing deep grudges. Obviously, kinship could not alleviate the tension between them. So to break the deadlock, they had to rely on strength.


On Earth, countries used military exercises to display their strength. In this world, it worked similarly in that there were Gu contests to display the strength of their faction and achieve greater benefits for themselves.


Xiong Li sought to challenge Fang Yuan for this reason.


As expected, Chi Shan continued. “I have competed with Xiong Li. He has a Brown Bear Innate Strength Gu and already possesses the strength of one bear. He also has a Grand Bear Gu, and can temporarily increase his strength to that of two bears. His strength is far beyond mine, as much as I want to deny it. There is no doubt he is the strongest person on Qing Mao Mountain.”


He paused for a moment, then continued. “Let’s talk business. Your strength is around mine, so you are not his match either. But you cannot lose, as you were the one who woke up the River-Swallowing Toad, the hero that saved Qing Mao Mountain. Once you lose, our clan’s interests will be compromised. So for the sake of the clan, discard your personal honor and avoid his challenge!”


Fang Yuan stared silently at Chi Shan.


Chi Shan looked at the ground. “I know that this will be difficult for you. Avoiding a challenge is disastrous for your reputation. But it is for the sake of the clan; if you lose, the clan will be in a much worse position. The clan has nurtured us, so we have to contribute back, right? The clan needs you. Sacrificing your own reputation for the clan is only natural! But this whole ordeal started because of me, so I will compensate you for it personally.”


Chi Shan handed Fang Yuan a large money bag.


Fang Yuan weighed it and chuckled. “So my reputation is only worth two hundred primeval stones?”


Chi Shan could hear the sarcasm in his words, and his gaze sharpened. “Fang Yuan, please restrain your indignation! While I tried to console you earlier, the truth is that I’m here with a mission. Regardless of what you think, on the order of the clan elders, you are to avoid this challenge. I hope you understand your position.”


He turned around and left, leaving deep footprints in the snow.


Fang Yuan looked at Chi Shan’s back, his eyes revealing signs of understanding.


In order to get the greatest benefits in the alliance, the clan has already used the fact that I chased away the River-Swallowing Toad as a chip in the negotiation. After all, the River-Swallowing Toad was a danger to all of Qing Mao Mountain. In order to get rid of this chip, the Xiong Clan sent Xiong Li to challenge me.


To the clan, I am but a pawn. Not just me, but Xiong Li and Chi Shan as well. What is sad is that these people are willingly acting as pawns, even basking in the glory of it and finding it natural; this is truly an example of the clan’s brainwashing.


But I didn’t even want to compete with Xiong Li in the first place. Reputation is nothing but praise from others, a chain that has bound countless heroes and geniuses in the past. But to me, what loss is there? Hehe, I have to thank Chi Shan for giving me two hundred primeval stones.


Fang Yuan smirked.


Why did he attract Xiong Li’s challenge? Merely because he had the glory of saving the village. Why did Chi Shan challenge Xiong Li? It was merely for the reputation of Qing Mao Mountain’s strongest person.


Reputation was such a superficial thing, but it still tempted, manipulated, and trampled countless people.


Sad, how sad!


Snowflakes continued to descend slowly.


Gu Yue Village stood silent and tall in the snow. People rushed by him through the streets.


What’s laughable is that these people have been trapped by this fictitious glory!


Fang Yuan’s eyes narrowed.


The light reflected from the snow shone on his face, lending it a sort of pale coldness.


He suddenly laughed and recited a poem.


“White snow blankets the land as I travel alone through heaven and earth.


Without any attachments, my solitary shadow travels freely.”


He stepped forward and continued on his way.


While others rushed, Fang Yuan walked alone.


Whether it was the clansmen, the snow, or the village, they were merely a blurry background.


A moment later, he reached his rental apartment.


The bamboo buildings and the wine tavern had long been sold. He continued to stay in the rented flat, and although it was very simple, Fang Yuan did not ask for more. He just needed shelter over his head.


Sitting on the bed, Fang Yuan began to cultivate.


Breaking through a large realm required ability and talent, but breaking through a small realm was merely the accumulation of time. Eventually, with enough nurturing, his cultivation would continue to improve.


According to their agreement, Jiang Ya came to Fang Yuan’s residence in the evening.


“Lord Fang Yuan, these are the primeval stones this time, please inspect them.” He walked into the room and respectfully handed Fang Yuan five money bags filled with primeval stones.


There were far more than four hundred primeval stones within. As the wolf tide approached, Gu Masters had begun using more and more Vitality Leaves, so Fang Yuan had continuously raised his prices.


Fang Yuan handed Jiang Ya nine Vitality Leaves and asked, “Have you purchased what I requested?”


Jiang Ya showed a look of disappointment and shook his head. “Lord Fang Yuan, this is bad timing. The wolf tide is coming, and the clan has increased its control over resources. It might be easier to get certain other things, but the Fish Scale Gu is only slightly less valuable than the Jade Skin Gu. I have already tried my best, but it is difficult to get results immediately.”


Fang Yuan frowned.


The Fish Scale Gu was used with the Stealth Rock Gu to create the Stealth Scales Gu. There were no other recipes he was aware of.


Even with the clan locking down resources, it does not mean we cannot find a Fish Scale Gu. The root of the problem is that Jiang Ya’s ability is lacking. It seems that refining the Stealth Scales Gu will take some time. Fang Yuan sighed in his heart.


But he was not discouraged.


Nine out of ten things in this world would not go according to plan.


That was life, and the words “smooth sailing” were nothing but a beautiful blessing.


The Bai Clan produces Fish Scale Gu, and our clan also has some, although less of them. It seems this matter has to wait until after the formal alliance.


Fang Yuan was not in a rush. He knew that once the three clans formed an alliance, they would create a battle merit board. This would encourage Gu Masters to proactively hunt wolves. By then, he would be able to use his merit points to exchange for the three clans’ resources.


Of course, the Gu Yue Clan’s Moonlight Gu, the Xiong Clan’s Bear Strength Gu, and the Bai Clan’s Stream Gu were the clans’ signature Gu, and would not be exchangeable.


But the Fish Scale Gu definitely would be.


Danger was accompanied by opportunity.


To Gu Masters, the wolf tide was a deadly test, but also an opportunity to rise up.


Countless famous Gu Masters would die, and countless others would rise up to take their places. Old factions would weaken, and new ones would step onto the political stage.


At night, unexpected guests arrived: Qing Shu and Fang Zheng.


Qing Shu got straight to the point and restated that he wanted to buy the Liquor Worm from Fang Yuan.


He also wanted to buy the Black Boar Gu, and even the Nine Leaf Vitality Grass.


The Nine Leaf Vitality Grass was definitely not for sale, and the Liquor Worm had long become the Four Flavors Liquor Worm. Even if Fang Yuan wanted to, he couldn’t sell it.


But the Black Boar Gu…


I have already gained the strength of a boar, so the Black Boar Gu has little value to me any more. Its best advancement path is the Steel Mane Gu, which has both offensive and defensive abilities, but I already have both aspects covered. I might as well exchange it for a Fish Scale Gu.


Fang Yuan suggested the trade.


“Fish Scale Gu?” Qing Shu frowned, then nodded. “Ah, you lack a defensive Gu worm. The Fish Scale Gu can be refined into the rank two Scale Armor Gu. It can provide good defense.”


The recipe to refine the Fish Scale Gu and Stealth Rock Gu together to create the Stealth Scales Gu would only be discovered two hundred years later, so it was natural that Qing Shu had no clue.


Fang Yuan did not expose anything. “The Black Boar Gu is more valuable than the Fish Scale Gu, so if we make the trade, you’ll have to make up for the difference in price.”


“Naturally.” Qing Shu nodded, then asked, “Nevermind about the Nine Leaf Vitality Grass, are you really not selling the Liquor Worm? It is useless to you already, raising it for nothing is just a waste of your primeval stones.”


Fang Yuan shook his head. “It is not for sale.”


Qing Shu rubbed his nose, laughing bitterly. “Fang Yuan, this matter is more complicated than you realize. Do you know Yao Le? She is the granddaughter of the Medicine Hall Elder, Yao Ji. She has begun attending the academy this year and has B grade aptitude. Yao Ji dotes on her granddaughter and once tried to buy a Liquor Worm from the caravan, but did not succeed.


“You’ve used the Liquor Worm before, I’m sure you know its benefits. I won’t say anymore, but Lord Yao Ji really wants this Gu worm for her granddaughter. She is serious about buying it and has offered a high price. She even promises that if you get injured in the wolf tide, you will get special attention from the Medicine Hall. I hope you consider it thoroughly.”


