Chapter 1238: Luck Path Master


“Mother, you mean to say, it has to be…” Feng Jin Huang frowned, in the process of her growth, there were few youngsters who could match her. Spirit Affinity House had more women than men, this made Feng Jin Huang look down on those males of her generation since a young age.


There was another important reason, that was, Feng Jin Huang’s father was too talented, it elevated her expectations, she could not see anything good in those boys around her.


Fairy Bai Qing nodded, asking teasingly: “That’s right Huang Er, among those youngsters you met, who are you interested in?”


Feng Jin Huang frowned, after thinking about it, she shook her head.


Fairy Bai Qing almost laughed out loud, her daughter’s puzzled look was extremely cute, she asked again: “Then let me change my question, which youngster left the deepest impression on you?”


At this moment, Feng Jin Huang was stunned.


Fang Yuan’s image uncontrollably appeared in her mind.


Fang Yuan was the one who dealt a pitiful defeat to her, Feng Jin Huang would never forget the scene on Dang Hun Mountain.


Furthermore, Fang Yuan had saved Feng Jiu Ge’s life before!


All of these events made Feng Jin Huang have extremely complex feelings towards Fang Yuan.


It was not pure hatred.




It was also not pure gratitude.


Fairy Bai Qing looked at Feng Jin Huang, who was in a daze, and her expression turned dark, she became flustered as she blamed herself: “Oh no! Why did I forget about Fang Yuan’s existence.”


Fairy Bai Qing quickly said: “Huang Er, don’t think about it!”


As a mother, Fairy Bai Qing was very worried. Even though Feng Jin Huang had grown a lot, she was still innocent regarding relationships, like a blank white sheet of paper.


“That Fang Yuan is an otherworldly demon, he used Spring Autumn Cicada to rebirth. His actual age is probably older than both myself and your father!” Fairy Bai Qing said in a solemn time.


“Most importantly, he is listed on the Demon Judgment Board, he is a vicious and evil demon, slaughtering countless and causing great harm to the world, he is very dangerous.”


“But he saved father.” Feng Jin Huang retorted.


Fairy Bai Qing said in a serious tone, looking deeply into Feng Jin Huang’s eyes: “You must remember this, gratitude and enmity cannot be mixed together, you need to draw the line. His gratitude of saving your father’s life was a coincidence, we will definitely repay him. But he is a demonic path member, he is vile and vicious, after repaying that debt, if we meet him again, we will exterminate him. Understood?”


Feng Jin Huang nodded: “Understood!”


Southern Border, Fang Yuan was inside the dream realm.




“Achoo! Achoo!” Fang Yuan sneezed twice.


He rubbed his nose as he said to the female Gu Master in front of him: “Again.”


The female Gu Master was at the counter in front of him, she took out three rocks: “Please.”


This was another dream realm.


The earlier water path dream realm was too hard at the end, Fang Yuan gave up. A few days later, the dream realm changed, and a suitable one appeared for Fang Yuan.


What made him happy was that successfully exploring this dream realm would raise his luck path attainment level!


Luck path Gu Immortals were very few in numbers.


Because even though Giant Sun Immortal Venerable created luck path, he did not spread it.


Thus, dream realms that contained luck path true meaning were rare. It was unlikely that Fang Yuan could encounter such a dream realm.


Fang Yuan looked at the three rocks, he knew that according to the rules, he would need to win three consecutive times, finding the most valuable item in these three rocks to get to the second scene.


Rock gambling.


“I succeeded twice already, if I fail now, my efforts would be in vain, I should use unravel dream.”


Fang Yuan activated the immortal killer move unravel dream.


After waiting for a while, nothing happened.


“What is going on?” While he was confused, the female Gu Master who attended to him looked at him amorously and whispered: “Little brother, choose the middle one, don’t worry, I won’t harm you.”


Saying this, she winked at Fang Yuan in a subtle manner, it had a teasing flavor.


Fang Yuan finally realized, this was unravel dream’s effect. He did not hesitate, he grabbed the middle one.


The three rocks were opened, none had any Gu worms, but with the quality of the rocks themselves, the middle one had the highest value.


The first scene faded, as he quickly entered the second scene.


Northern Plains.


Longevity Heaven.


Rank eight Immortal Gu House, Calamity Luck Altar.


Three floors of round altars with multiple pillars holding it up, white jade railings and shining aurora.


Eight Gu Immortals in Longevity Heaven were standing at the center of the nine corners of Calamity Luck Altar, doing their best to concentrate in controlling the operations of Calamity Luck Altar.


At the center of Calamity Luck Altar, Five Elements Grandmaster had a solemn expression, he was surrounded by three layers of rings in the five elements, but Calamity Luck Altar’s pressure was increasing, Five Elements Grandmaster had to use his true abilities to resist it.


Both parties were silent.


Because it was clear that both sides could not be moved with just words.


But at this moment, the entirety of Longevity Heaven resounded with bell chimes.


The Eight Extremities heard the bell chimes and shook, they were shocked and full of questions.


“This is the immortal killer move ringing alarm bell, why did it activate?”


“In the past, Ancestor Giant Sun set up this immortal killer move in Longevity Heaven, if we met with trouble, it would activate.”


“But Five Elements Grandmaster has already been trapped.”


The Eight Extremities were conversing, feeling lost.


The leader of the Eight Extremities, Heaven Extremity said: “No, even when Five Elements Grandmaster attacked, ringing alarm bell did not activate, right now, it is pointing to another danger.”


The others were flustered.


“This means that the following calamity is going to be more severe than Five Elements Grandmaster’s attack?”


“Right now, we have to use our full strength to suppress Five Elements Grandmaster using Calamity Luck Altar, we cannot divert our attention. How will we deal with it?”


“With Calamity Luck Altar here, heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities cannot do anything to us, it has to be a terrifying human calamity instead.”


The second-in-charge, Earth Extremity, looked at Heaven Extremity and said: “In this situation, we can only awaken the Four Desolation Immortals.”


Heaven Extremity had a solemn expression as he nodded.


Five Elements Grandmaster spoke with a smile: “Longevity Heaven can barely fend for itself, I am curious, what kind of disaster can make this ringing alarm bell activate.”


Heaven Extremity was about to speak when a voice could be heard near him: “These so called disasters are accompanied by fortune and good luck. They are luck path in essence, a type of uncertainty, as Gu Immortals, we have to turn these negative uncertainties into positive uncertainties. The concept of Calamity Luck Altar was derived from this.”


Heaven Extremity heard this voice and felt great joy and surprise.


Five Elements Grandmaster looked at this mysterious Gu Immortal who appeared, asking: “Which of the Four Desolation Immortals are you?”


“Greetings to Lord South Desolation.” The Eight Extremities respectfully greeted at once, giving the answer to Five Elements Grandmaster.


Longevity Heaven had twelve positions, separated into Eight Extremities and Four Desolations.


The Four Desolation Immortals were East Desolation, South Desolation, West Desolation, and North Desolation, four rank eight immortals respectively.


The Eight Extremities were: Heaven Extremity, Earth Extremity, Black Extremity, Yellow Extremity, Space Extremity, Time Extremity, Flood Extremity, Desolate Extremity, a total of eight rank seven Gu Immortals.


Of course, Longevity Heaven was Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s grotto-heaven, it had a huge space and abundant resources, other than these twelve, there were other Gu Immortals. But these twelve had the core authority of Longevity Heaven, they were elites among Gu Immortals.


South Desolation Immortal wore an azure-gold suit of armor, his beard extended to his chest, he was a muscular man with an old appearance, he said: “When the bell rang, I woke up. This sound has three long notes and two short notes, it is neither fast or slow, it means that love Gu has entered Northern Plains. Love Gu has the power to defy fate, in the past, even Ancestor was wary of it. To obtain love Gu, Ancestor made a bet with Heavenly Court, but he failed to refine it even after three years. He could only set up some supreme luck path methods in it, that would activate one day. Love Gu would come to Northern Plains due to luck, and this would be the best opportunity for us to snatch love Gu!”


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s immortal killer move was very amazing. His descendants could gain some information just by hearing the bells.


Even though the Eight Extremities knew of ringing alarm bell, they did not know its specific details, after hearing South Desolation Immortal’s words, they were excited.


It turned out that long ago, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had made his preparations.


Heaven Extremity said: “Us Eight Extremities will follow Lord South Desolation’s lead, we are willing to die for Longevity Heaven, and obtain love Immortal Gu!”


Southern Border.


“This is Bai Xiang grotto-heaven!” Hei Lou Lan stepped through the immortal aperture’s entrance, officially getting into Bai Xiang grotto-heaven.


Tai Bai Yun Sheng, Ying Wu Xie and Shi Nu followed behind.


“Hmm? Something’s not right.” Ying Wu Xie’s expression changed.


At the next moment, the surroundings changed, the Gu formation was activated, trapping the four immortals in a special space.


Bai Ning Bing’s figure slowly appeared.


Shi Nu was shocked and furious, he growled: “You are Bai Ning Bing? You dare to betray us!”


“Hmph, remnants of Shadow Sect, today will be the day you die!” Bai Ning Bing smiled coldly, a cruel light was shining in her pale blue dragon eyes.


Ying Wu Xie was greatly surprised, Bai Ning Bing had broken free of his control, this was out of his expectations.


He had a flash of inspiration: “So that’s it, you used the humans alike dragons Gu refinement method? This method had been lost long ago, Bai Xiang grotto-heaven actually had it?!”


“Honestly speaking, I need to thank you, now accept this present of gratitude from me.” Bai Ning Bing snickered, the image of the four immortals faded in front of her, before they vanished completely.


“Wait, we can still negotiate…” Ying Wu Xie had not finished his words when the Gu formation activated, large amounts of snow rained as countless ice spears shot up from the ground, the four immortals quickly defended themselves.


Remains of Yi Tian Mountain, inside the super Gu formation.


Fang Yuan opened his eyes, returning to reality.


His soul was extremely weak, but it was not a problem, he had enough guts Gu to use.


“Luck path master!” Fang Yuan inspected himself, his luck path attainment had risen to master level.


The luck path dream realm earlier was fully explored.


He had no remaining uses of unravel dream, but his gains were huge, his luck path attainment had jumped from ordinary to master attainment level.


He immediately felt a difference.


This feeling was mystical, it could not be described with words.


“If my luck path attainment is at grandmaster level, I might want to get the self luck true inheritance from Lang Ya land spirit, if I can use it well, my strength would rise greatly.”


“In my current case, I feel like I can already use unravel mystery Immortal Gu and dog shit luck Immortal Gu together, to greatly boost the effect of my immortal killer move qi luck sensation!”




