Chapter 124: I Don’t Need Your Understanding


“I see.” Fang Yuan rubbed his chin, then shook his head. “My Liquor Worm is not for sale. Since Yao Ji is so insistent, why isn’t she looking for the Gu Master who bought the Liquor Worm from the caravan?”


Qing Shu looked like a dark cloud was looming over him as he sighed deeply. “We don’t know which clansman has it. After it was sold, there have been absolutely no clues. And we cannot simply inspect apertures, right? That is a taboo, the biggest taboo among Gu Masters. It would cause a public outrage for what is ultimately a small matter. But it is understandable that this clansman is keeping a low profile, it’s human nature.”


Qing Shu did not know that the person who bought the Liquor Worm was sitting in front of him.


But Qing Shu never suspected Fang Yuan, since from his perspective, Fang Yuan had one already. He wouldn’t need to buy a second one, what would he do with it?


If he knew about the Four Flavors Liquor Worm’s recipe, he would definitely suspect Fang Yuan. But for now, the recipe was his secret to keep.


The only one who knew that Fang Yuan was the buyer was Jia Fu. But in Jia Fu’s eyes, Fang Yuan could be helping another person to buy it, such as a relative or a lover. Wasn’t Yao Ji the same, trying to buy one for her granddaughter?


“No matter what, the Liquor Worm is not for sale.” Fang Yuan’s attitude was firm as he smirked in his heart.


This was the system.


The system made one strong, but it was also a restraint.


Gu Yue Yao Ji was a rank three Gu Master. She was much stronger than Fang Yuan, but due to the system, she couldn’t just take the Liquor Worm from him. Due to the rules of the system and minding her own reputation, she could not force him to sell it either.


Fang Zheng, who had stood quietly to the side all this time, suddenly urged him. “Brother, the Liquor Worm is useless to you, why cling to it? Granny Yao Ji is very kind. I’ve met Sister Yao Le many times as well, and she is a good person. I am sure she will take good care of the Liquor Worm. And the Liquor Worm would be very helpful to her. Kindness begets kindness, Brother. You saved the village and I am happy for you. It brings honor to our family as well. But why are you being so stubborn now? Isn’t this too petty?”


Fang Yuan’s expression stiffened as he coldly said, “My good little brother, are you lecturing me? The Liquor Worm is my business. Even if it rots in my hands, you have no right to dictate what I do.”


He was not really angry, but attitude was the mask of the heart. By expressing his attitude, it would allow Qing Shu to see his determination.


It seems Fang Yuan won’t bend on this. Bringing Fang Zheng here was a bad move, these brothers have a poor relationship and are always at odds. I’ve shot myself in the foot.


Fang Zheng wanted to say more, but Qing Shu stopped him. “Fang Zheng, go and take a walk.”


Fang Zheng gritted his teeth, but still obeyed Qing Shu’s command.


“Either way, I cannot understand you in this matter, Big Brother.” He opened the door, muttering as he began to leave.


“What I do does not require your understanding, Fang Zheng.” Fang Yuan was expressionless.


Fang Zheng paused for a moment, but he quickly walked out of the room without turning around, slamming the door behind him.


The room’s atmosphere became even more awkward.


“If there is nothing else, you can take your leave, Brother Qing Shu.”


“Hehehe,” Qing Shu laughed dryly, trying to alleviate the tension, but Fang Yuan’s face was cold as ice and showed no signs of change.


But his temper was mild, and he did not get frustrated.


Qing Shu rubbed his nose and laughed awkwardly. “There is another matter, regarding the Nine Leaf Vitality Grass.”


“It is not for sale.” Fang Yuan rolled his eyes.


“I know, I know,” Qing Shu nodded. “This is my team’s personal business. I hope you can give us first priority in buying your Vitality Leaves. Of course, we will compensate you appropriately.”


Seeing business approaching, Fang Yuan naturally did not reject him. “Then, sixty-five primeval stones per leaf.”


Qing Shu was tongue-tied.


The typical price of Vitality Leaves was fifty-five primeval stones. Although they were consumed after one use, nobody would mind more of something that could save lives.


With the wolf tide nearing, even the clan had raised their prices. They were currently selling them for sixty primeval stones each. Actually, it was not just Vitality Leaves; everything was getting more expensive. The situation, and thus the market, was volatile, and Gu Masters had to deal with it.


But Qing Shu did not expect Fang Yuan’s price to be even higher than the clan’s.


“Too expensive? You don’t have to buy them. But as far as I know, once the wolf tide begins, the clan will tightly control resources, and there will be more demand for Vitality Leaves than supply. The prices will soar even further, and there might not even be any in stock. What do you think?” Fang Yuan’s tone was calm as he explained his reasoning.


Qing Shu was stunned, his tone helpless. “You sure do see things clearly. But your prices are slightly overbearing. Aren’t you afraid of offending people? If you reduce them, you can use the opportunity to build relationships. But if you raise prices like this, the clansmen will develop grudges against you for earning profits this way.”


Fang Yuan raised his head and laughed. “The wolf tide is near, and I am but a small fry, I can die any day. How can I bother with such trivialities?”


“You haven’t been a small fry for a long time, and human relationships are not trivial, either.” Qing Shu stared at Fang Yuan deeply, then lightly shook his head. “But everyone has their own thoughts and choices, I will not force you. However, do be more careful. Lady Yao Ji will not let go so easily…goodbye.”


Qing Shu no longer mentioned buying Vitality Leaves. Fang Yuan’s prices had scared him off.


He was a smart person, and when a smart person bought something, they did not act on impulse. A smart person would set a price in their heart, and once something cost more than that, they would calmly pull out.


Fang Yuan seemed to have only increased the price by five primeval stones, but Qing Shu was not just buying one Vitality Leaf, and the wolf tide would be going on for at least a year. He would be expending a lot of Vitality Leaves. Over such a long period of time, it would be a heavy cost.


“Thank you for your advice. Take care, I shall not send you off,” Fang Yuan said, watching Qing Shu leave. He knew that Qing Shu would definitely be back.


Because he had underestimated the wolf tide’s severity.


Under such a wolf tide, anyone could die at any time, and there would be no lack of customers. In his memory, the price of Vitality Leaves skyrocketed to over a hundred primeval stones!


Of course, this price was when the wolf tide was at its strongest. Right now, what Fang Yuan wanted to do was to adapt to the current situation and gradually raise his prices.


•••


As time flowed, the winter wind grew more cold and harsh.


This year’s winds were evidently colder than previous years for Qing Mao Mountain’s three villages.


Take Gu Yue Village for example.


More and more crippled wolves appeared near the village.


The clan sent out countless missions, and almost all of them were about exterminating the crippled wolves.


During December, when their activity reached its peak, this caused the situation to worsen quickly. It became so dire that a hamlet at the foot of the mountain was slaughtered by a large group of wolves.


Fortunately, the dozen Gu Masters stationed nearby managed to retreat in time. The elders breathed a sigh of relief. They would lament the death of a Gu Master for half a day, but the mortals were merely slaves, so be it if they died.


In this world, there were no human rights.


A Gu Master’s life was more valuable than a hundred mortals. Everyone agreed.


However, there were still casualties. Sounds of mourning echoed in the village from dawn to dusk.


The air was filled with a sense of grief and depression.


The crippled wolves were only the prelude; the true outbreak would be even more horrifying.


More and more people started to realize that the wolf tide this year would be exceptional.


Under such pressure, the negotiations that had stagnated finally reached a conclusion, and the three-clan alliance was formed.


•••


A month later, at the end of winter.


Alliance Slope, at the three-clan alliance meeting.


Little snowflakes drifted down like soft white fur.


Thousands of Gu Masters had gathered.


Alliance Slope was originally an ordinary mountain slope, but the first three-clan alliance had been forged here by the Gu Yue Clan’s second-generation clan head. From that day, all future alliance gatherings were held here.


After many years of renovations, the current Alliance Slope had expanded from its humble beginnings and become a massive town square.


Next to the square was a massive boulder that had been carved into a raised pavilion, complete with stone furniture. The three clans’ elders were sitting inside, deep in discussion.


Below the stone pavilion, the three clans’ Gu Masters stood in three large groups.


They all wore similar uniforms, and thanks to their belts, their respective cultivation levels were readily apparent. Fang Yuan was among them, secretly observing.


The Gu Masters below the stage were all rank two Gu Masters. Most rank one Gu Masters were allocated to support, and the rank two Gu Masters were the true mobile troops. As for rank three Gu Masters, they were clan elders. For a middling family like the Gu Yue Clan, even after many generations they only had around twenty elders.


Fang Yuan was not the only person observing. Countless gazes swept the scene, filled with hatred, curiosity, and alertness.


The Gu Yue Clan’s Gu Masters were on the skinny side. The Xiong Clan’s Gu Masters were strong and robust, their specialization easily seen. The Bai Clan’s Gu Masters, maybe due to living by the waterfall behind the mountain, had pale skin and a yin aura[1] about them.


“That long-haired guy is Gu Yue Qing Shu, rank two peak stage, and is the Gu Yue Clan’s number one rank two Gu Master,” someone pointed out.


Mo Yan! Hmph, that bitch caused me to lose an arm. After the wolf tide, I will get my revenge!!


“Woah, that girl riding on the giant bear should be Xiong Jiao Man. Don’t be deceived by her cute appearance, she goes berserk when fighting.”


“Do you see that fat white girl? She’s Bai Zhong Shui, a rank two upper stage fighter who has the Water Boar Gu. She’s very promiscuous and lustful. You newbies be careful, don’t get fucked by her.”


The three clans’ grudges had grown deep over many years.


The sounds of discussion on the slope became louder and louder, turning into an uproar. Many Gu Master seniors were pointing, introducing their juniors to the strong people from the other two clans and reminding them to be wary.


* * *


[1]. Yin (阴) – from yin-yang (阴阳), a concept in Chinese philosophy and cosmology. Yin encompasses concepts like femaleness, negativity, darkness, earth, and water, while yang encompasses concepts like maleness, positivity, light, and heaven.


