Chapter 1242: Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace


Above the vast sea of clouds, a person was standing still, looking at the clouds move as he remained silent.


This person wore an azure-gold suit of armor, his beard extended to his chest, he was a muscular man with an old appearance, it was South Desolation Immortal.


“I, Yao Huang, pay respects to Lord South Desolation!” A figure emerged, it was Yao tribe’s first supreme elder, rank eight Gu Immortal Yao Huang.


South Desolation Immortal turned around and said while smiling: “We are both rank eights, just treat me as a friend, no need to be so polite.”


Yao Huang bowed reverently: “In terms of cultivation level, Lord South Desolation, you are far beyond me. In terms of seniority, I am a descendant of countless generations below you, how can I be so rude?”


South Desolation Immortal nodded, sighing: “You are good, but it is a pity that our Huang Jin bloodline is dwindling. In this huge Northern Plains, outside of Longevity Heaven, you are the sole rank eight Gu Immortal that belongs to a Huang Jin tribe!”


Prince Feng Xian was a member of Gong tribe, but from South Desolation Immortal’s perspective, he was an outsider in terms of bloodline.


“Back in my generation, there were four rank eights in the Huang Jin tribes, one of them was known as the Tiger God, he had incredible might, he was thought highly of by the people and was a potential seed to ascend to rank nine. Unfortunately, he died in black heaven. Time is merciless, the Huang Jin bloodline is declining every generation.”


South Desolation Immortal showed deep disappointment in his eyes.


Yao Huang could not speak.


Yao Huang was not qualified to speak such criticism of the Huang Jin bloodline, only South Desolation Immortal had the right to comment on it.




And he was expressing a fact as well.


Yao Huang had nothing to retort.


It was like this, Northern Plains’ Huang Jin tribes were degrading, they were lacking talents, in contrast, lone and demonic cultivators were rising up with large numbers of geniuses, like Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, Chu Du, and that Liu Guan Yi as well.


“However, Ancestor Giant Sun had anticipated this situation.” South Desolation Immortal suddenly said, causing Yao Huang to feel great shock.


“Oh? Ancestor Giant Sun lived in the Medieval Antiquity Era, he could predict this future situation?”


“Even though our ancestor cultivated luck path, his wisdom path capabilities were not low at all. Furthermore, ‘luck’ is uncertainty in essence, ancestor created luck path, he naturally learned the true meaning of change in this world. After he created Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, he proclaimed that this building was bound to fall one day, when it did, a great era would begin, it was a sign of changing times.” South Desolation Immortal added.


Yao Huang was shocked: “Is that so?”


What was a great era?


It was a great era if an Immortal Venerable or Demon Venerable could come into existence.


South Desolation Immortal sighed deeply: “Ancestor Giant Sun spent a lot of effort and set up many arrangements to help his descendants and preserve strength. He wanted to ensure that they would be part of the wave in this great era’s storms and tides. In the worst case, he wanted to ensure that his bloodline would be passed down intact.”




Yao Huang hesitated: “No matter how weak our Huang Jin bloodline becomes, we must be able to defend ourselves, at least? Northern Plains is still under our control, and even if we are useless, there is still Longevity Heaven.”


South Desolation Immortal shook his head: “Longevity Heaven might be strong, but it is just the immortal aperture of our ancestor. Meanwhile, Heavenly Court has the immortal apertures of three Immortal Venerables, and all of the members of Heavenly Court have contributed their own grotto-heavens throughout history. How can Longevity Heaven’s foundation compare to Heavenly Court? Like right now, Central Continent came to invade us, they sent three rank eight Gu Immortals and three Immortal Gu Houses. Does our Huang Jin bloodline possess such strength?”


Yao Huang was tongue-tied: “What? Central Continent invaded?!”


South Desolation Immortal did not explain, he said: “Follow me.”


Saying this, he flew to the sky.


Yao Huang quickly followed after him.


The two immortals flew through the heavenly wind qi wall, getting into black heaven.


Under South Desolation Immortal’s lead, Yao Huang headed towards the southeast direction.


After flying for a while, Yao Huang was shaken: “Black heaven is such a dangerous place, even though I explore it often for rank eight immortal materials, I have never had such a smooth journey without any obstacles before. Don’t tell me Lord South Desolation has a map of black heaven?”


But the truth was, maps did not work in the immemorial nine heavens.


The clouds that were in the nine heavens were constantly changing. Some were in specific locations, but those were rare and few.


The Central Continent group had a relatively smooth trip, but they still encountered trouble like the astral wind flying heavenly boar group, the dark venomous snake group and other problems. South Desolation Immortal and Yao Huang met with absolutely no issues, they were safe and sound, as if they were strolling in their own garden.


“Alright, this is the place.” South Desolation Immortal stopped flying.


Yao Huang also slowed down, stopping beside him.


He felt a little strange, this place was empty, without a trace of wind, why was South Desolation Immortal stopping here?


At the next moment, South Desolation Immortal answered him with an action.


His body shined with golden light, like a fragment of the sun, Yao Huang had to close his eyes in response.


Yao Huang’s heart jumped.


Black heaven was dark and eerie, this action of creating strong light would attract the attack of countless fierce beasts.


Even though he became alert, no beast groups came attacking.


“Is this really black heaven?” Yao Huang wondered.


A moment later, South Desolation Immortal’s immortal killer move was completed, a grand dark gold palace appeared out of nowhere, revealing its majestic appearance.


Yao Huang had never expected an Immortal Gu House to be hidden here.


But he quickly realized what this palace was, he became extremely agitated as he called out: “This is Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace?”


Calamity Luck Altar, Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace, these were the three Immortal Gu Houses that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable owned during his life.


Eighty-Eight True Yang Building was placed in Imperial Court blessed land by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, Calamity Luck Altar was kept in Longevity Heaven, while this Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace was placed in black heaven, hidden for countless years!


“Ancestor Giant Sun placed Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace here, there clearly are deep intentions. But what was he planning?”


Yao Huang continued to guess as South Desolation Immortal turned around to look at him: “Follow me.”


Yao Huang followed South Desolation Immortal, entering Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace.


“Both of you have arrived.” Inside the hall, there was one person.


He sat on a cushion, he was not formed from will, he opened his eyes as lightning flashed in his eyes, golden radiance shone brightly.


Yao Huang saw this and shuddered, huge waves were churning in his heart: “Ancestor, Ancestor Giant Sun?!”


…


Howl!


The wolf group called out, chasing after the three Immortal Gu Houses.


These wolves had long and slim bodies, they had black eyes, claws, and fangs, they were emitting cold glints of light. Most amazingly, they had no fur on their bodies, they had black and shiny leather armor that were very tough.


This was a night heavenly wolf group. The size was huge, there were over ten thousand night heavenly wolves.


Each night heavenly wolf was a desolate beast, wolf kings were ancient desolate beasts, there was even a wolf emperor, it had rank eight battle strength!


“We can’t escape, we are surrounded.”


“To think that the wolf emperor has a wild rank eight Immortal Gu that can conceal traces!”


“A wolf group of this scale is not seen often in black heaven, we actually met one.”


The three rank eight Gu Immortals conversed rapidly.


Wei Ling Yang shouted: “Charge towards the northwest!”


Edge Link Camp opened a path in front, its aura rose as immortal essence was expended rapidly, forming a huge charging horn.


Wherever the giant horn went, it pierced into the wolf formation, creating a huge hole as several hundred desolate beast night heavenly wolves died.


The Immortal Gu House charged into the wolf group, as Canary Pavilion and Wind Sweeping Building followed close after it.


The huge battle was dangerous and terrifying.


The wolf emperor attacked during the battle, its huge hill-like claws sent the Immortal Gu Houses flying.


Thankfully, each of the Immortal Gu Houses had a rank eight Gu Immortal inside, the three Immortal Gu Houses could display their might and kill countless wolves.


The wolf group’s encirclement tactic was at an incredibly profound level, even though the three Immortal Gu Houses charged ahead, they could not break out.


Eventually, the wolf emperor howled and retreated with the other wolves, causing this bloodbath to end.


The wolf group had sustained losses that were too huge, the wolf emperor did not want to weaken it any further, thus it left.


The three Immortal Gu Houses were extremely damaged, a great number of Gu worms were destroyed, including three Immortal Gu. The three rank eight Gu Immortals also worked up a sweat, they were in difficult conditions.


Their immortal essence expenditure was immense.


“Why is it that the closer we get to Northern Plains, the harder it becomes?”


“We have already encountered five night heavenly wolf groups, we also met dragon crocodiles, ghost spirit foxes… it seems like countless beast groups are trying to kill us.”


“Forget about these beast groups, the most important thing is that we cannot encounter any black-white overturning clouds anymore. That time, this Wind Sweeping Building almost failed to come back.”


“Let’s rest first and fix the Immortal Gu Houses.” Wei Ling Yang said.


The three Immortal Gu Houses had just stopped, when countless lights illuminated an enormous surrounding range.


It resembled the blooming of countless flowers, the sparks were light red and looked like countless overlapping petals of flowers, but inside the flames, there were dark spots.


“Oh no, this is a special phenomenon of black heaven — black lanterns, blind fire nurtures inside them, do not look at them!” Bi Chen Tian shouted as he shut his eyes.


But it was too late, many Gu Immortals only took one look before they lost their sight.


Inside the three Immortal Gu Houses, screaming and shouting could be heard, it was chaotic.


Zhao Lian Yun was quite lucky, she was facing the interior of the Gu House as she spoke to Yu Yi Ye Zi.


Yu Yi Ye Zi looked at the blind fire from the black lanterns, feeling his vision weakening rapidly as it turned blurry, he quickly shut his eyes.


He was very knowledgeable, but many Gu Immortals were not.


Some were leaning on the windows as they looked around, they saw at least ten thousand blind fires, their vision turned completely dark, losing the ability to see anything.


The three Immortal Gu Houses quickly escaped hurriedly.


Black lanterns did not cause any physical damage, unlike wind or rain, the Immortal Gu Houses charged through them as they quickly left the black lanterns behind.


The three rank eight Gu Immortals counted, at least three people permanently lost their sight without any ways to recover. Seven had severely weakened vision, it greatly affected their battle strength, but it could be salvaged at a high price, some healing Immortal Gu were needed to be sent through treasure yellow heaven.


“We just left the wolf group and wanted to rest, when we encountered black lanterns, while at the center of them! This is too unlucky.”


“Wait, what is that?”


A swarm of ants were approaching.


Each ant was a Gu worm.


Nether ant Gu!


“Nether ants open a path, there has to be a soul beast army of hundreds of thousands or even millions. Run, quickly run!”


The three Immortal Gu Houses had just stopped when they were forced to flee again.




