Chapter 125: I Admit Defeat


The Gu Yue Clan, the traditional overlords; the Bai Clan, the rising stars; the Xiong Clan, who shouldn’t be underestimated… Fang Yuan scanned the crowd of people, observing the entire situation.

The Gu Yue Clan had its outstanding rank two Gu Masters, but so did the other two clans.

Together with the clan heads and elders in the stone pavilion, Alliance Slope could be said to be filled with elites.

“I wonder which one is Bai Ning Bing? The man who symbolizes the Bai Clan’s rise!”

“Bai Ning Bing is already rank three, he is definitely not among the rank two Gu Masters.”

“It seems he isn’t in the pavilion either.”

Gradually, the discussions turned to Bai Ning Bing.

Although he did not appear, his brilliance had already suppressed all the Gu Masters below the pavilion.

“I remember that three years ago on Alliance Slope, it was Bai Ning Bing who was the first to step out and make a challenge. In just three years, he’s become a rank three clan elder. Thinking about it makes me shudder.”

“He rose to heaven in one step. When he was rank two, he defeated an elder of the Xiong Clan. He has a bright future ahead.”

“The point is that right now he’s already grown so strong. At this rate, he could become a rank four expert, or even rank five. As for rank six…”

“Rank five is mortal, while rank six is immortal. Rank five is already amazing. Rank six? Hmph, you are all overestimating him…”

“That might not be, who can predict the future?”

•••

Amid such discussions, the three clan heads in the stone pavilion stood up, staring down at the thousands of Gu Masters.

The Gu Yue clan head was in the center, with the Bai clan head and the Xiong clan head at his left and right respectively.

The crowd gradually quieted down.

Gu Yue Bo held the railing, his eyes sweeping across the crowd, before saying, “The three-clan alliance has come to an agreement. As for the Gu battle tournament, in the spirit of competition, competitors shall stop before any fatalities occur. You may begin.”

Alliance Slope was dead silent. The crowd looked at each other.

The three-clan alliance would always hold a Gu battle tournament. Not only did it allow the clans to demonstrate their strength, it also promoted conversation and temporarily alleviated their grudges. It was all for the sake of building a certain level of cohesion, so that they could work together for the duration of the alliance.

But who would issue the first challenge?

If the first Gu Master to issue a challenge lost, it would be a hit to their own reputation, as well as their clan’s.

Last time, it was Bai Ning Bing. But this time…

The crowd continued to hesitate. Suddenly, a group of Xiong Clan Gu Masters stepped forth. It was Xiong Li’s team.

At once, countless eyes were on them.

The group walked past the Gu Yue Clan’s area, and under everyone’s watchful eyes, they stood before the Bai Clan Gu Masters.

“It’s Xiong Li.”

“Qing Mao Mountain’s strongest man?”

“That’s right. It seems that not too long ago, the Gu Yue Clan’s Chi Shan lost to him in a public challenge. His title is immovable, not even Bai Ning Bing can take it away.”

“Damn it, they’re ignoring the Gu Yue Clan, are they trying to bully our Bai Clan?”

There was a mild disturbance among the Bai Clan Gu Masters. Many people knew Xiong Li’s strength, and felt a sense of pressure.

But Xiong Li merely looked around and did not move; instead, Xiong Jiang, who was behind him, stepped forward.

He was thin and wiry, standing out amongst the Xiong Clan’s many burly men.

He faced the Bai Clan’s Gu Masters and cupped his fist. “Xiong Jiang of the Xiong Clan challenges Brother Bai Bing Yi.”

Gasps of astonishment could be heard among the crowd.

Bai Bing Yi’s status was similar to Chi Shan and Xiong Li. Among the Bai Clan’s young Gu Masters, he was only inferior to Bai Ning Bing. For Xiong Jiang to challenge him, he was evidently trying to overcome a stronger foe.

But could he?

Bai Bing Yi stood up with a grim face. He was small and his face was pale; he was like a patient who had just recovered from a serious illness, giving off a feeling of being weak and sickly. But no one dared to underestimate him.

“You dare to challenge me? You have some courage. How do you want to compete? Say it, I’ll accept it,” he said to Xiong Jiang.

Xiong Jiang laughed darkly. “I specialize in defense, and you specialize in attack. How about this, I defend and you attack. I’ll give you three opportunities to attack, and we’ll compare the results.”

This was not a life and death match, it was only sparring.

But for Xiong Jiang to have such confidence, he was obviously prepared. Many people began to mutter among themselves.

Bai Bing Yi raised his eyebrows. “Xiong Jiang, no matter what Gu worms you have, you are still a rank two Gu Master. Do you really think you can block my Water Drill Gu? If I injure you, don’t complain.”

Xiong Jiang snickered. “We won’t know unless we try, right? Come.”

He then activated a Gu and his body changed. His skin became a deep, withered green, like a block of dead wood.

At the same time, his teeth turned sharp and long, with four fangs jutting out of his lips.

His eyes also turned a sickly green.

He was using the rank two Roaming Zombie Gu.

Once activated, its user would become a zombie[1].

Compared to living people, zombies were better at resisting physical damage as well as water, wind, and poison, and had potent regenerative powers, but they feared fire, lightning, and light. Their powers were also affected by their environment: they weakened under the light of the sun.

“Even so, I am not afraid.” Bai Bing Yi laughed coldly, raising his right arm.

As everyone watched, he gathered his right hand’s fingers together into a point.

Droplets of water sprang out of the meeting point of his five fingers, and in the blink of an eye, they expanded into a swift current, spiraling outward and coiling around his hand.

In two breath’s time, Bai Bing Yi’s hand was surrounded by a spinning blue spiral drill.

Rank two Water Drill Gu!

Able to drill through stone and steel and possessing incredible attack power, there were barely any rank two Gu worms that could defend against it.

“Receive my blow,” Bai Bing Yi coughed, thrusting his hand forward.

Xiong Jiang crossed his arms before his chest to receive the attack.

The drill hit his arms, and water splattered all around. The two were at a deadlock for a few breaths, when suddenly the water drill’s rotation intensified, and Xiong Jiang flew backward a few meters.

He fell to the ground, but quickly did a kick-up[2] and returned to a standing position.

The muscles on both his arms had been torn by the water drill, and his pale white bones could be seen.

The Bai Clan’s Gu Masters cheered, but a few of them frowned.

“Hehehe…” Xiong Jiang laughed slyly, not minding his injury. As a zombie, his sense of pain had vanished.

Bai Bing Yi remained where he was, but suddenly his pale face changed, and he vomited blood.

The cheers from the Bai Clan immediately died.

“What happened?!” someone exclaimed.

“It’s the Shadow Bond Gu!” Bai Bing Yi stared at the ground. Xiong Jiang’s shadow had twisted and deformed, connecting the two of them together.

“It seems I win, Brother Bai. With this Shadow Bond Gu, you will take ten percent of the damage that I do. I specialize in defense, but you are a pure attacker and you have poor health, so even ten percent is deadly to you.”

Bai Bing Yi wiped the blood traces off his lips and stared deeply at Xiong Jiang for a while. At last, he said, “Good. Very good. You planned well with such great tactics. I lost.”

He chose to admit defeat.

“Too unscrupulous.”

“Absolutely cunning and shameless!”

“To think he had a Shadow Bond Gu, Senior Bai Bing Yi was completely outplayed.”

The Bai Clan Gu Masters exploded into a series of discussions.

Xiong Jiang cupped his fist. “I’m flattered. If we really fought, the final winner would still be you, Brother Bai. The Shadow Bond Gu’s range is limited, and it can only bully close-range Gu Masters. I hope you will take good care of me in this upcoming wolf tide!”

“Of course.” Bai Bing Yi’s expression softened a little and he nodded.

Bai Clan’s Gu Masters also started to quiet down.

The clan’s elders, who had been observing from the pavilion, nodded discreetly at the scene.

The Gu fighting competition was only for sparring. Xiong Jiang exposing a trump card also increased the trust and understanding between the clans.

Both Xiong Jiang and Bai Bing Yi had appropriate attitudes.

In the end, the Bai Clan’s Gu Masters, even if they did not admit it, felt some admiration towards Xiong Jiang.

After all, the strong were respected.

“Xiong Li’s group had a good start,” Gu Yue Bo praised.

“Hehehe.” The Xiong clan head beside him laughed lightly. Xiong Jiang had brought him honor.

The Bai clan head on his other side grimaced.

But Xiong Li’s group didn’t quit while they were ahead. The five left the Bai Clan’s area and approached the Gu Yue Clan.

“After challenging the Bai Clan, they are challenging the Gu Yue Clan now?”

“Oh no, Xiong Li himself is stepping up now!”

The Gu Yue clansmen were slightly nervous. Their eyes turned toward Chi Shan, Mo Yan, and Qing Shu.

But few of them expected Xiong Li to shout loudly, “Fang Yuan, stand up! I heard you chased away the River-Swallowing Toad alone! Why don’t we have a contest of strength?”

Instantly, the crowd exploded.

Xiong Li had stepped forward, but rather than challenging an elite Gu Master, he chose a newbie junior.

“Fang Yuan, who is Fang Yuan?” Some of the other village’s Gu Masters had never heard the name before.

“Chasing away the River-Swallowing Toad alone? Oh my god, that’s a rank five Gu, is he so absurd?” Some showed expressions of shock and curiosity.

The Gu Yue Clan’s Gu Masters took the initiative and stepped to either side, revealing Fang Yuan among them.

Without anything hindering their vision, Xiong Li and Fang Yuan stared at each other.

Xiong Li’s lips curled into a smile. With very manly elegance, he said, “I hope you will generously instruct me.”

“Who is this Fang Yuan? It’s not like he’s some kind of monster, anyway.”

“Chasing away the River-Swallowing Toad was by coincidence and luck. He’s in big trouble now.”

Fang Yuan, you can’t avoid it anymore. In that case, just hope for the best and battle him! Chi Shan sighed in his heart.

“Oh, is that so…” Fang Yuan shrugged calmly. “Then I admit defeat.”

At his words, the crowd was dumbfounded.

* * *

[1]. Zombie (僵尸 – jiangshi) – Jiangshi are pretty different from western zombies. Functionally, they’re more like vampires, but they either eat their victims or suck qi/life force out of them (possibly, but not necessarily, by sucking blood). Weaker ones usually move by hopping, but stronger ones can run or even fly.

[2]. The martial arts move where you spring from your back to your feet.

