Chapter 1252: Fate Reversing Sacrificial Refinement Formation


“This formation is called fate reversing sacrificial refinement formation. It was set up by Sun Ming Lu, using over ten Immortal Gu, the crucial point is it irrigates the water of Reverse Flow River, thus it has extremely astonishing power!”


Zhao Lian Yun explained in a heavy voice.


Love Immortal Gu had activated of its own accord, using up large amounts of immortal essence in Zhao Lian Yun’s immortal aperture, it had all sorts of effects, and this time, it had let Zhao Lian Yun directly obtain the origins and history of the fate reversing sacrificial refinement formation.


“Reverse Flow River? That legendary Reverse Flow River?” Yu Yi Ye Zi’s eyes opened wide.


“Right, it is the Reverse Flow River recorded in <<The Legends of Ren Zu>>.” Zhao Lian Yun nodded.


<<The Legends of Ren Zu>> stated, Dang Hun Mountain, Luo Po Valley and Reverse Flow River were the three obstacles inside the door of life and death. Back then, to save his eldest son, Verdant Great Sun, Ren Zu had traveled to Obsession Death Domain but had failed. Ren Zu could only pass through the three obstacles, to revive once again.


In the end, Ren Zu had passed Dang Hun Mountain and Luo Po Valley, but had failed in Reverse Flow River.


“Reverse Flow River is a secluded domain of heaven and earth, who could have thought it was in Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s hands.” Bu Zhen Zi sighed.


Mu Ling Lan spoke: “Supposedly, in the past, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable had relied on ghostly concealment to enter the door of life and death, and moved Dang Hun Mountain and Luo Po Valley out, but was unable to take Reverse Flow River. I never expected Reverse Flow River to be taken by someone as well.”


Mu Ling Lan was a supreme elder of Spirit Butterfly Valley, this ancient sect was most skilled in information gathering, so Mu Ling Lan knew many secrets.


This group of immortals soon accepted this fact.




Since Dang Hun Mountain and Luo Po Valley could be taken away, it was not that strange for Reverse Flow River to appear as well.


“The main thing now is how to break this fate reversing sacrificial refinement formation.” Bu Zhen Zi emphasized.


But Zhao Lian Yun shook her head: “It is almost impossible to break this formation. Even a rank eight Gu Immortal will be trapped and not be able to extricate themselves. Although there are no rank eight Immortal Gu used in this super Gu formation, this super Gu formation perfectly utilizes Reverse Flow River, which allows it to display endless might.”


Zhao Lian Yun explained slowly while the other four immortals listened speechlessly, no longer having the intention to break the formation.


This super Gu formation has completely remodeled Snowy Mountain blessed land, using the fifteen snowy peaks as the formation cores to form a solid defense.


If a Gu Immortal charges into the formation, they would be forcibly sent to different snowy peaks depending on their cultivation.


If it was a rank seven Gu Immortal, they would be sent to the snowy peaks with rank seven Gu Immortals to fight.


If it was a rank eight Gu Immortal, they would be sent to Old Ancestor Xue Hu.


Hair Mistress’ words had some truth and some lies, and were not completely nonsense.


The fate reversing sacrificial refinement formation could indeed amplify the strength of the Gu Immortal in the formation cores. It could let rank six Gu Immortals have rank seven might, and while it could not let rank seven Gu Immortals have rank eight strength, there would still be a tremendous boost.




Moreover, this fate reversing sacrificial refinement formation also imitated Regret Pool, having some mysterious abilities of time path.


The truly wicked thing was any Gu Immortals that died within the formation would be considered as sacrificing their life to this formation, helping Lady Wan Shou, who was in the center of the formation, refine Ma Hong Yun.


“No wonder when we killed Hair Mistress, her body and immortal aperture turned into ashes and disappeared.”


“Although her soul escaped, her soul must have already dispersed completely due to this formation.”


“Who could have thought Sun Ming Lu could actually construct such a level of super Gu formation? Such a powerful formation, even the ten great ancient sects might not be able to match it.”


“Sun Ming Lu is Northern Plains’ publicly recognized number one formation path grandmaster. According to rumors, he has an unyielding nature and highly values ties of friendship. He did not associate himself with the demonic path. Earlier, Old Ancestor Xue Hu had put down his pride and invited him repeatedly, but Sun Ming Lu did not yield to such an expert. In the end, he was touched by Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s love for Lady Wan Shou, and helped Lady Wan Shou construct a refinement path Gu formation. But from the looks of it now, creating such a wicked refinement path Gu formation, this Sun Ming Lu is not a good person.”


The Central Continent Gu Immortals discussed.


“That means, if we go out of this snowy peak, we will be forcefully separated and have to fend for ourselves?” Bu Zhen Zi asked.


Zhao Lian Yun nodded: “It should be the case. We appeared here because of love Immortal Gu’s strength.”


Love Gu was a rank nine Immortal Gu, its might surpassed the whole super Gu formation, so it could make the five Gu Immortals appear at the ninth snowy peak together.


However, right now, love Gu did not activate, this group of five would be separated by the Gu formation once they stepped out of the range of this snowy peak.


Bu Zhen Zi frowned deeply. This was extremely bad news.


He was given the task to escort Zhao Lian Yun, to protect Zhao Lian Yun as well as love Gu. But now, this super Gu formation would separate them, and there was nothing he could do.


“How about this, Fairy Lian Yun, enter my immortal aperture. I don’t believe this super Gu formation can influence my immortal aperture?” Bu Zhen Zi hesitated before making up his mind.


The immortal aperture of a Gu Immortal was their greatest secret, and normally they would not let others enter.


However, Bu Zhen Zi knew the significance of this matter and decided to make a sacrifice, letting Zhao Lian Yun in.


They could only do this.


Because Zhao Lian Yun did not have a true immortal aperture, hers was a phantom aperture. Heavenly Court’s phantom aperture had advantages as well as disadvantages. A disadvantage was that it could only store immortal essence, Gu worms and will, but could not be managed and developed like normal immortal apertures. It also had to be replenished at set intervals of time and could not last forever. An advantage was that it could store Immortal Gu of any rank, just like Zhao Lian Yun currently could store love Gu, and not have to worry about this rank nine Immortal Gu bursting the immortal aperture.


However, after attempting it, Central Continent’s Gu Immortals found that they could not even open the entrance to their immortal apertures.


Clearly, Sun Ming Lu had considered this issue when he constructed this super Gu formation. This flaw was not in the Gu formation.


The Gu Immortals fell into an awkward situation.


They had gotten rid of Hair Mistress, but they themselves were trapped here.


But there was good news, they did not need to worry about any reinforcements or the rank eight Old Ancestor Xue Hu making a move against them.


Because in this super Gu formation, each snowy peak lord guarded one peak, and could not leave it. Any rank eight Gu Immortals whom invaded Snowy Mountain blessed land could not fight rank six or rank seven snowy peak lords, and could only fight Old Ancestor Xue Hu.


This rule restricted Old Ancestor Xue Hu as well.


Old Ancestor Xue Hu could not make things difficult for rank six and rank seven invaders.


The reason for this rule came from Reverse Flow River.


Humans aspired to move up the social ladder, while water flowed downwards due to gravity.


These were rules of the world.


With rank eight as the high point, and rank seven and rank six as the low, the higher ranked Gu Immortals could only look for those of similar level or fight with stronger Gu Immortals.


In the whole Gu formation, the first snowy peak was the highest point, the invaders must move on to other peaks and could not leave.


This was the might of Reverse Flow River.


<<The Legends of Ren Zu>> recorded that even Ren Zu was not able to successfully emerge from the river.


But this Reverse Flow River was, after all, only a secluded domain of heaven and earth. Sun Ming Lu used the plentiful dao marks in this secluded domain to create the fate reversing sacrificial refinement formation.


And as the main parts of the formation, Old Ancestor Xue Hu and the snowy peak lords were also unable to go against this rule.


If it was not Reverse Flow River, and was one or more other Immortal Gu, the Gu Immortals could control the formation by themselves and create an environment favorable to themselves, instead of being in such a rigid situation like now.


But regardless, even though there was this flaw, Snowy Mountain blessed land was a solid fortress, easy to defend but hard to attack. With this Gu formation helping him, it was no wonder that Old Ancestor Xue Hu felt extremely confident and did not hide the commotion of refining fortune rivaling heaven Gu.


Even if he wanted to hide it, he might not necessarily be able to. The crucial thing was that he was not afraid of Gu Immortals attacking. Instead, he was even waiting for them, because the Gu Immortals who died in the Gu formation, whether it be enemies or his own side, they would turn into fuel which would help him refine fortune rivalling heaven Gu!


“Since that is the case, we might as well stay here and wait for the response from our reinforcements.” Bu Zhen Zi suggested.


This suggestion was approved by the other Central Continent Gu Immortals.


They were now familiar with the details of this Gu formation, but it was not of much use.


Zhao Lian Yun frowned, but she did not argue. After all, Ma Hong Yun was at the first peak, that was the center of the Gu formation, used to refine Gu. Even if Zhao Lian Yun and the group charged through the many snowy peaks and reached the first peak, they would have to face the rank eight Gu Immortal Old Ancestor Xue Hu.


Black heaven, Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace.


“We have discovered a small group.” South Desolation Immortal breathed out deeply.


“Ah? Where?” Yao Huang asked.


“They actually ran right inside Snowy Mountain blessed land. Strange…” South Desolation Immortal was uncertain.


Although he knew Central Continent Gu Immortals had entered the spaceless tunnel, he was not aware that an unexpected mishap had occurred in the spaceless tunnel.


He had thought he could find the majority of Central Continent’s forces, but he only discovered a small group.


However, this discovery included Zhao Lian Yun, an important person.


Love Immortal Gu.


The reason South Desolation Immortal woke up was due to this.


“Snowy Mountain blessed land.” Yao Huang frowned, “Not all the Central Continent Gu Immortals have appeared?”


South Desolation Immortal shook his head: “Maybe this is their plan of luring enemies, but whether it be rank eight Gu Immortals or Immortal Gu Houses, there are none of them.”


Yao Huang’s frown became deeper.


Just like when Fang Yuan confronted Ying Wu Xie, he did not take out the upper extreme heavenly eagle, but it had instead caused Ying Wu Xie to be even more apprehensive.


The situation of Yao Huang and South Desolation Immortal was largely similar.


If the Central Continent Gu Immortals had all appeared, they would be able to use all their strength to deal with them.


However, only five people appeared, which instead caused South Desolation Immortal and Yao Huang to not understand what the Central Continent Gu Immortals were planning.


Was this some kind of sinister plot? Are they brewing some special plan?


South Desolation Immortal thought about it before deciding: “Let this group of Central Continent Gu Immortals fight with Snowy Mountain blessed land first. The important thing is still the larger portion of the Central Continent group. Until this larger portion appears, we will just watch the events from the side.”


“Okay.” Yao Huang nodded, but was guessing inwardly: “Lord South Desolation is aware about the situation inside Snowy Mountain blessed land. This is not Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace’s ability, does our side have an insider in Snowy Mountain blessed land?”




