Chapter 1259: Fang Yuan versus Five (2/2)


Over twenty beads of red date immortal essence were expended.


The next moment, the blood colored fire completely disappeared and Fang Yuan went back to his previous state.


“Sigh!”


“Man as Before is effective only on human bodies, when I transform to other living beings, I cannot directly use Man as Before. This is quite inconvenient.”


“Moreover, Man as Before has quite a big restriction in terms of time, fortunately I have my investigative killer move, three breaths future vision!”


Fang Yuan inwardly sighed, as he activated another immortal killer move.


Convergence of enslavement and strength path — Myriad Self!


Whoosh whoosh whoosh.


Tens of thousands of Fang Yuans converged to create a vast human tide that charged towards Ying Wu Xie and the rest.


“How can this be? He actually recovered so quickly? He has already gotten rid of blood flesh fire?” Hei Lou Lan was extremely surprised.


Fang Yuan’s counterattack was too quick, and it still carried strong momentum, making Hei Lou Lan’s heart sink to rock bottom.




Hei Lou Lan knew Fang Yuan had Man as Before.


But Man as Before had rather stringent requirements regarding time. Even Fang Yuan would only survive by a hair’s breadth. After he was struck, he would have to first discover his state, then dispel his transformation killer move, during this time, he might hesitate before he finally used Man as Before. Activating this Immortal Gu, furthermore, required some time.


Under such a situation, Hei Lou Lan thought if it was herself instead of Fang Yuan, it would also be very difficult to get rid of this blood flesh fire.


Fang Yuan was not clear of Hei Lou Lan and Bai Ning Bing’s methods, likewise, Hei Lou Lan similarly did not know that Fang Yuan had three breaths future vision.


This investigative killer move could let Fang Yuan see anything wrong that would happen to him three breaths earlier. Because of this, Fang Yuan had much more time to react and take action accordingly.


In short, Hei Lou Lan was heavily injured but only managed to slightly affect Fang Yuan.


Red date immortal essence was consumed, but Fang Yuan was rich and his financial condition was rather good, thus, he did not care about this small expenditure.


Immortal killer move — Soul Howl!


Ying Wu Xie howled, countless phantoms of Fang Yuan around him burst at once.


Immortal killer move — Spike Forest.




Shi Nu stamped his right leg, countless spikes rose up from the ground, piercing through thousands of Fang Yuan’s phantoms.


Then, Shi Nu called out, the earth spikes shot to the air, instantly clearing large amounts of phantoms in the air.


This move hid a second stage within, and was extremely effective, almost completely destroying all of Fang Yuan’s phantoms.


Earth path rank seven Gu Immortal Shi Nu, he was the cornerstone in this battle, without his protection and contribution, how could Ying Wu Xie and the rest last until this moment?


“Your turn next.” Fang Yuan transformed back into a sword dragon, laughing sinisterly inwardly.


Roar!


At this moment, the tiger year beast beside him roared and suddenly retreated.


This ancient year beast had been summoned by Fang Yuan, although it had been fighting all along, Ying Wu Xie and the rest were on guard against it, thus it was not able to assist a lot and instead suffered many injuries.


The tiger year beast was not loyal to Fang Yuan, this could not compare to Ying Wu Xie’s soul beast summoning.


Once the year beast suffered severe injuries, it immediately retreated, penetrating space and returning to the River of Time.


But it did not matter.


Immortal killer move — Year Beast Summoning!


Fang Yuan activated this killer move again, this time he summoned a sheep shaped ancient year beast.


Although year beast summoning could only summon one year beast each time, there were many year beasts in the River of Time, if one left, he just had to summon another.


The sheep ancient year beast stampeded towards Ying Wu Xie and the others, Shi Nu gave a deep roar, his body suddenly bulged, turning into a giant that was as big as the year beast; he stood stably and countered it, using his profound fighting techniques to throw the year beast to the ground.


Boom.


The sheep ancient year beast fell to the ground, causing the ground to tremor for a while.


The year beast quickly stood up, and furiously charged towards Shi Nu with its horns.


Shi Nu sidestepped smoothly while grabbing the curved sheep horns at the same time.


The two giant beings tangled together, at a deadlock for the time being.


On Fang Yuan’s end, the amount of dragon breath he used was reducing.


He was starting to feel a burning pain in his throat, as if his throat was about to emit smoke!


Dragon breath was the ancient sword dragon’s strongest weapon. Even a true ancient sword dragon would not be able to continue using dragon breath more than twenty to thirty times.


However, Fang Yuan had already used his dragon breath over a hundred times, reaching the limits of his physical body.


If he continued breathing out, his throat would be damaged, and the sword light dragon breath’s power would reduce by a huge extent.


The battle had lasted up until now, the tiger year beast had retreated from severe injuries, and now Fang Yuan was showing some signs of fatigue.


Although he had become a rank seven Gu Immortal, with red date immortal essence, his battle strength rising sharply and reaching the upper level among rank sevens, the enemies he faced were also not minor characters.


Hei Lou Lan was a formidable person with the Great Strength True Martial Physique, she had annexed a strength path blessed land in Jade Pot Mountain, her dao marks increasing by a lot. At the same time, she also had Blazing Heaven Demoness’ true inheritance along with her Immortal Gu.


Bai Ning Bing had the Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique, and had changed into the mysterious dragonman, grasping Bai Xiang grotto-heaven and obtaining Bai Xiang’s true inheritance.


There was no need to say anything about Ying Wu Xie, he was one of the main split souls of Spectral Soul. He once had the eleventh extreme physique, he was the final hope of Shadow Sect, with astonishing attainment in soul path, and although his attainment in other paths was unclear, they should not be low. At least, it was the case for luck path.


Shi Nu was a rockman, this race innately had rich earth path dao marks, and with Shi Nu cultivating earth path mainly, it could be they complemented one another well.


The most useless was Tai Bai Yun Sheng, but even so, this old guy was becoming sharper as he grew older, he mainly cultivated time path, but perfectly dual-cultivated cloud path as well, and with the Immortal Gu on him, his cloud ring’s defensive ability was quite remarkable.


Although the majority of these five was rank six, they were similar to Fang Yuan when he was rank six, with battle strength that reached rank seven level.


And right now, these elites with outstanding disposition had allied and were working together, adding on the constant support of Shadow Sect’s remaining resources and methods emerging one after another, they were stronger than a lone Ye Lui Qun Xing and were even more difficult to handle.


When Gu Immortals battled, they could not rush things.


Because there were many types of Immortal Gu, immortal killer moves were endless in number, some were extremely mystical, some were powerful and unconstrained, some were tyrannical, and some were sinister and strange.


Fang Yuan was fighting alone against five, and was firmly holding an advantage, while Ying Wu Xie and the others were exhausted by just dealing with his attacks, and were unable to turn the situation around.


“Damn it, he has not used that move even now!” Ying Wu Xie thought as green immortal zombie blood flowed down from his nose.


Ying Wu Xie wiped the blood using the back of his hand, but the green blood flowed down again.


“Damn it!”


“I have been using immortal killer moves repeatedly, and have been bearing so much backlash that even this immortal zombie body is showing signs of reaching its limits.”


“Even I am like this, the others must be in even worse circumstances.”


Ying Wu Xie gazed at his allies, and saw they were all pale and their states were worsening.


Fang Yuan was unrestricted here, but they were not. They not only had to steady themselves constantly, resisting the repulsion and attraction force in the regional wall, they also had to fight Fang Yuan at the same time, using many immortal killer moves which caused heavy losses to their immortal apertures!


“My side has Shadow Sect’s remaining resources, it is normal for our battle strength to rise rapidly.”


“But, Fang Yuan’s battle strength also rose so quickly!”


“This speed is too astonishing. Even us five allied together are not his match.”


The more Ying Wu Xie thought, the more apprehensive he felt towards Fang Yuan. And in the depths of this apprehension was a trace of fear!


Right, it was fear.


Ying Wu Xie was beginning to feel afraid.


He could not help but admit Fang Yuan was strong, he was even more afraid of Fang Yuan’s growth speed!


“Bai Xiang, activate.”


Bai Ning Bing who had been preparing the killer move all along, suddenly gave a cry, a soaring aura rose up from her body.


Ying Wu Xie was immediately filled with joy as he looked at Bai Ning Bing: “You finally succeeded!”


Bai Ning Bing’s appearance had a great change right now.


In the blink of an eye, she had transformed into a five meter giant.


She had three heads, six arms and bare feet, her body was covered in ice armor and frost aura flowed around her, like a long ribbon was revolving around her. She stood on two frost clouds that emitted light hints of blue.


Immortal killer move — Bai Xiang!


“Fang Yuan, come fight me!” Bai Ning Bing gave a shout, and suddenly sped up like a white light passing through the air. She had changed her defensive stance, taking the initiative to attack.


“Let our old and new enmity be resolved today.” Fang Yuan’s dragon eyes narrowed, and without dodging, he charged head-on.


A silver light and a white light passed by each other.


The inertia from their speed was too powerful, whether it be Bai Ning Bing or Fang Yuan, they each flew far away.


“A light injury.” Fang Yuan slightly looked down and saw a long but shallow sword mark on his body, the dragon scales along the sword mark were all cut, some even broke through the dragon skin, letting out some blood.


By contrast, Bai Ning Bing was much more miserable.


There was a hole in her chest, three of her arms were destroyed, and almost half of her body was gone.


But she did not bleed, cold air flowed on massively, restoring her back to normal in a blink of an eye.


“Bai Xiang. This immortal killer move is rumored to be undying. Even if there is only a nail sized fragment remaining, the user can immediately revive and recover back to normal. Because after the Bai Xiang transformation, the body is no longer a flesh and blood body, instead it becomes a certain mystical life form!” Ying Wu Xie was inwardly excited.


Sure enough, as the battle went on, Bai Ning Bing’s performance was like Ying Wu Xie estimated.


She was not Fang Yuan’s match. But relying on the Bai Xiang transformation’s special characteristics, she could immediately recover back to normal.


Most of Fang Yuan’s attention was absorbed in fighting with Bai Ning Bing.


As the battle continued, even Fang Yuan felt exhausted, after all, his was a flesh and blood body, while Bai Ning Bing was still energetic and lively.


Just as Fang Yuan intended to give up on Bai Ning Bing and target Ying Wu Xie and the rest…


“It is time!” Ying Wu Xie suddenly cried out, auras of countless Gu worms rose from his body…


He looked at Fang Yuan and spoke—


Lead soul into dream!




