Chapter 126: Demise of the Wood Charm


Admit defeat…

Fang Yuan’s words were still lingering in the crowd’s ears.

At once, almost all the rank two Gu Masters below the pavilion looked at Fang Yuan with surprise.

Fang Yuan ignored them; he crossed his arms and stood there with an indifferent expression.

“Admit defeat? He just gave up, did I hear that right?”

“That’s Fang Yuan? He doesn’t even have the guts to come out, haha.”

“We recognize Xiong Li’s power, he is indeed strong. But even if you want to admit defeat, at least do that after the formalities. By not even making an attempt, he is not only showing that he is a coward, he is even bringing dishonor to the clan.”

The whispers were like ripples in a calm lake.

The Gu Masters’ expressions changed from surprise to contempt, scorn, and schadenfreude.

Many Gu Yue Clan Gu Masters felt unease; the eyes from the other clans’ Gu Masters seemed to bore into them, piercing their self-esteem.

As Fang Yuan was a member of their clan, they felt humiliated when he just gave up without a fight.

“How can you admit defeat? Fang Yuan, you are a man of Gu Yue Village, stand up and fight bravely with Xiong Li!”

“Even if you lose, it’s no big deal.”

“You don’t even have the guts to go out? Have you no shame?!”

Some Gu Yue clan Gu Masters shouted and urged Fang Yuan to take the challenge.

Fang Yuan was indifferent; to him, their words were like dogs barking.

Reputation and honor were illusions, shackles used by the higher-ups to bind their subordinates.

These Gu Masters were also dogs on leashes.

Xiong Li gazed at Fang Yuan and suddenly laughed. “I am truly disappointed. Is this what Gu Yue Village’s bravery looks like?”

The Gu Yue Clan Gu Masters looked unsightly at these words.

The Xiong Village Gu Masters hooted with laughter, and even the Bai Clan Gu Masters showed expressions of mockery.

The people around Fang Yuan started moving away, their faces flushed with shame at the thought of even being associated with him.

Soon, there was no one within five steps from Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan stood alone. He did not care what anyone thought, and he remained calm, unlike everyone else.

Others fancied a courageous reputation, but Fang Yuan scoffed at it. This made everyone loathe him.

Because Fang Yuan rejected fame, he was rejecting society’s values. Denying this system of values was rejecting the people who lived their lives following these values.

Others naturally wouldn’t deny their own values, otherwise they would feel that they were living wrongly. Thus, they had subconsciously started to reject Fang Yuan.

A weak-hearted person would be defeated by such rejection and they would change themselves to suit public opinion.

However, Fang Yuan needed such rejection. He had too many secrets, so he needed to be solitary. At the same time, these people weren’t worth being friends with. In his memories, Qing Mao Mountain’s three villages barely survived the wolf tide, but the accident two years later would totally destroy them and turn the entirety of Qing Mao Mountain into a desolate wasteland.

What Fang Yuan needed was to use this time to improve himself as much as possible, then leave the clan and avoid that fatal disaster.

Qing Shu, as the number one rank two Gu Master in the Gu Yue Clan, couldn’t help but stand up.

“Xiong Li, how about sparring with me?”

“Hehe, what will we compete on?” Xiong Li was smiling, but his expression was serious.

Qing Shu didn’t look at Xiong Li; he held his palm upwards and moved his primeval essence, staring at the green vine slowly growing out of his hand. “Let’s compete on your strength. If you can break away from my green vine’s binding, I will admit defeat. Is that okay?”

“Hehe, good suggestion, let’s do it.” Xiong Li grinned, his eyes gleaming.

Together with my Grand Bear Gu, I possess the strength of two bears. Although the Green Vine Gu is tough, I can definitely break it with the strength of two bears. Xiong Jiang won against Bai Bing Yi, and if I defeat Qing Shu, it would give us great honor!

Qing Shu gently smiled. Without speaking, he extended both hands. Green vines grew out from each palm, and like nimble pythons, they climbed up Xiong Li and twisted around his body.

Xiong Li’s hands were at his waist; the green vines coiled around his arms and his body, tightly binding them together.

No one could tear their eyes away from the contest.

“Please.” Qing Shu said to Xiong Li.

Xiong Li opened his eyes. He tightly clenched his fists and started exerting his strength.

Every muscle on his body seemed to stand out like boulders.

Strength of a bear!

Boom.

The green vines started to snap under his enormous strength.

“Hahaha, Brother Qing Shu, it seems the winner of this contest will be me!” Xiong Li still had enough energy to speak even as he was breaking free.

Senior Qing Shu… Fang Zheng was nervous and his hands were sweating.

The other Gu Yue Clan Gu Masters were also the same. Qing Shu was the best among them and if he lost the contest, the Gu Yue Clan would completely lose their reputation!

“Not necessarily.” Qing Shu smiled, his eyes full of confidence.

When he finished speaking, the green vines started changing. They began to darken and grow thicker, and wide green leaves sprouted along their lengths.

Xiong Li’s face changed. He sensed the vines’ coiling strength had increased by more than ten times.

What made him more apprehensive was that the vines he had already snapped began to mend themselves.

Grand Bear Gu!

He sensed the situation going bad and immediately used his Grand Bear Gu.

Immediately, his hair started stiffening up like steel needles. The muscles on his whole body enlarged and he seemed to have become much taller and bulkier.

Strength of two bears!

The green vines creaked, but they were still able to resist this terrifying strength, binding him tightly.

Xiong Li’s face became very red as he strained against the vines with all his might. But in the end, he was only able to snap one coil before he couldn’t continue.

“I lost,” he gasped as he ceased using the Grand Bear Gu.

“You let me win.” Qing Shu cupped his fist as the green vines retracted.

“Senior Qing Shu, you’re the best!” The Gu Yue Clan’s Gu Masters were jubilant.

Senior Qing Shu really deserves his reputation. Big Brother can’t compare to him at all. Fang Zheng stood beside Qing Shu and looked at him with reverence.

Xiong Li’s expression was complicated as he looked at Qing Shu. He had grown stronger and obtained the Brown Bear Innate Strength Gu, but Qing Shu had also grown stronger. Although he didn’t know what method Qing Shu had used, he acknowledged the green-haired Gu Master as his true rival. As for Fang Yuan, he was only a newbie, not worth considering.

It really is the Wood Charm Gu, Fang Yuan thought as he observed Qing Shu from afar.

Xiong Li hadn’t noticed during their contest, but two emerald-green leaves had grown out of Qing Shu’s hair.

This was a sign of using the Wood Charm Gu.

A wood charm was a tree spirit, and using the Wood Charm Gu allowed one battle as a tree spirit.

Tree spirits were unusual creatures. They could directly absorb the natural essence in the air and use it.

Gu Masters couldn’t do this, they could only use the primeval essence in their aperture.

While using the Wood Charm Gu, a Gu Master would become an embodiment of a tree spirit and could absorb natural essence from the air to replenish their primeval essence, as though they were absorbing primeval essence from primeval stones. Normally, Gu Masters could not divide their mind to absorb primeval essence from primeval stones while fighting.

But as an embodiment of a tree spirit, absorption of natural essence became an instinct and required no concentration. The Gu Master became a specialist in battles of attrition. Although they couldn’t infinitely replenish themselves, they could fight up to three times longer than normal.

In addition, as a tree spirit, Gu worms like the Green Vine Gu and Pine Needle Gu would also have their strength amplified.

The Wood Charm Gu’s advancement can be said to be one of the most extravagant among all Gu worms. It is a rank three Gu and needs to be refined with a Hundred-Year Lifespan Gu to become a rank four Hundred-Year Wood Charm Gu. The Hundred-Year Wood Charm Gu needs to be refined with a Thousand-Year Lifespan Gu to become a rank five Thousand-Year Wood Charm Gu. The recipe is well-known, but few actually use it. Lifespan Gu are far too precious, and when someone finds one, they usually just use it to increase their own lifespan.

In this world, a human could live for at most a hundred years if they didn’t encounter any accidents or illnesses. A hundred years was the limit of humans.

But a Lifespan Gu could increase this limit.

A Hundred-Year Lifespan Gu could increase a person’s lifespan by a hundred years, and a Thousand-Year Lifespan Gu could increase it by a thousand.

Lifespan Gu were extremely rare, and everyone sought after them.

Fang Yuan had lived for five hundred years in his previous life because he had used five Hundred-Year Lifespan Gu in his previous life, thus increasing his total lifespan to six hundred years. But unfortunately, he was attacked by the righteous path before he could even live all of it and had no choice but to self-detonate and die.

Just because your lifespan was longer didn’t mean you couldn’t die.

The Wood Charm Gu is powerful but has its weakness: it can’t be used for an extended period of time. Otherwise, the power of the Gu will begin transforming the user’s body into wood, and eventually they will become a treeman and die. That is how Qing Shu died in my previous life.

Fang Yuan’s eyes flashed.

Ordinarily, powerful Gu worms had huge side effects and needed to be used with other Gu worms. Otherwise, there would be harmful influences on the Gu Masters’ body.

For instance, Xiong Jiang’s Roaming Zombie Gu was best used with a Blood Qi Gu. If not, the blood in his body would gradually decrease over time and he would become a true zombie.

Xiong Li’s group returned to their camp. They had won once against Bai Bing Yi, and then lost once against Qing Shu. Even so, the group still received a lot of applause and praise.

“Mo Yan, I challenge you.”

“Come, Xiong Jiao Man, I will fight you!”

After the first set of challenges, the whole square suddenly became lively. Countless Gu Masters came forth to challenge each other and demonstrate their bravery.

Alliance Slope became chaotic, and all kinds of brilliant battles took place.

The true competition had started.

