Chapter 127: So-Called Morals and Relationships


It was not until evening that the contests came to an end.

The Gu Masters from all three clans had become a bit closer than before. Before, they had been clustered into three groups according to their clans, but now, although there were still three areas where the people were more densely packed, Gu Masters were scattered over the entire hillside.

Sparring was both a form of venting and compromise.

In this world, strength stood above all else. With strength came respect, and that formed the basis for cooperation.

After Xiong Li challenged Fang Yuan, no one else came to look for him.

He was only a newbie and hadn’t interacted enough with Gu Masters from the other two clans to develop any relationships, let alone grudges or rivalries. As for his own clansmen, they wouldn’t issue challenges against their own clan in this situation.

Especially after Fang Yuan admitted defeat. Everyone had lost interest in him. What value was there in winning against such a “lazy” and “cowardly” opponent?

There were two ways to prevent others from trampling you. One was to become strong, so strong that no one dared to step on you. The other was to become dog shit, something no one would want to step on.

Fang Yuan did not care about such things. He always acted unscrupulously and only cared about the results. Nobody challenged him, which made his life easier.

He treated the contempt and disdain of others as though they were air. If he could not endure this level of scorn, what right did he have to pursue the demonic path?

The alliance gathering ended successfully, and the three clans reached an agreement.

Firstly, they settled on the rules. The three clans would temporarily put aside their grudges and resist the wolf tide together. In times of danger, they would assist each other. For the duration of the alliance, killing each other was prohibited, and they would set up a team that would supervise and investigate any wrongdoings. If there were any murders, the culprit would be expelled from their clan before being sentenced to death by the alliance. If the culprit fled, their family would be executed.

If a Gu Master died in battle, their remaining Gu worms would be returned to the clan. If anyone withheld these Gu, they would be charged as a murderer. Recovered Gu worms could be exchanged for merit points.

Secondly, they set up the battle merit board. All of the teams across the three clans would be displayed on the merit board, ranked by their contributions. A lightning wolf’s eyeball could be exchanged for ten merit points. Merit points could be used to exchange for Gu worms, primeval stones, and other resources.

The appearance of the battle merit board naturally inspired hot-bloodedness in the Gu Masters.

The results of the sparring earlier in the day were not an accurate way to show the strength of both parties in actual combat. For example, in the case of the first contest of the day, Bai Bing Yi naturally had other attacking methods besides the Water Drill Gu, while Xiong Jiang’s Shadow Bond Gu only had an effective range of ten meters. If they fought properly, especially with awareness of each others’ methods, the outcome might be very different. The results of any battle could be swayed by many external factors.

The battle merit board could provide a fairer method of competition.

The Gu Masters from all three clans wasted no time in hunting lightning wolves, fighting for a better ranking on the battle merit board.

This was not just for their own glory, but also for that of the clan.

The top three positions on the board showed especially intense competition. Almost every day, there would be a change.

•••

In the blink of an eye, a month passed.

Winter left and spring came, causing life to sprout once more.

After a battle.

Fang Yuan’s feet crunched in a bit of remaining snow. He regulated his breathing as he observed the battlefield.

Nearby, there were a dozen lightning wolves, all dead. Wolf blood and body parts could be seen everywhere, and the air was thick with the smell of iron.

Howl…

Suddenly, wolf cries could be heard not too far away.

Fang Yuan’s expression changed slightly. With his experience, he knew that a pack of wolves was rapidly approaching.

Another Gu Master might have thought of retreating after such an intense battle and with so little primeval essence remaining. But Fang Yuan did not care; he squatted down and began to gather the eyeballs from the wolf corpses.

His movements were fluid and highly efficient, but even so, after he was done, he was already half-surrounded by the wolf pack.

It was a moderately-sized pack of around a hundred crippled wolves. Their green eyes gleamed with ruthless light as they stared at him.

Fang Yuan placed the extracted eyeballs into a bag and stood up with a smile. His body seemed to ripple like water and he vanished.

The wolf pack that was still approaching instantly fell into disarray. Some of them slowed down or stood hesitantly, looking around.

After all, they were wild beasts. Such a magical scene was hard for them to comprehend.

But this is also because lightning wolves rely on their eyes, rather than their noses. Lightning wolves are fantastical creatures of this world; their vision is as sharp as an eagle’s, but their sense of smell is no better than a human’s. My Stealth Scales Gu counters them perfectly, but it would not hide me from a dog’s nose. Fang Yuan understood these creatures well.

He had successfully refined the Stealth Scales Gu before the alliance meeting thanks to his trade with Qing Shu. It looked like a fossilized gray carp as it lay in Fang Yuan’s primeval sea, the red primeval essence flowing around its realistic fish scales.

With the Stealth Scales Gu, Fang Yuan could freely retreat from these groups of wolves. He had taken advantage of it on countless occasions recently.

Lightning wolves were much faster than normal wolves or hounds, and as a result, they had developed extremely sharp vision to avoid obstacles as they ran. But nature was fair, and in exchange, they had lost their sense of smell.

However, the Thunder Crown Wolf was different.

While he could travel freely among the normal wolf tide, before the Thunder Crown Wolf he had nowhere to hide. The reason was because its eyes were often the home of Lightning Eye Gu, which granted the ability to see through all sorts of illusions.

Other than the Lightning Eye Gu, there were actually many other Gu worms that could detect him through his invisibility.

For example, the Snake Tongue Gu could detect his body heat. The Beast Language Gu could allow a Gu Master to converse with wild beasts and obtain information. The Clairaudience Gu could make a Gu Master’s hearing extremely sensitive.

Thus, even with the Stealth Scales Gu, he was not completely safe. It was, however, a pretty good trump card.

When he returned to the village, it was still afternoon.

The day in spring was bright and beautiful, and there were many people passing in and out of the village gate. What was different from previous years was that people on the road were mostly Gu Masters, while there were very few mortals.

Under the influence of the wolf tide, the wilderness was not safe. Hunters did not dare to venture into the mountains, and the farms had been abandoned.

The Gu Masters on the streets were in high spirits, either returning covered in bloodstains or enthusiastically setting out.

Their discussions ranged from the rankings on the battle merit board to their experiences killing lightning wolves to gossip about Gu Masters from the other villages.

Fang Yuan merged with the crowd heading into the village, making his way to the village square in front of the clan head’s pavilion.

A stage had been erected there to handle special administrative matters related to the wolf tide.

A bunch of Gu Masters were gathered. There were some rank one Gu Masters doing administrative work, and rank two Gu Masters crowded around one section, carrying bloodstained wolf eyeballs to exchange for merit points.

Some others were using their merit points to exchange for primeval stones, Gu worms, food for their Gu, and the like.

In the middle of the village square, a large banner had been raised. On it, there was writing in the language of this world, constantly changing and shifting.

It was the battle merit board, and on it there were over a dozen Swimword Gu.

It was a rank one Gu, and some support Gu Masters were using them to freely change the writing on the banner.

“Hmph, why is first place still Bai Bing Yi’s group?” Someone frowned at the merit board.

“Let’s see, Bai Bing Yi’s is first, Qing Shu’s is second, and Xiong Li’s is third. My group is 137th,” a Gu Master counted.

Someone suddenly shouted, “It changed, it changed! Qing Shu is now first, they pushed Bai Bing Yi to second!”

On the battle merit board, the text for Qing Shu’s group suddenly moved, crawling its way upward and forming “hands” to pull down Bai Bing Yi’s text as it took its place at the top. It even formed “legs” briefly to trample the text of the now-second-place team.

This very human-like set of actions was naturally due to the Gu Master manipulating the Swimword Gu.

The Gu Masters nearby laughed at the sight and praised Qing Shu’s team. The rank one Gu Master controlling the Swimword Gu was flushed with excitement.

“Lord Qing Shu, you are indeed our number one rank two Gu Master!”

“Good job, Lord Qing Shu.”

Qing Shu walked among the crowd, smiling faintly. Fang Zheng, who was behind him, clenched both fists, following closely behind with an excited expression.

The praises from the crowd filled Fang Zheng’s heart, which longed for such glory. He felt as though he were walking on a bright path, and without realizing it, he felt closer to the clan.

Big Brother… He saw Fang Yuan standing among the crowd, observing with his arms folded.

Big Brother, you are still alone. No wonder you have been at the bottom of the ranking ever since the start. Only by removing your prejudice and integrating into the collective can you feel the warmth and happiness of the clan. Fang Zheng sighed, feeling that Fang Yuan was somewhat pitiful and pathetic.

People like Fang Yuan, always fighting alone, could not feel kinship from the clan or friendship forged from fighting together with teammates.

Facing everything alone was not only dangerous, but also boring.

Without friendship, love, or kinship, what was the meaning of being alive?

Fang Yuan stood among the crowd, staring at the tall merit board. The words at the very bottom were, to no one’s surprise, “Fang Yuan’s Group”.

Other Gu Masters might feel ashamed at the sight, but Fang Yuan was unmoved.

After being promoted to group captain, he had never recruited any members. He was a loner, unique among all three clans on Qing Mao Mountain.

As he was alone, the results of his daily hunts obviously couldn’t compare to other teams. Of course, with his current abilities, he could definitely place higher than last.

But that was pointless.

He did not need many merit points. He had most of the resources he needed saved up. Previously, he had planned to exchange for a Fish Scale Gu, but now he no longer needed to.

Right now, his daily hunts were firstly to fulfill his quota, and secondly to accumulate some merit points to exchange for moon orchid petals.

After all, his Moonglow Gu needed food.

Half a month soon passed, and the spring atmosphere intensified.

Trees started to grow leaves, and wildflowers on the roadside bloomed.

Under the warm spring winds, Gu Masters sang in battle, and the situation was getting better and better.

Fang Yuan walked on the street and observed everyone’s happy faces and listened to their praises and boasts.

Of course, there were also some Gu Masters who were frowning with worry. Most of them were older, and with their rich life experiences, they knew that the real wolf tide was yet to come.

Fang Yuan understood everything.

The current situation is due to the three-clan alliance, which has reduced the tension between the villages and allowed everyone to focus on the wolf tide. In addition, the lightning wolves everyone has been facing are only the crippled ones. Lastly, with the coming of spring, many wolves are busy mating. When summer comes, the truly energetic and healthy wolves will attack from all directions, causing great damage and casualties for all three clans.

Fang Yuan’s eyes shone with cold light.

This year’s wolf tide would be worse than ever before, it would be dangerous beyond anyone’s wildest guesses. Even the elders greatly underestimated the severity of this wolf tide.

In his memory, most of the Gu Masters died, and the three clans expended almost all of their trump cards.

Fang Yuan had never thought of warning anyone. Firstly, even if he did, they might not listen to him, and if they asked where he got the information, he couldn’t explain it. Secondly, there was no point in telling them, as the reason things would turn out so badly was due to a fundamental difference in strength. Thirdly, and most crucially, warning the clan was not in his best interest!

I would rather let the world down, than be let down by the world!!!

What kinship, friendship, and love? They were nothing but ornaments in life. How could they compare to a man’s ambitions?

On Earth, Xiang Yu threatened to cook Liu Bang’s father, but Liu Bang just laughed and said, “Go ahead, and don’t forget to give me a piece.”[1]

Li Shi Min[2] killed his brothers, and Cao Cao’s army ran out of rations and had to resort to cannibalism to feed themselves. Liu Bei[3] borrowed the province of Jingzhou but never returned it.

The higher-ups praised values and morals, but they were just tools to maintain their rule.

If one was restrained by them, how could they achieve anything?

Of those who stepped into upper society, who among them did not have blood on their hands? Who did not step over corpses along the way? The initial accumulation of capital was always bloody. Every politician’s hands were dirty. So-called philanthropists were merely trading their money for recognition.

It was just that the successful were good at hiding their past misdeeds. People who believed their sanitized life stories were truly fools.

These fools are everywhere. Restrained by emotions and morals as they are, they deserve to be stupidly manipulated by rules. What’s sadder is that when they see others who act without restraint, they will jump out and criticize them, trying to impart these morals to them and to prevent them from having more freedom than they do. In this process, they even enjoy a ridiculous sense of moral superiority and bliss.

Fang Yuan looked at the Gu Masters walking past him.

All of these people were capable, and some even had higher cultivation than him, but for what?

They were just pawns, merely restrained dogs.

What truly stalled a person’s success was not talent, but mindset.

Any organization imparted its morals and rules, brainwashing its members from the moment they joined. Those who wished to achieve extraordinary things had to break this restraint on their mindset. Sadly, most people were trapped their entire lives, using these chains as their motivation to move forward and even wearing their collar as a symbol of pride.

Fang Yuan laughed coldly at the thought.

As he walked out of the village gate, he set aside his thoughts and focused.

He had something important to do today. He was preparing to enter the rock crack secret cave again!

* * *

[1]. Liu Bang (劉邦) – founder and first emperor of the Han dynasty. This event happened during the Battle of Gaixia.

[2]. Li Shi Min (李世民) – Tang dynasty emperor.

[3]. Liu Bei (劉備) – warlord who became the founding emperor of Shu Han, one of the Three Kingdoms.

