Chapter 1277: Meeting of Ma and Zhao


Flood Extremity believed that perseverance Gu was only a Gu worm found in <<The Legends of Ren Zu>>.


But Black Extremity shook his head, saying: “Perseverance Immortal Gu is not a fictitious Gu worm. In fact, it has existed before.”


Flood Extremity was shocked: “How did I not know that?”


“This was something I had learned while traveling Northern Plains. The person who refined perseverance Immortal Gu was the famous Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable. He was the one who entered the door of life and death and brought Reverse Flow River out into the world. He was the first owner of Reverse Flow River.”


“Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable! Is that so? Then why is Reverse Flow River in the hands of Old Ancestor Xue Hu?” Flood Extremity asked.


Black Extremity shook his head: “I am unsure about the details regarding this… what is going on?!”


At this moment, there was a loud sound.


Inside the fate reversing refinement sub formation, some mortal Gu had exploded.


The pillar of light that the sub formation emitted also shrunk by ten percent.


This sudden change disrupted their conversation, Flood Extremity became nervous: “A portion of the Gu formation was destroyed, aren’t you repairing it?”


Black Extremity shook his head: “This situation is within my expectations, even the fate reversing refinement sub formation cannot endure the might of Reverse Flow River, it will be destroyed. And this formation has a weakness, once it activates, it cannot be repaired, unless the entire formation stops functioning.”




Flood Extremity frowned deeply: “Reverse Flow River has not reached here yet, what do we do now?”


Black Extremity smiled: “Don’t worry, I created this formation, how could I not see this coming? In fact, there are benefits in destroying the Gu formation.”


Flood Extremity was confused: “The Gu formation being destroyed has benefits?”


“Every ten percent of destruction would reduce our influence on Reverse Flow River by ten percent. The back part of Reverse Flow River will return to normal and stop being drawn to us. That way, it will display its original might and wash out everyone and everything behind.” Black Extremity explained.


“Incredible!” Flood Extremity clapped and praised, his eyes were shining: “Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun are all at the front, that means, they will be the last to be washed away.”


Black Extremity nodded: “Precisely.”


Inside Reverse Flow River.


“Lord Bi Chen Tian!” Three Central Continent Gu Immortals greeted Bi Chen Tian.


Bi Chen Tian nodded, at this moment, there were five people gathered around him, with the addition of these three and himself, there were nine people.


“Did you see Ma Hong Yun or Zhao Lian Yun?” The Gu Immortals shook their heads.




“Then did you see this person?” Bi Chen Tian described Fang Yuan’s appearance and clothing to them.


The Central Continent Gu Immortals looked at each other, one of them said: “I think I saw him, but I did not stop him. I was hiding behind a floating plank, he swam ahead without noticing me.”


Bi Chen Tian nodded.


“Lord, this person is not in our information, is he an ally or foe?” Someone asked.


The Central Continent Gu Immortals were very perplexed, because Bi Chen Tian was a grand rank eight Gu Immortal, he would not ask for information about a rank seven Gu Immortal for no reason.


Speaking of which, Fang Yuan’s cultivation level was not outstanding. Most of the Central Continent Gu Immortals were rank seven.


But Bi Chen Tian’s following words made all of their hearts shake!


“He is a strong foe. If you meet him, be very careful, I am merely on par with him in terms of physical brawling.”


The Central Continent Gu Immortals nodded solemnly.


“What do we do now?” Someone asked.


“We have many people with us, we will swim up and get rid of our enemies along Reverse Flow River, that would be the best outcome!” Bi Chen Tian said this as killing intent surged in him.


This was a good tactic indeed.


The Central Continent Gu Immortals were not the match of Old Ancestor Xue Hu and Purple Mountain True Monarch if they fought normally. Right now, they had lost Edge Link Camp, they were completely outclassed.


The sudden change with Reverse Flow River gave them a good chance.


Bi Chen Tian felt that: As long as they could make use of this opportunity, they might be able to get rid of their enemies in Reverse Flow River and obtain victory.


“Hmm? What is going on?” At this moment, a certain water path Gu Immortal among the Central Continent Gu Immortals felt a change in the river water.


Next, these Central Continent Gu Immortals saw that the water of Reverse Flow River around them started to calm down rapidly from a turbulent state.


Finally, the river flow slowed gradually, before starting to have small ripples.


Large amounts of rocks and wild beast corpses, which were flowing along the river currents, were washed away rapidly.


It was five times faster than the speed of flow earlier!


“How can this be?” Some Central Continent Gu Immortals were caught off-guard and were washed away by the river, in the blink of an eye, they were three hundred steps of distance away from Bi Chen Tian.


Bi Chen Tian was the first to react.


“Quick, swim, do not stop for even a moment, Reverse Flow River has returned to its usual state, if we stop for a moment, we will be washed away by the currents.” He called out.


Getting Bi Chen Tian’s reminder, the remaining Central Continent Gu Immortals reacted and tried to swim earnestly.


“It is so difficult!”


“The water is flowing slowly and smoothly, but it is actually many times harder than the raging tides earlier!”


“These floating logs and corpses are annoying, they are blocking our paths.”


The Central Continent Gu Immortals quickly found that it was far more difficult to swim in this river that had returned to normal.


“What is this? The higher we swim up Reverse Flow River, the harder every step is! We need to persevere, we do not need to reach the upper part of the river, as long as we meet enemies, we can kill them. If we kill one rank eight Gu Immortal, we will be able to obtain victory later!” Bi Chen Tian raised the morale.


The Central Continent Gu Immortals cheered in response.


“This way, Reverse Flow River is our opportunity!”


“Lord Bi Chen Tian, look ahead, to the front, the river is extremely turbulent!”


Bi Chen Tian heard this and found something weird.


He frowned.


This was a nightmare.


Swimming in this calm part of Reverse Flow River was much harder than swimming in the strong currents. At this rate, as time passes, when the Central Continent Gu Immortals met the enemies that were washed down by Reverse Flow River, they would already be exhausted and out of stamina!


“Quick, we need to get in front and swim in the turbulent water!” Bi Chen Tian had a grave expression, he gave the most accurate instructions.


The Central Continent Gu Immortals increased their speed in response.


Fang Yuan swam in the river, he continued to pursue Ying Wu Xie, but he could not find any trace.


The river water was turbulent, huge waves were created from time to time. From within these waves, wild beast corpses and countless rocks would flow along them.


The situation in the river was very complex. And most importantly, the river was very wide.


Fang Yuan could not get on high ground for observation, even though he had good eyesight, he could not see much.


However, he had found many Gu Immortals, among which, there were Central Continent Gu Immortals and also Snowy Mountain blessed land’s peak lords.


Fang Yuan avoided them all, he did not deal with them.


Fighting these people would waste his time and would not reap any benefits.


“This river is too wide, I might have passed Ying Wu Xie earlier while I was diving, I might be in front of him. This is totally possible!”


But Fang Yuan did not give up.


Because Ying Wu Xie had a higher chance of being in front.


He swam with all his strength, moving agilely in the complex water like a fish. The sovereign immortal body gave him incredible eyesight, stamina, and his recovery speed was on par with rank eight Gu Immortals, and most importantly, he had practiced his own incredible swimming ability.


All these caused him to surpass many Gu Immortals.


In contrast, Bi Chen Tian had to keep searching in the river for the other Central Continent Gu Immortals, he was at the very back.


A leopard fox was swimming in the water, charging at Zhao Lian Yun.


The leopard fox was smaller than regular leopards, but it could swim, thus, even inside Reverse Flow River, it survived.


“Go away!” Mu Ling Lan slapped as he killed the leopard fox which came.


His other arm was grabbing onto Zhao Lian Yun.


Zhao Lian Yun was a false immortal created with a phantom aperture, she had low foundation and barely any dao marks. Without Gu worms, she was as weak as a mortal.


Thankfully, while she was inside Reverse Flow River, the rank seven water path Gu Immortal Mu Ling Lan was around her.


With Mu Ling Lan defending her, Zhao Lian Yun managed to survive until now.


Mu Ling Lan was covered in water path dao marks, he could actually breathe freely in water, he could also swim well, along the way, he protected Zhao Lian Yun and resolved crises, while swimming ahead and bringing her along.


“Quickly look, there is a mound in front.” Mu Ling Lan killed the leopard fox and suddenly said this with shining eyes, there was a mound floating ahead in the river.


“This mound is made of float soil, no wonder it can float on water and not sink! We will go rest there!” Mu Ling Lan dragged Zhao Lian Yun along and climbed onto the floating mound with much difficulty.


Zhao Lian Yun was extremely tired, she was barely alive.


Once she got on shore, she laid down on the mound and stopped moving entirely as she rested.


Mu Ling Lan was extremely tired, he was breathing roughly.


“Wait, there’s someone on the mound!” Mu Ling Lan suddenly stood up with a ruthless expression.


“Calm down, calm down!” A figure had to walk out of the forest on the mound.


Mu Ling Lan saw this person and became stunned.


Zhao Lian Yun was frozen like a statue.


Because the one who appeared in front of them was Ma Hong Yun!


All of the immortals were in terrible conditions, but Ma Hong Yun was wearing clean clothes as he chewed on a half eaten fruit.


“You are Ma Hong Yun!” Mu Ling Lan shouted in surprise.


Ma Hong Yun took a step back: “Are you also here to capture me?”


Zhao Lian Yun tried her best to get up, as she stood shakily.


She looked at Ma Hong Yun, her throat was moving but no voice came out. As the price for using love Gu earlier, she had been using Gu worms to speak, but inside Reverse Flow River, no Gu worms could be used.


At this moment, Zhao Lian Yun finally saw the lover that she had been thinking of for so long.


She was extremely agitated, she took a step forward.


But at the next moment, she hesitated.


How did she look like now? She was clear in her heart.


She was no longer young, she was an elderly woman. Her hair was white, her face had deep wrinkles, and she was dry like a twig.


In this appearance, could Ma Hong Yun recognize her?


Could she meet her lover in this appearance, could she bear to let him see her like this?


Zhao Lian Yun lost all of her courage.


She lowered her head, she did not dare to look at Ma Hong Yun’s eyes.


Zhao Lian Yun was hesitant, but she suddenly heard Ma Hong Yun call out: “You, you are Lady Xiao Yun?”


Zhao Lian Yun’s body shook.


She raised her head, only to see that Ma Hong Yun had thrown away the fruit as he ran towards her.


“Lady Xiao Yun, Lady Xiao Yun! I miss you so much!” Ma Hong Yun shouted loudly.


Mu Ling Lan saw this and felt a lot of emotions, he explained: “Fairy Lian Yun became like this because she rushed here from Central Continent to save you.”


“Lady Xiao Yun!” Ma Hong Yun grabbed Zhao Lian Yun’s hands as he stood before her.


He was also unable to speak, his words were choked in his throat.


At this moment, Zhao Lian Yun felt: This was truly immense bliss. All of her sacrifices were worth it!




