Chapter 128: The Contrast of Winter and Spring


A faint red glow pervaded the stone forest, illuminating the petrified growths sprouting from the ceiling towards the ground like upside-down trees. It was strangely beautiful.

It has been over a month since I last came here, Fang Yuan thought helplessly.

After the three clans united, they had commenced their crusade against the wolf packs. Because of the constant traffic for the war effort, there were Gu Masters moving in the vicinity of the secret cave almost constantly. Even if Fang Yuan possessed the Stealth Scales Gu, there was still some danger of exposing himself if he were to visit.

Fang Yuan was very careful in the way he did things. Five hundred years worth of life experience had nurtured enough patience in him; he kept reign over his desires and made sure not to draw attention to the secret cave during this period.

When spring came, the crippled wolves had been successfully rooted out and there were few Gu Masters left roaming around. Only then was he willing to visit the secret cave once more, and even then he made sure to circle around the village and use the Stealth Scales Gu before he made his way there.

A month had passed, and some stone monkeys had repopulated the stone pillars along the path he had cleared before.

Fortunately, there weren’t too many.

Fang Yuan spent some time killing the monkey groups and advancing towards the central area of the stone forest.

Under the shadow of the huge stone pillar, an obviously man-made cave entrance appeared before him.

Some crude rock stairs extended downward into the darkness.

Fang Yuan used the White Jade Gu to cover his whole body with a layer of faint white light and carefully descended down the stairs.

His left hand held a lit torch, while his right bore bright moonlight as he readied the Moonglow Gu.

It was pitch black within, and even the torch could only reveal five steps ahead.

An illumination Gu would be quite helpful in such situations. Unfortunately, Fang Yuan was not so affluent.

Step by step he walked, and after a long while he reached the end of the stairs.

A crude, man-made stone door stood before him.

“Golden Centipede’s cave is precarious, Earth Communication is the way to avoid disaster.” Fang Yuan lifted his torch, illuminating some words carved on the door.

Earth Communication…

Golden Centipede…

Fang Yuan’s eyes gleamed, comprehending the meaning.

If this is what I think it is… He crouched down and touched the ground; the soil was wet.

It’s here. He was happy. He began to dig, and indeed, he found an Earth Treasury Flower.

He carefully uncovered the petals and took out the Gu worm from the heart of the flower.

It was a very special Gu.

It resembled a human ear, but much smaller. It was yellowish-brown, shriveled, and dull.

He held it in his palm and felt a slight warmth from it. Dozens of roots like that of ginseng grew out from its sides.

This was a rank two grass Gu: the Earth Communication Ear Grass.

As he looked at it, his eyes flashed.

It was a Gu used for scouting, and it had appeared at the perfect time. It was quite suitable for him.

The Earth Communication Ear Grass had a great advantage: it could scout up to three hundred paces. This range was one of the best among rank two investigative Gu worms.

It was quite easy to feed as well, as it ate ginseng roots.

There were many forested mountains in the Southern Border, and far more ginseng grew in them than on Earth. Mortal hunters would sometimes pick them when they went to hunt in the mountains. On top of that, it was easy to store; as long as it was fully dried and properly sealed, it would keep for a long time at room temperature.

Moon orchid petals wilted in a few days, but dried ginseng could last for months or even years.

Gu worms need to be refined, nurtured, and used. These three aspects are broad and contain many mysteries. The Earth Communication Ear Grass is easy to nurture, but using it is rather troublesome. Fang Yuan pondered as he held the Gu and poured in his primeval essence, instantly refining it.

The Earth Communication Ear Grass was very outstanding and could compare with many rank three investigative Gu worms. However, heaven was fair, and using it required more than just refinement. There was a certain price.

Just like the Zombie Gu and Wood Charm Gu.

Many Gu worms can’t be used by merely refining them, they have some special prerequisites. This Earth Communication Ear Grass is also the same. Using it, I would truly be able to move freely in the wolf tide and even achieve some extra things…

Fang Yuan pondered for a while and decided to use this Earth Communication Ear Grass.

The gains would be greater than the losses. Even if he had to pay the price, it was nothing for the sake of his future.

No matter which world, how could one gain anything without paying a price? Fang Yuan smiled coldly and put the Gu in his aperture.

He took a long look at the stone door, then turned around and left.

If his guess was correct, the inscription on the door was describing something truly dangerous on the other side. He would certainly need the Earth Communication Ear Grass to avoid it.

Fang Yuan exited the secret cave, but he didn’t go straight back to the village. He circled around and patrolled the wilds, not returning before he had hunted a few lone wolves and taken their eyeballs.

He was still dead last on the battle merit board. As he walked through the street, Gu Masters who recognized him laughed at him or threw him contemptuous looks. Fang Yuan ignored them.

After several days, he used a handful of battle merits to exchange for ginseng roots, properly feeding the Earth Communication Ear Grass and recovering its vitality.

Most of the clan’s attention was on the wolf tide, and no one paid attention to him. If it was before, his aunt and uncle might have brought him trouble, but they hadn’t done anything ever since he sold most of his inheritance back to them.

Difficult to do openly, easy to do secretly.

Soon, Fang Yuan smoothly and secretly prepared a few things.

That night, the moon was bright and the stars were few.

The moon hung high above like a jade plate, and the gentle darkness of the night was like a veil as it covered Qing Mao Mountain.

From time to time, wolf howls could be faintly heard in the distance.

Fang Yuan locked the doors and windows and shut the blinds. He stood inside his rented room, naked. There was a table in front of him and a basin filled with warm water was laid on it. Beside the washbasin was a white towel, a sharp dagger laid on top of it.

Beneath his feet, there was also a layer of thick cloth.

Strands of moonlight passed through the cracks in the windows and shone upon the table.

Fang Yuan’s expression was indifferent as he grabbed the dagger. It was wickedly sharp and had a cold shine to it, the blade so polished that it could be used as a mirror.

Under the faint light, the young man’s indifferent face was reflected in the dagger.

Fang Yuan couldn’t help but think of a fictional book of martial arts from Earth called the Sunflower Manual.

The first sentence on the first page of the book was “Castrate yourself to train this skill.”

If you wanted quick strength, you needed to pay the price!

So what if you had to castrate yourself?

If you weren’t ruthless and decisive, if you weren’t willing to sacrifice, how could you accomplish your ambitions and become a lord ruling over all?

The idea of receiving something without paying anything belonged to the realm of fairy tales.

The price he needed to pay to use this Earth Communication Ear Grass was nothing in the grand scheme of things.

Fang Yuan smiled coldly.

He ran his finger lightly along the edge of the cold blade and hummed softly.

The moon is like frost in the night, and the dagger shines with cold light.

If not for the harshness of winter, how could we look forward to spring?

He moved swiftly.

His hand rose and the dagger fell. Blood burst out.

A piece of flesh fell on the table—

Fang Yuan had severed his right ear, and blood spurted from the wound.

He first felt a chill, before a burst of intense pain suddenly attacked him.

He gritted his teeth and sucked in a cold breath. He endured the pain and summoned the Earth Communication Ear Grass from his aperture.

He had fed it, so it had recovered and looked completely different from before.

Back when he had taken it out of the Earth Treasury Flower, it was shriveled and dull. Now, it was large and plump, the size of an adult’s hand.

It was highly elastic and resembled the Buddha’s drooping ear from Earth.

Fang Yuan pressed the Earth Communication Ear Grass against the right side of his head and poured red steel primeval essence into it.

Its roots immediately came to life and grew rapidly, drilling into the wound.

Another burst of pain came!

Fang Yuan felt like dozens of earthworms were crawling through the wound towards his brain.

Beyond the pain, the sensation made him want to vomit.

Generally speaking, Gu Masters would use Gu worms to numb their nerves before doing this. But in this situation, Fang Yuan had no other option but to endure it with his iron willpower.

In the end, his body was that of a youth, and he couldn’t stop himself from swaying.

More and more roots burrowed into his skull. Slowly, the Earth Communication Ear Grass fused together with the bloody wound, becoming a new right ear.

Finally, blood stopped flowing out of the wound. There wasn’t even a scar.

However, Fang Yuan’s face was pale. The pain had only slightly decreased.

Veins bulged out from his head and his heart thumped rapidly.

At this point, he had mostly finished, but some time was still necessary for his body to adapt to the Earth Communication Ear Grass.

He picked up a mirror and looked at it under the faint moonlight.

He saw his pale, grimacing face. His right ear looked deformed, over twice the size of his left.

Fang Yuan was not surprised. After looking for a few moments and seeing no problems, he felt satisfied.

He put the mirror down and picked up the towel. He dipped the towel in the warm water from the basin and wiped away the blood from his body.

He had no clothes on, so it was very easy to clean up. Some blood had flowed down his leg, but it was absorbed by the cotton cloth spread on the floor.

Fang Yuan finished cleaning himself, then picked up his right ear from the table.

He snorted, then activated the Moonglow Gu, slicing his own right ear into meat paste and completely destroying it.

Fang Yuan threw the bloody towel and cloth into the basin, now full of watery blood. Then he took the basin and put it under the bed before throwing a piece of coal in it.

Only then did he lay down on the bed.

The pain had weakened for the most part, but it was still tormenting him, throbbing in his head with his heartbeat.

He did not know how much time had passed, but he finally fell into a deep sleep.

