Chapter 1284: Ma Hong Yuns Death


This was indeed a funny situation.


All three sides gave Fang Yuan attractive offers.


Fang Yuan’s position was too advantageous, if he succeeded in this attempt, regardless of which side he joined, he would gain great benefits.


However, Fang Yuan did not respond.


He had no spare energy to speak.


He stepped on the riverbed as he stood up and walked ahead.


He knew that talking was pointless, only by capturing Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun could he qualify to make conditions and negotiate with the three forces outside.


The distance was shrinking.


The people outside Reverse Flow River were watching Fang Yuan’s movements, some were speaking and trying to raise their offers.


But there was something strange.


Nobody said anything to threaten Fang Yuan!




Because everyone knew that Fang Yuan’s public identity, Liu Guan Yi, was someone who could kill Ye Lui Qun Xing, he had outstanding battle strength and even dared to offend Liu tribe, he was a vicious and lawless person. Threatening such a person would only have negative consequences.


“I must live, I want to be together with Hong Yun!” Zhao Lian Yun sobbed, she chanted in her heart, every step was difficult for her, she was inching forward slowly.


“I am here, I am right here. Don’t be afraid, Xiao Yun, I will protect you…” Ma Hong Yun was pale as paper, he was holding Zhao Lian Yun’s arm as his vision turned dark, every step he took, he felt an assault of intense dizziness, he felt that he would collapse at any moment.


“Where are you two going?” Fang Yuan’s voice came from behind Ma Hong Yun.


Ma and Zhao shook, they turned around.


Fang Yuan’s hands were already on the shoulders of both Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun.


“No—!” At this moment, Ma Hong Yun shouted loudly, pushing Zhao Lian Yun away as he charged at Fang Yuan.


But how could Fang Yuan allow Ma Hong Yun to succeed?


Earlier, he failed to deal with Ying Wu Xie and Purple Mountain True Monarch, Fang Yuan was already furious. Dealing with Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun, a mortal and a false immortal, it was too easy.


After some dazzling moves that made Ma Hong Yun’s head spin, the two were subdued by Fang Yuan in turn, they were carried in each of his arms, unable to move.




Ma and Zhao reacted, struggling intensely. But at this moment, Fang Yuan’s cold voice spoke: “Move and I will kill the person you love!”


Instantly, Ma and Zhao shuddered, they looked at Fang Yuan with immense fear.


Fang Yuan’s words targeted their greatest weakness.


Fang Yuan let out a breath of air, he carried these two captives as he walked forward.


In this dangerous situation, Fang Yuan had finally found a way to survive.


He looked outside the river, saying: “We can negotiate now!”


“Hahaha, lad, you are quite good. You are like me back in the day, we can talk it through!” Old Ancestor Xue Hu laughed.


“Don’t be rash, Central Continent can satisfy your needs.” Wei Ling Yang also said.


“Boring.” Mao Li Qiu pouted, lying on the ground as it wagged its tail, relaxing.


Black Extremity smiled bitterly: “Liu Guan Yi, just tell us what you want… hmm!”


At this moment, a change occurred.


Ma Hong Yun suddenly stopped breathing!


He was dead!!


The immortals were shocked, there was pure silence.


At once, even Fang Yuan was shocked.


“I did not exert any strength. Oh wait, Ma Hong Yun died of exhaustion! He carried Zhao Lian Yun as they traveled in the river, he was completely overexerting himself, surpassing his limits. Eventually, not only was he out of stamina, he was also drained of mental energy. After I caught him, his body relaxed and he died immediately.”


Fang Yuan quickly understood.


This change caught him off guard.


Ma Hong Yun was dead!


The immortals gasped.


“Damn it! Liu Guan Yi, you actually killed him, I will tear your bones and tendons out, I will make sure you die a terrible death!!” Old Ancestor Xue Hu fell into a rage, he screamed loudly as his eyes turned red.


Ma Hong Yun died, the effect of Fortune Rivalling Heaven also completely dissipated.


Only a living Ma Hong Yun had value as an immortal material. A dead Ma Hong Yun was just a rank five Gu Master corpse.


This was why Lady Wan Shou had been keeping Ma Hong Yun alive and did not kill him before trying to refine the Gu.


Like the spring dream fruit tree, luck path immortal materials also had a special trait, if it was a living luck path immortal material, it had to be alive. Refining the luck path Immortal Gu would require a living refinement in that case.


“Ma Hong Yun…” Bi Chen Tian and Wei Ling Yang were downcast.


“Little worm, you actually killed Ma Hong Yun, you squeezed him to death!!” Mao Li Qiu shouted even more loudly than Old Ancestor Xue Hu, it was furious and bared its sharp fangs, it was agitated and its hair was standing, it was ready to pounce to devour Fang Yuan alive.


“Ma Hong Yun actually died?! Never mind, I still have Zhao Lian Yun.” Fang Yuan held in his shock.


Zhao Lian Yun was covered in tears.


“Hong Yun!”


“Hong Yun—!”


The person she loved had died right in front of her.


Unparalleled grief and sadness assaulted her and overwhelmed her like a tsunami!


But she could not scream, she could not shout, she was unable to emit any sound.


She could only scream in her heart and cry!


She had spent so much effort to reach this step, she had just reunited with Ma Hong Yun, when they were separated for good.


What was Zhao Lian Yun going to do now?


Her tears flowed like a river, the pain was engraved in her soul, extreme grief was causing her to tremble intensely.


“Oh no.” Fang Yuan quickly made a move, wanting to knock out Zhao Lian Yun.


It was to prevent Zhao Lian Yun from dying on the spot as well from grief.


However, right when Fang Yuan was about to hit Zhao Lian Yun’s neck, a blue light burst out from Zhao Lian Yun’s body.


Rank nine love Immortal Gu!


At the most critical moment, it displayed its might again.


“This aura… rank nine love Gu?! Wait, aren’t Gu worms unable to be used in Reverse Flow River?” Flood Extremity called out.


Mao Li Qiu rolled its eyes: “Are you stupid? How can anything be absolute in this world? Reverse Flow River is a secluded domain of heaven and earth, it is filled with dao marks, preventing Gu worms from being used. But if it is a rank nine Immortal Gu, they are not dao marks but fragments of the Great Dao. And a fragment of the Great Dao cannot be suppressed by Reverse Flow River’s dao marks, the Immortal Gu’s power can be used.”


“Save him, save him, even if I have to sacrifice my life!” Zhao Lian Yun was overjoyed, she screamed in her heart.


But love Immortal Gu could not be controlled, the blue light brought Zhao Lian Yun into the sky, escaping Reverse Flow River. It then went to Wei Ling Yang and Bi Chen Tian, the speed was simply too fast to react to.


Meanwhile, Ma Hong Yun’s corpse remained.


Fang Yuan was holding onto it.


Even though Ma Hong Yun died, his soul was still in his body.


But Old Ancestor Xue Hu lost all interest in this corpse already. If reviving Ma Hong Yun would help, Lady Wan Shou would not have used this difficult living refinement method.


Mao Li Qiu was staring at Fang Yuan, ready to attack.


Fang Yuan had grasped the chance earlier, but to think that this sudden change would cause Fang Yuan to fall into even bigger danger than before.


“Such a mishap, it is definitely heaven’s will!”


Instantly, Fang Yuan understood.


He had fallen into Reverse Flow River, his Immortal Gu were ineffective, after such a long time passed, heaven’s will had already started its plotting.


He was first swept into Reverse Flow River, followed by the events of Purple Mountain True Monarch and Ying Wu Xie, and finally, Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun.


Heaven’s will!


Fang Yuan raised his head.


At this moment, he was completely trapped.


Not just Old Ancestor Xue Hu, Mao Li Qiu, and Central Continent’s Gu Immortals, even heaven’s will was everywhere, trying desperately to eliminate this biggest uncontrollable factor!


“A desperate situation… then, what should I do?”


Fang Yuan’s mouth was dry.


But from start to finish, he was expressionless.


He could not think of a way, just Old Ancestor Xue Hu alone was an enemy Fang Yuan could not face.


That giant purple ferret was unfathomable, it was Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s steed!


Not to mention the other Gu Immortals.


Fang Yuan had no way, he could only continue moving in Reverse Flow River.


The clamoring of the Gu Immortals around him continued.


“Liu Guan Yi, you cannot escape death today.”


“You committed so much evil, you have done yourself in today, the fact that you are in this state is truly heaven’s judgment!”


“Kill him, we need to kill him, he actually foiled our plans!”


“Do you know that you killed someone you could not touch. You will die for sure today!!”


“Howl—!” The dog tail life extending ferret howled, sound waves resounded endlessly, if not for Reverse Flow River, it would have attacked Fang Yuan already.


“I have no choice now… if Reverse Flow River sweeps me out, with my current methods, there is little chance of escaping.” Fang Yuan was completely stumped.


He could only continue moving forward in Reverse Flow River.


Step by step.


He was at the front already, every step he took, Reverse Flow River would move forward by a bit, causing Fang Yuan to stay in the river forever.


Reverse Flow River had no end.


This was a form of despair.


But Fang Yuan did not feel anything.


“In my life, I have experienced too many instances of despair.” Fang Yuan sighed internally.


His gaze was clear, he was still expressionless.


“In the current situation, I can only wait for the three sides to fight, I will then be able to escape. I can only persevere in this river.” Fang Yuan thought.


Step by step.


Time passed, the Gu Immortals who were waiting for Fang Yuan to be swept out became frustrated.


“Is he going to stop?”


“What’s the point of moving forward in Reverse Flow River? You will still die.”


“Come out you coward! I will kill you with one slap!”


“It is hopeless now, Liu Guan Yi, suiciding is the only way you can retain your honor.”


Some Gu Immortals were laughing, some were watching coldly.


In their opinion, Fang Yuan was just struggling futilely.




