Chapter 129: Chainsaw Golden Centipede


When Fang Yuan woke up, it was already noon on the next day.


His headache was gone, and the intense pain had vanished completely.


He touched his right ear subconsciously. The sense of touch was no different from before. It was as if he had never cut his ear off the previous night.


He climbed down from his bed and looked at himself in the mirror.


In it, there was a young man’s face. He was not especially handsome, but his eyes, black as the abyss, gave him a cold and unique charm.


The young man’s ears were the same as anyone else’s.


Last night, when he had first planted the Earth Communication Ear Grass, his right ear had been massive, drooping till it nearly reached his chin. But now, it appeared completely normal.


His body and the Earth Communication Ear Grass had gotten used to each other.


Fang Yuan sent a thread of red steel primeval essence flowing into his right ear.


At once, his hearing improved severalfold. He could hear countless footsteps.


Although he was on the second floor, he had a strange sensation that he was touching the ground.


As he continued listening and using primeval essence, his hearing continued to improve. In the mirror, he could see roots starting to grow out of his ear.


These roots were like the roots of a thousand year ginseng, extending from his ear in all directions.


At the same time, his right ear slowly became larger and fatter.


Fang Yuan stopped using the Earth Communication Ear Grass, and a second later, the roots growing out of his ears retracted, and his right ear became normal again.


Of course, his hearing also returned to normal.


Now I have a scouting method. Fang Yuan put on a shirt and pulled the water basin out from under his bed.


Last night, the bloody water had turned black and dirty due to the charcoal he’d added. The bloody towel and cloth submerged within were the same as well, any other stains covered up by black soot. If someone saw them, they would assume they were rags for cleaning up the kitchen.


Even if he emptied this basin out in front of someone, they wouldn’t notice anything amiss.


Summer was coming, and the clansmen would be doing their spring cleaning. Many of them would end up with a basin of dirty water just like this after cleaning their stoves.


Fang Yuan entered the secret cave again to strike while the iron was still hot.


This time, before he entered the cave, he caught a young deer in the forest and bound its limbs with rope and its mouth with a steel muzzle. He used the Stealth Scales Gu to hide his presence and brought the animal to the stone door blocking his way forward.


Rather than opening the door, he activated the Earth Communication Ear Grass.


The roots extended from his ear, and his hearing was amplified.


Dum-dum, dum-dum, dum-dum…


The first thing he heard was the sound of a slow heartbeat.


As the roots grew longer, the heartbeat became louder, and he began to pick up other heartbeats.


Fang Yuan did not need to think to realize that these heartbeats were coming from the jade eye stone monkeys in the rock forest above.


He shut his eyes and could almost see it in his head: the stone monkeys hiding in their caves, curled up and sleeping.


But this was not what he wanted to find out.


He continued listening as his right ear became fatter and the ginseng roots coming out of it lengthened to almost half a meter, twisting and stretching. They extended to the rock door and stabbed shallowly into the stone.


At that moment, Fang Yuan felt his hearing receive a gigantic boost.


He could hear everything within a three-hundred-step radius!


This was how the Earth Communication Ear Grass was meant to be used; what he’d done in the village was just a test.


If the Earth Communication Ear Grass’ roots did not touch the ground, it was merely average for a rank two recon Gu. But once the roots touched the ground, its range would drastically improve.


This was understandable. On Earth, the theory of sound stated that it traveled at a speed related to its medium. Sound traveled much faster and further through water or stone than through air.


In ancient China, soldiers at war would use their wooden quivers as pillows when they slept. If cavalry approached, the soldiers would hear the noise transmitted through the earth and awaken. If they waited for the sound to travel by air, they wouldn’t have time to react.


The roots grew into the stone of the door, and Fang Yuan could instantly hear the commotion behind it.


It was a very scrambled and confusing noise, but very frequent. Compared to this noise, the stone monkeys’ heartbeats were like drum beats.


An inexperienced person using the Earth Communication Ear Grass for the first time might have all sorts of theories about what the noise could mean. But to Fang Yuan, this noise was expected, and he only listened for a while before frowning.


He pushed open the rock door.


It was heavy, but since he had the strength of two boars, it was easy.


A long, dark tunnel appeared in front of him, stretching on in a straight line towards the unknown.


Fang Yuan untied the deer he had caught and tossed it into the tunnel.


The animal was very smart. Sensing the dangers of the dark path ahead, it did not dare to move forward. It stared at Fang Yuan, its huge eyes full of fear and pleading.


Fang Yuan snorted and threw a moonblade.


He controlled it carefully, making it small. It sliced a light vertical wound on the deer’s body.


Blood gushed out from the cut, and under the pain, the deer’s fear towards Fang Yuan won over its trepidation towards the unknown. It rushed into the dark tunnel.


Darkness soon engulfed it.


Fang Yuan activated the Earth Communication Ear Grass again. This time the roots grew into the walls.


His hearing amplified, and he heard the deer’s footsteps, its heartbeat, and a sudden wave of other sounds.


Golden Centipede’s cave is precarious, Earth Communication is the way to avoid disaster…


Fang Yuan knew that these noises were the sounds of centipedes moving.


Suddenly, he heard the deer’s cries.


Evidently, it had met the insects.


Fang Yuan could see the image in his mind, the flustered deer attacked by a centipede swarm that completely engulfed it. The deer turned in fright, stomping its hooves in panic as it sensed death approaching.


Countless centipedes climbed onto its body, and the deer fell to the ground, rolling and struggling.


A little while later, its heartbeat stopped.


The centipede army started to consume the meat.


Fang Yuan’s eyes gleamed as he then heard a special sound.


It was buzzing, like that of a chainsaw; it was a wild, arrogant, dominant sound.


If a newbie heard it, they would be confused. But with Fang Yuan’s experience, he could guess the identity of this sound at once.


The rank three wild Gu worm: Chainsaw Golden Centipede!


It was the king of the centipedes, the true killer in this cave.


Fang Yuan could see it in his mind: a gigantic centipede, over a meter long and as broad as two fists, coiling and slithering around the cave.


On the sides of its body, there was a row of sharp saw-like teeth. As it moved, the teeth vibrated, resembling an electric chainsaw.


The Chainsaw Golden Centipede’s arrival caused the centipede army to fall silent.


It moved ferociously, and wherever it went, the centipedes gave way, revealing the remains of the deer.


It climbed onto the corpse, devouring the meat and drinking the blood, and when it reached the bones, it coiled up and used its chainsaw teeth to grind against them, turning them to dust in an instant.


Even the White Jade Gu’s defense cannot endure this Chainsaw Golden Centipede’s attack. It seems that the Flower Wine Monk’s intention is to make me use this Earth Communication Ear Grass and avoid the centipede. But I have the Spring Autumn Cicada, so I can subdue it!


Fang Yuan was overjoyed at this prey.


The Chainsaw Golden Centipede was an outstanding Gu worm. If he obtained it, it would be another strong method of attack.


But normally, even a rank four Gu Master would have to expend a lot of effort to subdue it.


Catching and killing were two different things, and the former was way harder than the latter.


Wild Gu worms were crafty, and if the Chainsaw Golden Centipede saw something amiss, it would burrow into the ground and escape. If a Gu Master did not have a burrowing method, how could they give chase?


But Fang Yuan had the Spring Autumn Cicada. As long as he surprised this Chainsaw Golden Centipede and released a hint of the Spring Autumn Cicada’s aura, it would cower and not dare to move.


The Spring Autumn Cicada was a rank six Gu, and its aura was extremely effective against rank one to rank four Gu worms. But against rank five Gu, its effects were limited, and against other rank six Gu, it would do nothing.


This phenomenon was very interesting, and in actuality, human society was the same.


People would envy, worship, and admire those who completely surpassed them. But if someone was only a bit better, they would dare to offend and compete with them.


I am only at rank two middle stage right now, so while it is possible to subdue this rank three Chainsaw Golden Centipede, it is too early, Fang Yuan assessed.


Rank two Gu Masters should use rank two Gu worms. Of course, it was possible to own rank three or even rank four Gu worms, but it was not common.


Firstly, the higher the rank, the more expensive it was to feed. Secondly, they were harder to use and required more primeval essence to activate. It was like a child trying to wield a sledgehammer. If they tried, they might pull a muscle or smash their own leg.


The deer has already alerted the entire colony. It will take ten to fifteen days for these centipedes to calm down. My test confirmed my guess, but it will be some time before I have the chance to strike. Why don’t I slow down and give it some time? It’s not something that can be rushed.


Fang Yuan closed the rock door and left the secret cave using the Stealth Scales Gu.


