Chapter 13: The Bamboo Forest Under the Moon, a Bead of Snow


Around three hundred years ago, an incredible genius appeared in the Gu Yue Clan. He was very talented and had already cultivated to rank five at a young age, and even had the possibility of going further. He was famous throughout Qing Mao Mountain, had a bright future, and was the pinnacle of hope and responsibility in the clan’s eyes.


In the history of the Gu Yue Clan, he was famous — the fourth clan head.


Unfortunately, he sacrificed himself to protect his people against the equally powerful rank five Gu Master, the demonic Flower Wine Monk. Even though he defeated the Flower Wine Monk after a fierce battle, he let the devil get on his knees and beg for mercy.


In the end, he was careless, and suffered the Flower Wine Monk’s sneak attack. The fourth head angrily executed the Flower Wine Monk, but due to his own injuries, he died an untimely death.


This tragic incident had been told again and again, becoming a popular story among the Gu Yue Clan. However, Fang Yuan knew that this story was not to be believed, because it had a very large flaw.


In his previous life, a month from now, a Gu Master who had been rejected by his lover lay down outside the village, a drunken mess. Due to the overflowing smell of wine, he ended up attracting a Liquor Worm.


The Gu Master chased after the Liquor Worm and found the remains of the Flower Wine Monk in a secret underground cave, along with his inheritance. This Gu Master quickly hurried back to the clan and told them of the matter, causing a huge stir.


As the storm gradually subsided, he also benefited from it — he obtained the Liquor Worm, his cultivation increased, his ex-lover returned to his side, and he became the talk of the village for a while.


When stories were passed down generation by generation, it was normal for them to change along the way. But in Fang Yuan’s memories, while the story of the Gu Master discovering the treasure seemed quite authentic, he had a feeling that it was hiding other truths.


I was not aware of it at first, but in the past few days while I searched and pondered, I felt that something was out of place. The night grew dark, and as Fang Yuan walked in the bamboo forest that grew around the village, he reviewed the clues he had so far in his head.


If I put myself in his shoes and think about it, if I were to discover the Flower Wine Monk’s treasure, why would I not take it all for myself? Why go and notify the clan instead? Don’t be naive and talk about the clan’s honor, everyone has greed in their hearts. What is it that would make that Gu Master betray his greedy heart, to the point of abandoning all interest and profit, and report this finding to the clan’s top brass?


The truth is always hidden in the fog of history. Fang Yuan racked his brain but he could not come to a conclusion. After all, he didn’t have enough clues. The only two he had could easily be false, so any guesses would be unreliable.


Fang Yuan could not help but think of his current situation. No matter what, after buying this jar of green bamboo wine, I only have two primeval stones left on me. If I can’t find the treasure, then I’ll be in grave trouble. Today shall be the final gamble, it’s all or nothing!


Even if he gave up now, he didn’t have enough primeval stones to refine a Gu worm in the first place. So why not invest it in this wine and increase his chances of success?


Other people would probably play it safe and save their primeval stones. But for Fang Yuan, the efficiency of doing so was too low. He would rather take the risk and gamble.


You see, those of the demonic path loved to take risks.


The night grew thicker. Overhead, the spring moon was shaped like a bow. Clouds obscured the moonlight, as if coating the crescent moon with a thin sheet of gossamer.


After three days and three nights of rain, the turbid air between the mountains had been washed away, leaving behind the purest freshness. The air was pure, like a blank canvas, ready to be dyed by the aroma of wine. That was the first reason why Fang Yuan was full of confidence tonight.


The previous seven days of searching were not without gain. At least, it proved that the Flower Wine Monk did not die in those places. This was the second reason for Fang Yuan’s confidence.


In the forest, the grass was luxuriant, the white flowers endless, and the green bamboo like a regiment of spears.


Fang Yuan opened the jar’s seal, and immediately a thick wine aroma spread. Green bamboo wine could be said to be Gu Yue Village’s number one wine. This was the third reason for Fang Yuan’s confidence tonight.


With these three reasons together, this is my best chance. It has to be tonight! Fang Yuan cheered in his heart as he slowly tilted the wine jar, pouring a small stream of wine, dripping it onto a stone. If those hunters saw this, they might gnash their teeth. This wine was worth two whole primeval stones, after all…


But Fang Yuan was indifferent.


The fragrant aroma quickly spread out into the night. The breeze was gentle, the smell floating about and contaminating the bamboo forest. Fang Yuan stood still, observing. He waited for a while, yet he did not see any movement.


All he heard was a nightingale crying in the near distance like a string of bells. His gaze was calm. He did not feel surprised, and he moved away, walking to a spot a few hundred meters away.


In this place, he did the same, pouring out a few drops of wine and waiting.


He did the same thing over and over again, moving away to a few other different locations, dripping wine a few times. After all that, only a bit of wine remained.


This is the last time, Fang Yuan sighed. He tipped the wine jar over, the bottom facing the sky. All the remaining wine left in the jar flowed out. The wine sprinkled over the grass, making it sway. The wildflowers were stained with wine, drooping slightly.


Fang Yuan stood with the last shred of hope in his bosom, and gazed about.


The night had already grown very deep. A thick cloud obscured the moonlight. The dark shadows were like a curtain, covering the bamboo grove. It was deathly silent all around, each strand of green spear bamboo standing alone, filling Fang Yuan’s vision with a series of vertical lines.


He stood quietly at that spot, listening to his own clear breathing. Then he felt the small hope that he still carried in his chest slowly dissipating away, becoming nothing.


I failed after all. Today I had three great advantages gathered together, yet I still failed. I didn’t even see the shadow of the Liquor Worm. This means that in the future, my chances will be lower. Right now I only have two primeval stones left, and I still need to refine the Moonlight Gu. I can’t risk it anymore.


The end result of taking a risk was often unsatisfactory. But when the result was ideal, the profit would be impressive. Fang Yuan liked taking risks, but he was not an addict, bent on gambling to recover what he’d lost. He had his own limits, and he knew his own capabilities.


Right now, his five hundred years of life experience were telling him that it was time to stop.


Sometimes life was like this. Often, there would be an outcome that seemed so perfect, it tempted you. It would be so close, yet after so many twists and turns, it was still out of reach. It would make you restless, unable to stop thinking about it.


This is the helplessness of life, but also the charm of living. Fang Yuan laughed bitterly, turning to walk away.


At that moment.


A gust of wind blew, lightly brushing away the clouds in the night sky like a gentle arm. The clouds parted to reveal the crescent moon, hanging in the sky like a white jade lamp, pouring moonlight that was clear as water down onto the earth. The moonlight spilled over the bamboo forest, spilled onto the mountain rock, bathed the rivers and streams, and flowed onto Fang Yuan.


He was dressed plainly, but under the gentle touch of the moonlight, his young face became fairer. The darkness faded away in a flash, and taking its place was a field of flowers seemingly bound in frost. As if it was infected by the moonlight, the nightingale began to sing once more, but this time it was not just one, but many. Scattered among the bamboo grove, they all tweeted in response.


At the same time, dragonpill crickets started singing a rustling song of life. They glowed with a faint red light, and at that moment they jumped out in droves, each of them flashing with the brilliance of red agate.


Fang Yuan felt as though these crickets were like jets of crimson water, bouncing about, landing on the green grass and wildflowers, prancing under the moonlight in the bamboo grove.


The bamboo forest was like a conscious pond; the green jade of the spear bamboo flashed brilliantly under the moonlight. With the enchanting sight of the dense trees and bright flowers in spring, Mother Nature was showing Fang Yuan her immense beauty.


He unconsciously stopped, feeling as if he stood in a heavenly land. He was already about to depart, but at that moment, he subconsciously looked around.


The clump of wildflowers and grass where he had poured the last dredges of wine trembled gently in the wind, remaining empty. Fang Yuan laughed at himself and he turned away once again.


However.


Unexpectedly, in the process of turning away, he saw a bead of white snow.


This bead was glued to a spear bamboo pole not far away. Under the moonlight, it was like a round pearl.


Fang Yuan’s eyes widened, his body trembling slightly. His heart pounded, faster and faster.


It was the Liquor Worm!


