Chapter 130: Clansmen Are Still More Reliable


Dark clouds covered the sky, casting shadows over the entirety of Qing Mao Mountain, seemingly signifying the coming of a storm.


On a remote hillside, a dozen lightning wolves bared their teeth and growled. They had surrounded Fang Yuan.


These wolves were healthy and strong, unlike the crippled wolves of the months before.


Any other Gu Master would be in desperate straits if they were caught alone and surrounded. However, the situation right now was quite the opposite.


Fang Yuan stood there, his expression calm. Instead, the lightning wolves that were surrounding him were slightly nervous and afraid.


The battle had already continued for a while and the ground was soaked with blood. Several lightning wolves had collapsed on the ground, a testament to Fang Yuan’s accomplishments so far.


Kill!


Fang Yuan took the initiative to attack even though he was the one surrounded. He kicked off the ground, pouncing towards a lightning wolf to his left.


The wolf shrank back in fear, but then its vicious instincts came to the fore: it leaped at him, snarling, revealing its sharp teeth.


Fang Yuan laughed loudly. He made no attempt to evade, instead swinging his right arm.


Whoosh.


A horizontal moonblade flew through the air and struck the lightning wolf’s open mouth. With a ripping noise, the unfortunate wolf was instantly cut in two, from mouth to tail, by the moonlight.


Boiling blood rained down on the earth.


Fang Yuan’s whole body flashed with white light as he charged through the bloody rain and rampaged within the wolf pack.


The lightning wolves reacted, attacking him from all sides. They bit and tore at him, but under the protection of the White Jade Gu, their teeth shattered and their claws failed.


Fang Yuan punched and kicked, and the lightning wolves were sent flying under his enormous strength. Some of them had their skulls smash and died on the spot. Fang Yuan had firmly grasped the upper hand in this battle.


But at the same time, he was quickly burning through his primeval essence.


Fang Yuan’s aptitude was only C grade and his cultivation was at rank two middle stage.


He looked at his declining primeval essence, but there were still several lightning wolves remaining. He had no choice but to activate another Gu: Stealth Scales!


His body seemed to ripple like water, and in the blink of an eye, there was no more trace of him.


The lightning wolves were at their wits’ end. They let out furious howls as they searched the area, but they couldn’t find him.


Fang Yuan had not gone far. He observed the lightning wolves while absorbing primeval essence from primeval stones and maintaining the concealment of the Stealth Scales Gu at the same time.


Lightning wolves had extraordinary eyesight, but lacked the sharp sense of smell of other canines. The Stealth Scales Gu just so happened to be their bane.


When Fang Yuan’s primeval essence had recovered to thirty percent, the lightning wolf pack begrudgingly began to leave.


Fang Yuan didn’t have a movement Gu worm, so if the lightning wolves really retreated, he would not be able to catch up to them. Thus, he removed the concealment of the Stealth Scales Gu and became visible.


Hooooowl!


The lightning wolves saw Fang Yuan and flew into a rage as though he had murdered their fathers, rushing at him.


Fang Yuan sneered. He waited till the wolves were in front of him, then he suddenly struck.


His right fist was covered with a layer of faint white light. The vicious punch landed on a lightning wolf’s lower back.


Crack. The unlucky wolf was sent flying, its lower back fractured.


It fell to the ground and struggled crazily, howling all the while, but it could no longer stand.


Fang Yuan had recovered sufficient primeval essence, and with his formidable fighting strength, he killed four more lightning wolves in a few moments.


The remaining wolves lost their fighting spirit and backed away from Fang Yuan in fear. With a whimper, they tucked their tails and escaped.


Fang Yuan didn’t chase after them.


The ground was filled with wolf corpses, his spoils of war. But Fang Yuan was cautious, he didn’t hurry to take the lightning wolves’ eyeballs.


Earth Communication Ear Grass!


He got down on his hands and knees, his right ear close to the earth. Roots grew out from the ear and pierced the soil.


In an instant, he could hear everything in a three hundred step radius.


Many sounds entered his ear, but there were no sounds of wolf packs or of other Gu Masters moving about.


It is safe for the moment. Fang Yuan let out a breath of relief. He took out a dagger and began to dig out the eyeballs of the lightning wolves.


He only handed over a small portion of the eyeballs he collected every time he went out and hid the rest.


If he turned in all of them, it would no doubt attract suspicion and even result in secret investigations. Fang Yuan wanted to prevent such inconveniences as much as possible.


He immediately left after finishing his work.


By the time he had killed two more wolf packs following the same strategy, the sky was already covered with thick dark clouds. Strong winds blew through the pine forests, making waves in the greenery and filling the air with the sound of rustling leaves.


Hoooowllll…


He could hear the faint howls of countless lightning wolves echoing on the wind.


Fang Yuan paled slightly; according to his previous life’s memories, today was the day the wolf tide truly broke out.


He used the Earth Communication Ear Grass again but didn’t hear the sound of approaching wolves.


He wasn’t surprised, and remained calm.


The lightning wolves were at least three hundred paces away. This distance, along with his own speed and his knowledge of the topography, sufficed to let him reach the village safely.


These lightning wolves are cunning, choosing to attack in such weather. The noise from the wind blowing through the forest will mask their movements to a great degree. Fang Yuan sighed as he sprinted towards the village.


After running for hundreds of meters, he bumped into a five-man team of Gu Masters.


“Look who it is, it’s Fang Yuan!” A young Gu Master in the group raised his eyebrows when he saw Fang Yuan and called out to him sarcastically.


He was Gu Yue Peng, one of Fang Yuan’s classmates. When they were both in the academy, he had suffered from Fang Yuan’s bullying and extortion.


Fang Yuan glanced at him indifferently before brushing past him without pausing, vanishing into the forest before Peng could speak again.


“Hey, wait up, you bastard!” Peng was stunned at this behavior, slowing down and feeling a bit suffocated for a moment.


He didn’t get the chance to ridicule Fang Yuan.


“Little Peng, come on. We need to hunt at least fifty lightning wolves today to preserve our rank on the battle merit board!” his captain said.


Peng immediately buried his resentment and followed the rest of his group.


My team is ranked seventy-five on the battle merit board, while Fang Yuan is somewhere in the two hundreds. The difference between us is like heaven and earth! I am also quite fortunate to have such a caring senior as captain. I’ve even taken advantage of the wolf tide to get battle merits and obtain a new Gu. My future is bright, how could Fang Yuan compare to me?


Peng calmed down as he thought about the situation, and even felt a little blessed.


In this world, what can one accomplish by fighting alone? Many hands make light work, and unity is the key to greater power. Clansmen are still more reliable! By borrowing the clan’s strength, we newbies can safely grow and develop. Fang Yuan is an idiot. He really thinks he’s some kind of hero. He only dealt with the River-Swallowing Toad by luck, and he is putting on airs. Although he has become a group captain, he hasn’t recruited any group members. Serves him right to be ranked last! Not that he could recruit anyone with that kind of personality.


Peng’s movement became more relaxed.


His team ran for a while, but strangely, they didn’t encounter any wolf packs.


Peng looked up. Though it was afternoon, the sky was already dusky as if it were evening.


The wind blew, and the dark clouds roiled above, brewing thunder and rain.


However, Peng was not afraid. A mocking smile appeared on his face as he thought, Hahaha, so Fang Yuan was rushing back because he was worried about this rainstorm? What a coward, what is there to be afraid of in a rainstorm?


At that moment, the captain’s face suddenly paled and he gasped, mouth wide open.


The other four naturally noticed. “Captain, what happened?”


In this particular team, the captain was responsible for reconnaissance. Although he was also a rank two Gu Master, his scouting Gu worm didn’t have as wide a radius as Fang Yuan’s Earth Communication Ear Grass.


He did not explain more; there was no time.


“Run, quick!” He shouted in terror. Amidst the other four’s astonished gazes, he turned around and ran.


“Follow the captain!!” The others were not foolish, they quickly reacted and broke into a run.


Hoooowllll!


A symphony of wolf howls grew behind them. From the sound of it, there were more than a thousand lightning wolves approaching!


Everyone in the group was pale. They breathed heavily as they used all their strength to run.


“Wait for me!” Peng sprinted with all he had, but was still falling behind; he began to panic and started screaming for help.


He could already feel the breath of the lightning wolves behind him.


But what made him despair was that the captain, who normally took such good care of him, didn’t even turn to look. His teammates, who used to pat their chests as they spoke of brotherhood and family, ignored his shouts.


Houuu!


Peng suddenly heard a wolf howl right next to him.


In the next moment, he felt an enormous force press down on his back and knock him down.


He tumbled to the ground; the fall had made him dizzy.


He subconsciously turned around to try to resist.


Boom!


Lightning snaked through the air.


The darkness was cast away in the flash of light, revealing a massive wolf. It was twice the size of the others, the hair on its body standing upright. It opened its mouth, revealing its sharp, silver-white fangs.


Peng’s pupils shrank to the size of pins, a single thought filling his mind: Hundred beast king!


The total size of the wolf packs on Qing Mao Mountain was enormous. Not only were there three myriad beast kings, there were dozens of hundred beast kings and thousand beast kings.


In the very next second, the beast king opened its jaws wide. With a crack, it bit down, tearing Peng’s head off.


Fresh blood and brain matter splashed on the ground. The wolf lowered its head and began to drink the blood spilling out from the corpse’s neck and gnaw at the fatty meat of its flesh.


Countless lightning wolves came from behind it and rushed ahead.


The rumbling of countless paws continued incessantly.


The rain began to pour down in torrents.


The true wolf tide had begun!


