Chapter 1306: Immortal Gu Reputation Restriction


Among them was an Immortal Gu called Reputation Restriction, it was a rare information path rank seven Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan was very interested.


After all, he was too weak in terms of information path, it was greatly restricting his development.


Reputation restriction Immortal Gu had an incredible effect.


After it was used, it would turn into a rope to restrict any desolate beast or desolate plant, and even ancient desolate beasts or ancient desolate plants.


Indeed, even though it was an information path Immortal Gu, it had an enslavement path effect.


It was very special and unique.


What moved Fang Yuan was, this reputation restriction Immortal Gu’s effect varied according to its owner’s reputation.


This suited Fang Yuan very well.


Be it Fang Yuan himself or Liu Guan Yi, they were characters who shook all five regions, they were widely known. In recent times, who had the most prominent reputation? It was none other than Fang Yuan!


“But…”


“My information path attainment level is ordinary, even if I get this reputation restriction Immortal Gu, what use is it?”




“Enslaving ancient desolate beasts and desolate plants is not useful to me. Only if I can enslave an immemorial desolate beast.”


“And just this rank seven Immortal Gu Reputation Restriction will be impossible to enslave immemorial desolate beasts with. The only possibility is to use it as a core to create an immortal killer move.”


“But that will take forever. My information path and enslavement path attainment levels are not at grandmaster. Regarding immemorial desolate beasts or plants, grandmaster attainment level is already very limited.”


Fang Yuan thought about it, he did not exchange it, he kept vajra thought Immortal Gu.


This choice surprised Wu Yong a little.


“I made some gains in Eastern Sea, from now on, the divination tortoise transformation that uses wisdom path will be my main cultivation.” Fang Yuan explained.


This was in preparation for him using divination tortoise transformation in the future.


Wu Yong nodded: “I called you here for an additional matter.”


Fang Yuan was calm: “Please tell me.”


Wu Yong smiled bitterly: “The Frosty Peak that my clan controls is targeted by Xia clan. There are some historical reasons, they are all recorded in this information path mortal Gu. Brother, I hope you can help defend Frosty Peak for our clan.”




“I am willing to solve your problem, brother.” Fang Yuan agreed before accepting the information path mortal Gu, inspecting it.


Fang Yuan’s attitude made Wu Yong very pleased.


Fang Yuan looked at the information in the Gu worm, he understood this matter.


As it turned out, after Immortal Yan Huang defeated Wu Yu Bo, Xia clan obtained Moon Bowl, becoming the greatest beneficiary. Thereafter, other super forces went to trouble Wu clan. After Xia clan gained this profit, they decided to continue plotting against Wu clan, to obtain greater gains for the clan.


This time, they targeted Frosty Peak.


Frosty Peak was not Wu clan’s resource point originally, it belonged to a lone cultivator Gu Immortal.


Very long ago, this lone immortal sought help from Wu clan, and Wu clan wanted his territory, but the lone immortal did not want to give it away.


After a long and arduous negotiation, the lone immortal lent this place to Wu clan for several hundred years.


More than a hundred years later, this lone immortal died from tribulation, this Frosty Peak officially became Wu clan’s property, it had great production output each year.


Xia clan was able to request for it because they found a descendant of this lone immortal.


The lone immortal’s descendant wanted Wu clan to return Frosty Peak, this was very reasonable, there was undeniable evidence.


With Xia clan’s backing, they created a lot of commotion, attempting to take back Frosty Peak by creating a ruckus.


“The lone immortal’s descendant is a mortal Gu Master, they actually dare to challenge Wu clan.”


“Xia clan has many wisdom path Gu Immortals, they are good at plotting.”


“But this time, I must defend Frosty Peak. This is the best chance for me to display my strength. Wu Yong does not want me to go to the super Gu formation, he is afraid I cannot suppress the situation if I have inferior strength.”


Fang Yuan received the mission, but he did not set off urgently.


He knew: Even though he was strong, his methods could not be exposed. Divination tortoise transformation was good at defense but lacked offense, thankfully, he had vajra thought Immortal Gu, but he had to deduce that new immortal killer move first.


Thus, for more than ten days afterwards, Fang Yuan stayed inside his house, trying to deduce and modify the immortal killer move.


This was not a peaceful time.


Xia clan saw that Wu clan did not move and repeatedly urged them, spreading the news everywhere.


Wu clan faced great pressure, Wu Yong also came to urge Fang Yuan, but he stalled for time.


“No rush.”


“If we do not show up, Xia clan cannot take over Frosty Peak by force.”


“Xia clan is causing a commotion? It is no problem, let them make a scene, we will remain unmoved.”


“Be steady, when I was a secluded cultivator in Eastern Sea, I learned that this was the meaning of life.”


“Be slower, the slower we work, the better the results.”


Fang Yuan gave a lot of reasons, he had a reply to everything.


In the end, even Wu Yong became anxious, Wu Yi Hai did not face much pressure, but as the head of Wu clan, his pressure was getting heavier by the day.


“The clan’s affairs are my affairs.”


“Since this is entrusted to me, I will definitely succeed, I will not let you down, brother, I will meet your expectations.”


Fang Yuan still willfully did things his way.


Wu Yong had no choice, he had no more Gu Immortals to send.


Only when Fang Yuan deduced the immortal killer move and experimented with it successfully did he start to leave, heading towards Frosty Peak.


Wu Yong let out a sigh of relief.


Xia clan had been focusing on Wu clan all along, the moment Fang Yuan moved, they received news of it.


On Frosty Peak.


“Wu clan sent Wu Yi Hai this time.” Rank six wisdom path Gu Immortal Xia Zhuo Mo spoke.


“This Frosty Peak is on par with Moon Bowl, Wu clan did not send Wu Yu Bo or Wu Zhen here? This is a terrible move.” Rank seven Gu Immortal Xia Fei Kuai could not believe it.


Xia Zhuo Mo thought about it: “Wu clan has nobody to send anymore. Wu Yu Bo is a prideful person, after losing to Immortal Yan Huang, unless he can kill Immortal Yan Huang and regain his reputation, he would not come out of seclusion. As for Wu Zhen, he is busy defending Phoenix Peak, how can he leave? During this period, all the different phoenix birds are going there to produce their eggs.”


“Hahaha. Wu Yong has no choice, he sent Wu Yi Hai after having no other alternatives. How is this person’s battle strength?” Xia Fei Kuai asked.


Xia Zhuo Mo thought about it: “His battle strength is unclear, he used to be a secluded cultivator in Eastern Sea, there is little information on him. But he could escape threats and return to Wu clan, he can defend himself. Recently, he saved Wu Yu Bo and used a divination tortoise transformation, due to a coincidence, he managed to counter Lord Xia Qing Cang’s scattering mind.”


Saying this, he smiled bitterly: “The divination tortoise has naturally defense against wisdom path methods, against him, I may not be of use. It will depend on you.”


Xia Zhuo Mo was a rank six wisdom path Gu Immortal, while Xia Fei Kuai was a rank seven light path Gu Immortal.


The latter laughed: “I see that this Wu Yi Hai is stalling for so much time, he has no confidence. Don’t worry, I will go ahead and suppress this person, after we take down Frosty Peak, our Xia clan’s territory will expand, this will be a huge merit!”




