Chapter 1307: Four Seasons Tea


The sky was dark, it was drizzling.


Fang Yuan flew to the sky, mist surrounding him.


“I’m here.” At his will, he descended as the mist in his vision vanished, showing the land.


Southern Border had many mountains, Fang Yuan was above many mountains, it was a scene of greenery.


In this sea of greenery, Frosty Peak was unique, it was completely white and different in height, standing out from the rest.


At the apex of Frosty Peak, there was a mortal Gu House, at the entrance of the Gu House, Xia clan’s two Gu Immortals, Xia Zhuo Mo and Xia Fei Kuai, had already sensed Fang Yuan’s arrival.


Fang Yuan was here to negotiate, he did not purposely conceal his presence.


It was normal for the two Xia clan Gu Immortals to notice him at once.


“He is finally here. This Wu Yi Hai is really amazing, he took half a month to travel on a three day route.” Xia Fei Kuai frowned deeply.


“Forget it, he’s here, let’s go.” Xia Zhuo Mo smiled.


The two sides met in the sky.




Both sides were smiling, they had a grand demeanor, after all, they were representing two super forces.


The two Xia clan Gu Immortals assessed Wu Yi Hai, thinking: “He looks really similar to Wu Du Xiu.”


Fang Yuan was also assessing these two Gu Immortals, Xia Fei Kuai was rank seven, he was the person in charge of this negotiation.


According to Wu clan’s information, Xia Fei Kuai was a rash and resolute person, he had great battle strength. Meanwhile, Xia Zhuo Mo was a wisdom path Gu Immortal who considered many aspects and liked to think deeply.


Xia Zhuo Mo’s personality had to do with his childhood experiences, whenever he encountered an important situation, he would think about the possibilities over and over.


Meanwhile, Xia Fei Kuai’s personality was the backlash of a certain immortal killer move that he had tried to use.


This was the first time both sides were meeting, Xia clan’s Gu Immortals led Fang Yuan to the apex of Frosty Peak.


“Please enter for some tea.” The two Gu Immortals acted like the hosts of the place, as if they were declaring their ownership, the contest had already begun, but Fang Yuan was unmoved, as if he did not sense it.


He smiled as he sat down, drinking.


“The tea is not bad.” After one sip, he praised.




Xia Zhuo Mo smiled: “This is our Xia clan’s four seasons tea, our first supreme elder had created it personally. With one sip, you will taste four different flavors, making people feel the four seasons of spring, autumn, summer, and winter. Therefore, it is called four seasons tea.”


Xia clan first supreme elder was a time path great expert, the four seasons tea that she created showed her incredible attainment in time path.


Xia clan’s Gu Immortals used this tea to assert dominance, but after Fang Yuan drank it, his smile intensified.


“This is a great tea, I wonder if you have any extra. I would like to ask for a few more portions, may I have them?” Fang Yuan smiled as he squinted.


The two Xia clan Gu Immortals looked at each other.


Xia Zhuo Mo thought: This Wu Yi Hai is really greedy. However, even if they were enemies, their righteous path demeanor was important. Furthermore, politics was always changing, right now, everyone was opposing Wu clan, but maybe they would soon have to cooperate with Wu clan.


Xia Zhuo Mo decided and was about to speak, when Xia Fei Kuai said: “Whatever! This is nothing much, we have a lot of four seasons tea, if you want them, you can have them.”


Saying this, he gave out over ten portions of four seasons tea.


“Then I will accept it.” Fang Yuan laughed heartily, receiving the tea leaves.


Xia Fei Kuai quickly added: “Let’s talk about Frosty Peak.”


Fang Yuan raised his cup and sipped slowly, before putting it down as he said: “Please tell me.”


Xia Fei Kuai quickly spoke, his mouth opened and closed rapidly: “This matter takes very long to explain. Since we all know the origin, let’s cut to the chase, Little Zhang, come out.”


As he said that, a rank five Gu Master walked out of a door inside the Gu House.


“This descendant of Zhang San Feng, Zhang Kai Zui, greets the three immortals.” This Gu Master was old and had white hair, he greeted the three immortals without excessive reverence.


“This Little Zhang’s bloodline is absolutely correct. Come, come, come, Wu Yi Hai, quickly test it.” Xia Fei Kuai left his seat, walking to Zhang Kai Zui and pulling his arm, bringing him to Fang Yuan with an expression that seemed to be in a hurry.


Zhang San Feng was that lone cultivator Gu Immortal who was the owner of Frosty Peak.


Of course, Zhang San Feng was not his original name, it was sort of a title 1 . Because he owned three mystical peaks, Frosty Peak was one of them.


His real name was unknown, ever since he appeared, he had never revealed his true name, only mentioning his surname of Zhang. As a result, everyone called him Zhang San Feng. Even his bloodline descendants did not know his true name.


Fang Yuan knew this, Wu clan’s information was quite comprehensive.


But he suddenly waved his hand, acting confused: “Wait, who is this Gu Master?”


Xia Fei Kuai was stunned.


Zhang Kai Zui was about to speak, when Xia Fei Kuai said: “He is Zhang Kai Zui, he introduced himself earlier, we all know it.”


“I know he is named Zhang Kai Zui.” Fang Yuan nodded.


But he paused and drank tea, continuing: “But what does this mortal Gu Master have to do with Frosty Peak?”


“It is like this, his ancestor Zhang San Feng had once…” Xia Fei Kuai added.


“Wait.” Fang Yuan stopped him: “Who is Zhang San Feng?”


Xia Fei Kuai was stunned: “Wu Yi Hai, after so long, you have no idea who Zhang San Feng is?”


Fang Yuan gave an embarrassed looking smile: “The clan wants me to protect Frosty Peak, but I arrived in a hurry, I have no idea what the cause of all this is. Please do not mind it.”


Xia Fei Kuai thought: “You arrived in a hurry, reaching here after half a month. That’s arriving in a hurry?”


He thought that, but he spoke politely: “Then let me tell you the reason.”


“I am listening.”


Xia Fei Kuai spoke rapidly, he explained the historical reason in the blink of an eye.


Fang Yuan drank his tea and nodded.


Xia Fei Kuai said: “Are you clear now?”


Fang Yuan placed down his cup, standing up from his seat and cupping his fists at Xia Fei Kuai.


Xia Fei Kuai had no idea why Fang Yuan was cupping his fists, it was a bit out of nowhere, but they were in the righteous path, a polite demeanor was everything, no matter what, he had to cup his fists in return.


Next, he saw that Fang Yuan smiled again in embarrassment.


Fang Yuan said: “Thank you for telling me that, but it was described too quickly, I could only understand the story roughly, I did not understand a lot of it. Can you tell me again?”


“Again?” Xia Zhuo Mo, who was beside him, frowned.


Xia Fei Kuai did not repeat it once again, he said: “Which part are you unsure about? I can explain that to you.”


His tone was unhappy.




