Chapter 1308: Shameless!


Fang Yuan seemed to have not noticed, he smiled: “The first line, I did not hear it clearly.”


Xia Fei Kuai explained it.


Fang Yuan nodded: “And the second line…”


Xia Fei Kuai frowned.


Fang Yuan continued: “I did not hear it clearly either.”


Xia Fei Kuai repeated it and said in an unhappy tone: “Is there anything else?”


“The third line…” Fang Yuan said.


Xia Fei Kuai’s eyes were about to bulge out, he said directly: “Pardon my words, but did you not hear the first three sentences? Are you toying with us?”


“Please, you have misunderstood.” Fang Yuan waved his hands: “The third line…”


“I heard it clearly.”


Xia Zhuo Mo’s expression turned dark.




Xia Fei Kuai’s brows were lifted high, his eyes were popping, rage showed on his face: “Then what do you want?”


Fang Yuan said: “Actually, the fourth line…”


Xia Fei Kuai waved his hand: “I will say it again, listen closely and carefully.”


He talked about it again, this time, he said it very slowly, word by word, it was crystal clear.


Fang Yuan stood up and cupped his fists at Xia Fei Kuai again.


Xia Fei Kuai felt perplexed, he had a bad feeling but he quickly cupped his fists.


He spoke calmly: “Are you clear on it now?”


“Clear, it’s clear now. Thank you for explaining, everything makes sense now. Oh, so that is what happened.” Fang Yuan patted his forehead, sitting down.


“Thus, your clan has to return Frosty Peak, it is the logical thing to do. Our Xia clan is upholding justice, this Zhang Kai Zui is without doubt the descendant of Zhang San Feng, please test it.” Xia Fei Kuai requested again.


But Fang Yuan only took a glance at Zhang Kai Zui before smiling as he waved his hand: “No rush, no rush.”




“What is it that do you not understand now?” Xia Fei Kuai’s expression was grim, he asked in a dark tone.


“I have troubled you for the description, but was the situation really like this? I cannot confirm it.” Fang Yuan said.


Xia Fei Kuai was about to laugh from anger: “I am speaking the truth, you can go ahead and seek verification!”


“Haha.” Fang Yuan laughed, clapping his hands together: “You are a straight talker, I will seek verification from my clan.”


Saying this, he shut his eyes, as if his consciousness had entered his immortal aperture, to use his information path methods.


After a long time, Fang Yuan did not open his eyes.


Xia Fei Kuai urged him: “Wu Yi Hai, are you done?”


Fang Yuan opened his eyes, he smiled in embarrassment: “Brother is too busy with his work, let’s wait a while.”


Regarding a rank eight Gu Immortal, Xia Fei Kuai could not say anything, so Xia Zhuo Mo interjected: “Lord Wu Yong is busy indeed, he has no choice. But Wu Yi Hai, you may ask other Wu clan Gu Immortals for verification.”


Fang Yuan immediately laughed, giving Xia Zhuo Mo a thumbs up: “Worthy of a wisdom path Gu Immortal indeed, good idea!”


This praise made Xia Zhuo Mo’s expression freeze.


Next, Fang Yuan said: “But I am not close with any other Gu Immortal. Do you have any recommendations?”


“Recommend your sister!” Xia Fei Kuai was listening by the side, he shouted out of anger.


“My sister? I only have an elder brother, I have no sister. You must have remembered wrongly?” Fang Yuan smiled while squinting.


“…” Xia Fei Kuai was speechless.


He looked at Xia Zhuo Mo, they communicated with their gazes, they could tell that Fang Yuan was wasting time.


“To think that Wu clan actually sent such a person over! They are too shameless!” Xia Fei Kuai was filled with anger.


He wanted to negotiate properly, but Fang Yuan refused.


And because they were righteous path characters, Xia Fei Kuai could not go overboard.


Seeing Fang Yuan’s smiling appearance, he really wanted to throw out a punch and send Fang Yuan plummeting to the ground.


“Don’t be anxious, don’t be angry, you will fall for his trap. This person is very experienced, he is purposely angering us so we will expose a flaw.” Xia Zhuo Mo quickly urged.


Xia Fei Kuai could only breath roughly, taking in huge breaths.


Fang Yuan spoke as he looked at Xia Fei Kuai seriously: “Do I really have a sister? Please let me know.”


Xia Fei Kuai: “…”


He took in a few more breaths before he said: “No, it was a slip of the tongue, please do forgive me.”


“Oh? Is that so.” Fang Yuan nodded, saying in concern: “I see that your tongue is dry, and your chest is moving rapidly, it seems you have symptoms of getting a fever. You need to drink tea, otherwise you will get sick. In fact, this four seasons tea is great, you should take a few more sips.”


Xia Zhuo Mo: “…”


Xia Fei Kuai screamed: “Drink what, we are talking about important business!”


Fang Yuan had a solemn expression: “Friend, that is not the right attitude, what do you mean important business? Is being concerned about your health not important business? This Frosty Peak is just a resource point, these are just resources. You cannot fall ill just because of these resources, you will harm yourself.”


He urged heartfully, but it seemed to be adding fuel to the fire, Xia Fei Kuai slammed the table angrily.


“Wu Yi Hai!” He screamed: “Don’t think that you can deceive us like this, and keep Frosty Peak for your Wu clan. Hmph!”


Fang Yuan’s expression quickly changed, saying sincerely: “What are you trying to say? I am innocent. We have to follow the rules for Frosty Peak’s matter. This is Zhang San Feng’s possession, if this Zhang Kai Zui is a true descendant, we will return it. On behalf of Wu clan, we will do this fair and square, we will not be corrupt, and ruin the rules of the righteous path just for some benefits!”


“You are an understanding person.” Xia Zhuo Mo smiled forcefully, saying with deep intentions.


Xia Fei Kuai frowned, he stopped shouting, he said: “That’s right, quickly test his bloodline, Zhang Kai Zui really is Zhang San Feng’s descendant!”


“No rush, no rush.” Fang Yuan smiled and started to drink tea: “Let me seek verification from my clan first, it is not that I do not trust you, but this is a major task, I do not dare to decide recklessly on my own.”


“Then quickly verify it!” Xia Fei Kuai shouted.


“But brother Wu Yong has not responded.” Fang Yuan looked troubled.


“Then find others!” Xia Fei Kuai shouted.


Fang Yuan slapped his own leg: “That is right, but I just returned to the clan, I do not know anyone else. I am not sure who to find for verification. Earlier, I asked you two to help me, but you gave me no help, I am very troubled too.”


Once he said that, the two Xia clan Gu Immortals were shocked, they looked at each other.


After such a long time, giving so many excuses, it was now Xia clan’s fault?!


The rank five Gu Master Zhang Kai Zui listened as he stared at Fang Yuan with wide opened eyes.


This was… the demeanor of a Gu Immortal?


He was shameless to the max.


Zhang Kai Zui was awestruck, his good impression of Gu Immortals had shattered completely.


“Forget it, I can tell now, this person is clearly stalling for time.” Xia Zhuo Mo transmitted.


“Stalling for what?” Xia Fei Kuai asked.


“Evidently, Wu clan has no justification here, they are in a passive spot. Wu Yi Hai has to continue wasting time here by giving all sorts of excuses. When Wu clan is no longer so tight on manpower, they will be able to deal with us, it will be difficult then. Let alone other matters, when the phoenix birds lay their eggs, Wu Zhen will be free to come here. If he comes, the situation will be different.” Xia Zhuo Mo analyzed.


“You are right. What do we do? This Wu Yi Hai is stalling for time, but he speaks so justifiably, we have no way of finding problems with him. There are many ways to stall for time. For example, he needs time to verify this, and he also needs time to test his identity. Then what about after he tests Zhang Kai Zui’s bloodline? Will he ask if Zhang San Feng only has one descendant? All these questions will be endless if he wants to bring them up!” Xia Fei Kuai realized the severity of the problem.


“I have a plan.” Xia Zhuo Mo said.


“What plan?” Xia Fei Kuai asked quickly.


Xia Zhuo Mo answered, as Xia Fei Kuai became overjoyed, he quickly turned to look at Fang Yuan: “Wu Yi Hai, I have long since heard that you are extremely strong, you are the glory of Wu clan. I would like to represent Xia clan and challenge you to a spar!”




