Chapter 131: Loneliness Is the Deepest Darkness


The rain fell down in torrents, and lightning snaked through the sky. The storm lasted the whole night.


Fang Yuan lay on his bed, listening to the shouts of Gu Masters outside his house and the sound of their footsteps in the rain.


He narrowed his eyes, visions of his past life flashing through his mind.


In his previous life during the wolf tide, he was still a rank one Gu Master. As part of the logistics team, he hid within the village and managed to get through it with his life.


But this time, he was already rank two middle stage, and well on his way to upper stage. Thus, he would be required to resist the wolf tide through the night like the other Gu Masters.


They have to fight off the lightning wolves with no visibility in the pouring rain. Truly torture.


He did not go to his rented apartment, and had instead holed up in the inn.


If Fang Yuan went to his apartment, someone would find him and he would definitely be forced to participate.


The elders have definitely underestimated this wolf tide. The correct method would be to hide in the village and defend to the end. Unfortunately, they are blinded by past experiences… Fang Yuan stretched out comfortably on the bed.


Outside the window, the rain splattered and thunder rumbled.


On the streets, the sounds of Gu Masters rushing and shouting never ceased.


For a time, the howling of wolves was very close to the village.


It was destined to be a sleepless night.


Whether it was the Gu Masters who were risking their lives fighting, or the mortals shivering in the village, or even Fang Yuan, who had naturally awoken after sleeping until midnight.


He did not get up. He opened his eyes in the darkness while lying on his bed.


The sounds outside the window entered his ears. He could imagine the life and death battles amidst the thunderstorm. Gu Masters and wolf packs were performing their roles on an extraordinarily lively stage. They were displaying the essence of life.


Life was like a play, and this show promised to be a good one. But Fang Yuan had no intention to join the act.


On the contrary, he felt a sense of inexplicable loneliness.


Boundless loneliness.


It was not because he was a transmigrator, or a reincarnator, or the fact that he carried an unspeakable secret.


But because everyone was born lonely!


Humans were like isolated islands, floating in the sea of fate.


Human encounters were like the collision of these islands. Once they touched, something would happen.


Sometimes, the islands would stick together, in the name of “interest”, “kinship”, “friendship”, “love”, or “hate”.


But eventually, they would separate, floating on the path of destruction.


This was the truth behind life.


Unfortunately, people were afraid of being alone. They craved the liveliness of human company, and they refused to do nothing with their time.


Because once they faced loneliness, it meant facing pain and hardship.


But once they could face this pain, they would obtain talent and courage. Thus, there was a saying: outstanding people were definitely lonely.


This is the feeling of being lonely. Every time I savor it, it strengthens my resolve to pursue the demonic path! Fang Yuan’s eyes gleamed as he thought of «The Legends of Ren Zu».


•••


It was said that Ren Zu obtained Attitude Gu. It was like a mask, and without a heart, Ren Zu couldn’t wear it.


Because before this, Ren Zu had given his heart to Hope Gu, and from then on, he never feared difficulty.


But if Ren Zu wanted to use Attitude Gu, he needed to have a heart.


Ren Zu was troubled. He asked Attitude Gu, “Oh Gu, you know my problem. They say ‘attitude says it all’, thus I have come to you for advice.”


Attitude Gu replied, “This is not hard. Ren Zu, you lack a heart, so you just have to find a new one.”


Ren Zu was confused. “But how can I find a new heart?”


Attitude Gu sighed. “The heart is nowhere and everywhere. Finding a heart is both easy and difficult. In your case, you can obtain a heart right now.”


Ren Zu was overjoyed. “Quickly, tell me, how?”


Attitude Gu warned him, “This heart is called loneliness. Human, are you sure you want it? Once you obtain it, you will face endless pain and fear!”


But Ren Zu did not listen, he continued to ask how he could get it.


Attitude Gu could not defy Ren Zu’s orders. Eventually, it answered, “You only have to stare at the sky on a starry night, and say nothing. When the light of day breaks, you will obtain a heart of loneliness.”


That night, the sky was full of stars.


According to Attitude Gu’s instructions, Ren Zu sat alone at the mountain peak, staring at the night sky.


His life before now was very difficult. He spent his days struggling to survive and had no time to admire the beautiful, mysterious sky.


But now, as he stared at that starry canopy, his thoughts began wandering. He thought about himself, a meager and weak little existence, living a life of constant fear and insecurity.


He sighed. Although I have Hope Gu, Strength Gu, Rules and Regulations Gu, and Attitude Gu, survival is as difficult as ever. No one would be surprised if I died tomorrow. Will the world remember me? Will anyone rejoice over my existence, and grieve over my death?


Ren Zu shook his head.


In this world, he was the only human. How could there be others?


Even with his Gu accompanying him, he still felt a strong sense of —


Loneliness.


A heart of loneliness!


At that moment, when Ren Zu felt lonely, his body suddenly formed a brand new heart.


The sun rose from the horizon and shone on his face, but Ren Zu felt no happiness. Only endless pain, despair, confusion, and even fear.


He could not endure it, for all he felt was the advent of darkness and doom!


He wailed in pain, stretching out his fingers and digging out his eyes.


His left eye fell to the ground and transformed into a young man. He had golden hair and a strong body. Once he appeared, he kneeled at Ren Zu’s feet. “Oh Ren Zu, my father, I am your first-born son, Verdant Great Sun.”


His right eye turned into a young girl, and she clasped Ren Zu’s hand. “Oh Ren Zu, my father, I am your second-born daughter, Desolate Ancient Moon.”[1]


Ren Zu laughed loudly, tears flowing out of his empty sockets. “Good, good, good! I have children now, I can finally endure the pain of my heart of loneliness. From now on, there will be someone to celebrate my existence and grieve for my death. Even if I die now, you will remember me.


“It’s only that…” he sighed. “I lost both my eyes, and can no longer see the light. From now on, you two shall observe this world for me.”


•••


The rain did not let up until dawn.


Fang Yuan left the inn. The mood on the streets was heavy.


Last night, the clan suffered great losses.


In fact, all three clans on Qing Mao Mountain did; none of them had escaped.


Fang Yuan could tell from seeing the merit board.


In a single night, twenty-five teams had disappeared, sacrificed to the wolf tide. Even if there were any survivors of those groups, they were injured or crippled.


Gu Yue Peng’s group was among them.


Over the next two weeks, the situation worsened by the day.


At first, it was just hundred beast king Bold Lightning Wolves, but soon after, reports came in that there were thousand beast king Frenzy Lightning Wolves as well!


The rank two Gu Masters on the front lines grew frightened.


If they met a Frenzy Lightning Wolf, they would need at least three groups to cooperate to deal with it, and that was without counting the normal wolves that would accompany them.


The three clans had to send out their rank three elders to deal with them.


In this situation, a Gu Master’s days became very dangerous and long.


Even with the Stealth Scales Gu, Fang Yuan had to be careful and meticulous. After all, he might encounter a beast king with a Lightning Eye Gu.


The good news was that he had already paid the price to use the Earth Communication Ear Grass.


This investigative Gu’s range was very large, allowing him to avoid the larger wolf packs.


Eventually, the weather grew warmer as July came to an end. Even though the situation was not optimistic, under the cooperation of the three clans, it was under control.


•••


Somewhere on the mountainside.


Three Gu Masters, who had already experienced an intense battle, were facing off against a Bold Lightning Wolf that had just arrived.


The aura of death was impending.


“Damn it, I don’t have enough primeval essence! If I had even 30%, we wouldn’t be in this situation!” The group’s captain, Xiong Zhan, spat out a mouthful of blood as he stared at the Bold Lightning Wolf. It was approaching slowly, like a cat stalking a mouse.


“We’re surrounded by mountain walls on all sides, we have nowhere to go. What do we do?” a group member asked with a pale expression.


“What else can we do but hope for reinforcements? I heard Lord Bai Ning Bing from my clan has come out of closed cultivation and is rushing into battle.”


Originally, two groups from both the Xiong and Bai Clans had been cooperating against the wolf tide, but now only three people were left.


“Rather than relying on someone who’s nowhere to be found, I’d rather fight for a chance to survive!” Xiong Zhan gritted his teeth. “The reason why beast kings are so dangerous is because of the Gu on their bodies. I have a Plunder Gu, it can steal a Gu worm from my target. But it requires some time, and while I’m using it, I cannot move. You’ll have to protect me.”


“Okay!” The other two looked at each other and stood in front of Xiong Zhan, blocking the path of the Bold Lightning Wolf.


Even though they knew that there was little hope, they weren’t willing to resign themselves to death.


“If I am successful, we have a chance to live! Heaven bless us!” Xiong Zhan set his jaw and raised his right arm.


Life and death depended on this!


The three humans and one wolf did not know that, high above them on the cliff, a white-haired, white-clothed young man was observing.


“Life is so boring…” He sat on the ground, one hand propping himself up, while the other was raising a wine bottle to his lips.


What filled it was not wine, but sweet mountain springwater. He did not care for wine.


As the young man drank, he stared at the show before him.


Fight and die. Your ordinary lives are too boring. Only with an intense battle like this can they have a hint of excitement and color. This way, your lives have some meaning.


He laughed lightly in his heart, not showing any inclination to help.


Even if he had the ability, even if his fellow Bai clansman was in trouble.


So what?


To him, loneliness was the deepest darkness, and the light of kinship was just a facade.


He, Bai Ning Bing, would not do something as boring as saving someone!


* * *


[1]. Verdant Great Sun – 太日阳莽 (Tai Ri Yang Mang). Desolate Ancient Moon – 古月阴荒 (Gu Yue Yin Huang). Ren Zu’s children are quite special, and thus have translated names. Notably, the “Gu Yue” in Desolate Ancient Moon is the same as in the Gu Yue Clan.


