Chapter 132: Three Step Fragrant Grass


Bai Ning Bing watched from the clifftop with interest.

Before him, a life and death battle was on full display.

The Bold Lightning Wolf made its move, slowly approaching.

Two Gu Masters blocked its path with grim expressions.

Behind them, Xiong Zhan knelt on the ground, his left hand grabbing his right wrist, his right hand in the shape of a claw, aiming at the approaching wolf.

Suddenly, he shouted, “Plunder Gu!” All the primeval essence in his body gushed into it.

An invisible suction force erupted.

Xiong Zhan’s right hand grabbed the air, and it felt as though he had grasped a Gu worm.

But it struggled and fought against him.

This suction was incredibly strong; he had made his center of gravity very low, but he still felt as though an incredible weight was dragging him forward.

Plunder Gu’s success rate is very low, but I must succeed this time! Otherwise, we’re doomed! He gritted his teeth as veins bulged on his forehead. He was trying with all his might. There was no other way.

Failure meant death!

Under the pressure of death, he infused the Plunder Gu with all the primeval essence he could muster. The Gu in his palm responded by increasing its suction. The Bold Lightning Wolf felt something amiss and howled as it attacked in a frenzy.

The two Gu Masters barely managed to hold the beast back.

Just when Xiong Zhan felt that his plunder was going to succeed, his expression changed.

“Damn it, not enough primeval essence!” He suddenly vomited blood as his body became weak. One of the flaws of the Plunder Gu was that the user would receive backlash if they failed to steal a Gu.

Howl!

Without the Plunder Gu’s restriction, the Bold Lightning Wolf opened its mouth, and started to howl.

The Gu worm that lived within it used its ability, and the beast’s teeth shone with lightning.

The blue electricity built up and finally shot out from its mouth.

The lightning passed between the defending Gu Masters, aiming for the kneeling Xiong Zhan.

He did not even have time to cry out before he was struck. In an instant, he became nothing but a piece of human-shaped, charred black meat.

“Run!” The remaining two Gu Masters no longer had any fighting spirit. They split up and ran in different directions.

The Bold Lightning Wolf chased after one of them and pounced, tearing out his throat.

The final Gu Master, who was from the Bai Clan, found his path blocked once again by the wolf and he was forced back towards the cliff.

“Ahhhhh! I’m going to die!” he screamed in despair, his back to the cliff.

But suddenly he stopped; he saw Bai Ning Bing above him.

“Lord Bai Ning Bing! Lord Bai Ning Bing, is that really you?” He was stunned, but then started shouting, overjoyed.

“Oops, you found me.” Bai Ning Bing laughed and raised his right hand.

He pointed at the Gu Master with his index finger. An icicle formed instantly and shot out.

It pierced all the way through the Gu Master’s skull, the tip visibly sticking out below his chin.

“Ah!” His face still bore an expression of intense joy as he fell to the ground with a plop.

The Bold Lightning Wolf was shocked.

It stared at Bai Ning Bing, its mouth opening. Within, lightning coiled around its teeth.

“Ignorant beast.” Bai Ning Bing stared at it indifferently as he jumped down the five-meter-tall cliff.

As he fell, he clapped his palms together, and icy mist instantly formed.

He pulled his hands apart, and an ice blade appeared.

It was around 1.7 meters long, faintly transparent, and was shaped like a katana from Earth. Bai Ning Bing grasped the handle.

The Bold Lightning Wolf shot out lightning towards him as he fell. Bai Ning Bing laughed as two trails of water vapor poured out of his nose.

The vapor swirled around his body and formed into a ball of water around him.

The water barrier continued to rotate on its own, and the wolf’s lightning dissipated upon hitting it.

The water ball burst open, and the white-clothed young man appeared from within.

“Die.” The young man’s eyes turned from black to pure blue, like two pieces of blue crystal, devoid of feelings or emotion.

The light of the blade shone.

Bai Ning Bing landed lightly, a drop of blood falling from the half-transparent sword.

Meanwhile, the Bold Lightning Wolf stood still as a statue.

A breath later, fresh blood poured from its neck as its massive head fell to the ground, rolling several times. As for the body, it collapsed where it stood.

The Lightning Current Gu that resided in its body flashed out towards Bai Ning Bing.

Bai Ning Bing flicked his wrist, his blade gleaming as it sliced through the air.

The Gu exploded with a flash of blue lightning, perishing instantly.

Bai Ning Bing slowly walked towards Xiong Zhan’s corpse.

His other Gu worms are all ordinary, but this Plunder Gu is slightly interesting. He extracted the Plunder Gu from the body and held it near his chest.

The three clans had an agreement: after a Gu Master died, anyone that obtained their Gu worms needed to hand them over.

But Bai Ning Bing did not care about this rule.

Even if they found out, so what?

He was the symbol of the Bai Clan’s rise. The clan would definitely protect him.

He was very sure of that.

“Ah…this wolf tide is really boring.” He ran his hand along the ice blade, feeling its intense coldness.

“Come to think of it, it’s more fun competing with someone.” He yawned and suddenly smiled. “I wonder how Qing Shu, Xiong Li, and the others are doing, how much have they grown? After cultivating behind closed doors for so long, perhaps they can give me a surprise.”

•••

Days later.

In the crowded village square, Fang Yuan stared at a giant banner.

On it, Swimword Gu formed words describing the resources the three clans had made available for merit points.

These resources were very broadly categorized: food for Gu worms, food for humans, oil and other living necessities, as well as Gu worms themselves and primeval stones.

Next to each resource was a number, describing the number of merit points needed to exchange for it.

Five merit points could buy a 500g bag of rice. Twenty-five could be exchanged for a single primeval stone. For reference, a single wolf’s eye was worth ten merit points.

Undoubtedly, the arrival of the wolf tide brought about an opportunity never seen during peaceful times.

The battle merit board and this resource board served to motivate the clans’ Gu Masters. They willingly bathed in the blood of beasts, hunting wolves day and night.

Especially recently. The wolf tide had intensified, so the three clans had brought out their reserves, both to stoke the clansmen’s fighting spirit and to raise their capabilities so that the villages could survive the ordeal.

Thus, the resource board had many things that were not commonly seen.

Fang Yuan’s attention was on a particular Gu.

“Three Step Fragrant Grass Gu,” he muttered, staring at the description on the banner.

It could raise its user’s running speed, and thus covered his need for a movement Gu.

Honestly speaking, these days, the resource board had many new Gu worms. But only the Three Step Fragrant Grass Gu had attracted his attention.

Unfortunately, it was not easy to get. Not only was it the only one of its kind on the resource board, the number of merit points required to buy it was also very high.

If I use my true ability, I can definitely gather enough merit points to exchange for this Three Step Fragrant Grass Gu. But if I do, the clan will grow suspicious.

Fang Yuan thought silently.

There is another way: I can focus on producing a large amount of Vitality Leaves and sell them to the clan for merit points. But this method is slow; by the time I get enough points, someone might have already bought it.

Fang Yuan shook his head internally. That method had too many disadvantages.

Then what should he do?

He stared at the resource board and the merit board, falling into deep thought.

As far as merit points were concerned, he had a deeper understanding of them compared to most people.

Merit points were basically a kind of emergency currency.

During peacetime, primeval stones were the common medium of exchange. They were hard currency and had high inherent value, so there was no risk of them devaluing.

But with the wolf tide, the need for primeval stones surged, and it could no longer be used as a currency. An emergency currency was needed as a substitute.

Thus, merit points were born.

An alternate currency like the merit point can prevent the economy from collapsing temporarily. Like on Earth, when there’s a war, the government will print large amounts of paper money. Of course, that causes inflation. Merit points are the same; the longer they’re used, the more they devalue. But in a life-and-death scenario like the wolf tide, relying on primeval stones as currency is not sustainable. They can only pick the lesser poison. As a result, the economy always goes into a depression after a wolf tide.

This rough form of an economy is nothing worth mentioning. If I were rank three, I could easily play around with it. But unfortunately, I do not have enough strength, so I’m unable to handle the risks. If I push on, it is equivalent to playing with fire.

Fang Yuan sighed internally.

The ultimate point was that his cultivation was not high, and his strength was not sufficient.

Wisdom without strength was useless.

Thus, in «The Legends of Ren Zu», Ren Zu chose to make a second deal with Strength Gu, but gave up on Wisdom Gu. Strength was the foundation.

Fang Yuan was still thinking deeply when he heard the discussions of the people around him.

“Did you guys hear? Bai Ning Bing struck again!”

“What, what? Which unlucky Gu Master is it this time?”

“It was Xiong Li, the one who always looks dejected.”

“What is Bai Ning Bing doing? Last time he injured Chi Shan, this time he attacked Xiong Li. Even in the middle of the wolf tide, he’s still fooling around!”

“He always does what he wants. He’s already a rank three Gu Master but he’s still finding trouble with rank twos. He even used a Gu worm to suppress his cultivation to rank two out of ‘fairness’. I just can’t understand him!”

Bai Ning Bing, huh…hmph, a person halfway into a coffin. But that reminds me. Fang Yuan felt something in his heart stir.

He knew how to get a large amount of merit points quickly.

