Chapter 133: Thanks for Letting Me Kill You


Fang Yuan sprinted through the forest.

The trees before him filled his vision so quickly it seemed like he might crash. He dodged past them nimbly.

Roots swayed from his right ear. Behind him was a pack of several hundred ordinary lightning wolves, led by a Bold Lightning Wolf, that he had intentionally angered.

The lightning wolves were much faster than him. The hundred beast king was even more so, its streamlined body rushing through the complicated terrain like lightning.

Seeing that he was about to be caught, Fang Yuan’s body rippled with light, and he vanished.

The Bold Lightning Wolf halted, bewildered, and looked all around.

Fang Yuan sprinted some distance away before reappearing.

The hundred beast king’s eyesight was sharp, and it spotted him immediately. It growled angrily and once again gave chase.

As for the ordinary lightning wolves, they followed closely behind.

Fang Yuan laughed internally and continued sprinting.

After rinsing and repeating, he had finally reached his destination. This time, he activated his stealth and slipped away.

The wolf pack that had been chasing him sniffed around the spot where he had disappeared, and soon after, the Bold Lightning Wolf found a new target.

In a nearby valley, five Gu Masters were fighting with a pack of wolves.

Howl!

The Bold Lightning Wolf easily forgot Fang Yuan when presented with new prey. It let out a growl, and the lightning wolves behind it flooded into the valley to join the battle.

“How can this be?” The Gu Masters in battle saw the enemy reinforcements and despaired.

“Didn’t they say that each pack has its own territory?”

“It took so much effort to kill a single Bold Lightning Wolf, and now there’s a second one! We’re screwed.”

“Quickly, send a distress signal!”

The new pack of wolves caused the pressure on the Gu Masters to grow. Their voices began to show a hint of panic.

The investigative Gu Master shot out a Gu worm from his hand.

It was a round, golden ball with a pair of colorful feathered wings. It flew high into the air and exploded, turning into a rainbow flame visible from up to fifty kilometers away.

This was a Signal Gu, a rank one expendable Gu worm, often used in such situations.

“The signal has been sent! Everyone, hang in there and wait for reinforcements!” the group captain shouted, slightly raising the morale of his teammates.

It’s useless. Fang Yuan appeared above them on the cliff, observing the battle and smirking internally.

He had already done an extensive investigation of the surroundings. The nearest group was also locked in battle thanks to yet another wolf pack that Fang Yuan had lured over to them to restrict them.

Each lightning wolf eye is worth ten merit points, but reclaiming Gu worms and bringing them back to the clan is worth at least a thousand! After doing this a few times, I will be able to buy the Three Step Fragrant Grass Gu.

Under his scheme, the fate of these Gu Masters was sealed.

Now I just need to wait for them to be exterminated. Then I shall lure the pack away and come back here to collect the Gu worms. Fang Yuan walked to a nearby tree and sat down leisurely.

No one was willing to die, so these Gu Masters put up a strong resistance.

Fang Yuan did not dare risk luring a thousand beast king Frenzy Lightning Wolf to them. Since it was just a Bold Lightning Wolf, they had the ability to hold out for longer.

Especially when there was a certain individual among them.

Gu Yue Man Shi, the Gu Master that had caused trouble at Fang Yuan’s wine tavern.

He had the Monolith Gu and strong defense, so he could block many lightning wolves all by himself.

But that was also why Fang Yuan had chosen their group.

The more precious the Gu worm, the more merits he would receive when he returned them. If he brought back the Monolith Gu, he could get almost four thousand merit points. His position on the merit board would rise by at least twenty places.

Of course, Chi Shan’s, Mo Yan’s, and Qing Shu’s Gu worms were more precious than the Monolith Gu.

But Chi Shan’s group had Chi She, who possessed the Snake Communication Gu, which detected heat sources. Fang Yuan’s stealth was useless against it.

As for Mo Yan, she had an even stronger investigative method than Chi She. She had singlehandedly completed the clan’s wolf den investigation missions many times.

Qing Shu’s group did not have a strong investigative Gu Master, but because of Fang Zheng, the clan had definitely sent an elder to follow the group and protect him. Luring wolf packs to them was courting death.

As for Gu Masters in the other two clans, Fang Yuan was not familiar with them.

Setting up this scenario was not easy. After much investigation, he had narrowed his targets down to a few groups, and after following them for a long while, he managed to find an appropriate chance.

•••

Bai Ning Bing was sleeping when the sound of battle entered his ear.

He opened his eyes slightly, the slits shining with cold light.

Another boring scene. He was sleeping by the edge of the cliff, and just by turning slightly, he had a clear view of the valley. He was about to go back to sleep, but suddenly noticed a figure.

Oh? A flash of surprise appeared in his eyes as he saw Fang Yuan.

He was leaning against a tree, eating a wild fruit he’d picked, staring coldly at the battlefield with no intention to help.

Bai Ning Bing instantly grew interested. He had never met someone like this. From his youth, everyone around him had been loyal to the clan and indulged in kinship.

But from Fang Yuan, he felt a sense of familiarity, loneliness, and aloofness.

Who is he? Bai Ning Bing felt confusion and interest.

•••

Fang Yuan had picked the wild fruit from nearby. With his experience, he could tell that it was not poisonous.

The fruit was juicy, sour, and sweet. As he ate, his right ear twitched. He heard something, and it was nearby!

Bai Ning Bing had been sleeping higher up on the cliff. Since he hadn’t been moving, the Earth Communication Ear Grass couldn’t sense him. However, now that he moved, he was instantly detected.

Fang Yuan’s eyes flashed as he turned his body to see a white-haired, white-clothed young man stabbing an ice blade into the cliff and sliding down. He landed not far away.

Bai Ning Bing!

Fang Yuan’s eyes narrowed, recognizing him instantly.

Qing Mao Mountain’s number one genius, the symbol of the Bai Clan’s rise. He had slain a rank three clan elder at rank two, and at his young age he had already reached rank three. He was someone capable of changing the entire power distribution of Qing Mao Mountain!

Other Gu Masters would grow nervous or wary if they faced Bai Ning Bing, but Fang Yuan merely glanced at him for a moment before looking back at the valley. His expression was calm, almost uncaring. Fang Yuan knew all of Bai Ning Bing’s trump cards and secrets. Very clearly.

“Oh…” Bai Ning Bing walked over, staring at Fang Yuan blankly. His mouth opened, his voice trailing off.

He stared curiously at Fang Yuan like he was looking at an object he had never seen before.

He got closer and closer. The more he looked at Fang Yuan, the more his eyes shone, and the more his interest grew.

Why do I sense a familiar smell from this person? It feels like I’ve seen him before. Like long ago, we were already friends! Bai Ning Bing’s heart was turbulent.

Friend. A word he had always been skeptical of, a word he disdained, a word he despised.

He never thought he would have a friend. The mere commoners that surrounded him only had the right to admire him, they could not become his friends.

Bai Ning Bing always thought he would never have a friend in his life.

But now — he suddenly had a feeling!

It was a mystical feeling, but he was very sure of it. When he looked at Fang Yuan, it felt like he was looking at himself!

Bai Ning Bing stepped slightly too close, and Fang Yuan turned around, staring at him with his deep, dark eyes.

Bai Ning Bing understood the meaning of that gaze.

It was a warning.

He halted, slightly stunned, staring very impolitely at Fang Yuan. “Eh, you really are interesting.”

If the Bai Clan Gu Masters who were familiar with him heard this, they would go crazy.

Since his birth, Bai Ning Bing had never praised someone like this.

Fang Yuan ignored him, biting into his wild fruit and staring at the intense fight below.

Bai Ning Bing circled around Fang Yuan, observing him closely. As if he was looking at the strangest food on earth, he looked from every angle, even squatting down on the ground and looking up at him from below.

His silky white hair was instantly covered in mud, but he didn’t care. His white robe was dragged through the dirt, and he paid no heed to that either.

At that moment, he was like a pure child. He stared at Fang Yuan like a playmate he wanted to approach, looking at him with longing.

Bai Ning Bing felt that he had many things to say to Fang Yuan, but when he was about to speak, he felt no need anymore, because he felt that Fang Yuan had already understood.

After remaining silent for a while, he asked, “The valley’s battle is not interesting at all, what’s there to look at?”

Halfway through, his eyebrows rose in realization. “I see. You lured this wolf pack, you want to kill these Gu Masters, but why did you not do it yourself? Oh, afraid of leaving evidence. You are too vigilant. From your aura, you are already rank two. If I were you, I’d just go ahead and do it myself!”

Suddenly, he chuckled like he had seen the most fun toy in the world. He beamed with joy. “You are really interesting, even the things you do are interesting. Hehehe, I am starting to like you!”

Fang Yuan turned to look at Bai Ning Bing.

He knew this person.

Because Bai Ning Bing was also a natural demon.

What was a demon?

A person who abandoned custom and treated the people of this world with indifference. They were engulfed by loneliness, and despised relationships!

He was a reflection of Fang Yuan, but Fang Yuan was deeper down the demonic path, while Bai Ning Bing was more pure.

In simple words, they were kindred spirits!

In his previous life’s memory, after the three clans barely survived the wolf tide, this man had murdered everyone and caused the lustrous green Qing Mao Mountain to transform into a hellish ice mountain!

Bai Ning Bing, Bai Ning Bing… Fang Yuan sighed in his heart. He slowly said, “You’re very lonely, huh.”

Bai Ning Bing’s eyes widened. He was still squatting on the ground, nodding continuously and sighing. “Yes, these days, life has been super boring. Some time ago, I killed a Xiong Clan Gu Master and that was somewhat fun. Look, I got this Gu.”

Fang Yuan looked at the Plunder Gu in his hand and laughed. “So, you want to kill me?”

Bai Ning Bing’s eyes turned from black to crystal blue as he jumped up and straightened his body.

“Hahaha!” He raised his head and laughed, staring at Fang Yuan with an excited expression. “You do know! That’s right, I want to kill you! Come, kill me too! Life and death battles are the most fun! Meeting someone like you, I swear I’ve never done anything so interesting!”

He grew more and more excited as he suddenly opened both arms, raised his head high, and sighed. “Ahhhh! I can feel that my life has never been so colorful! Thank you, thank you, although I don’t know your name, thank you for letting me kill you!!! Hehehe…”

