Chapter 134: Hunting Down


“Don’t worry, since you’re only rank two, I won’t take advantage of you. I shall restrict my cultivation to the same rank for your sake, so come, let’s have a fair fight!” Bai Ning Bing roared with savage laughter.


In the face of Bai Ning Bing’s lunacy, Fang Yuan remained calm. He met the white-clad young man’s heated gaze and responded coolly.


“You wanna kill me? Then come.”


As soon as he finished speaking, Fang Yuan stepped off the cliff, his body drifting away like a falling petal.


Bai Ning Bing’s laughter came to an abrupt stop. His voice was tainted with anguish as he shouted, “Don’t you run from me!”


He instantly set off after Fang Yuan, engaging in relentless pursuit.


Fang Yuan sneered soundlessly, sprinting towards the battle in the valley.


Disturbed by the approaching pair, the wolf pack reacted with fury, wasting no time in attacking the two of them.


The Gu Masters, who had been trapped in the valley and had already lost one of their number, noticed the spectacle. The four of them were visibly relieved at the sight of the wolves becoming distracted.


“Hang in there guys, reinforcements are here!” one of them even shouted loudly, blatantly trying to encourage the wolves to turn their attention to the newcomers.


“Why are there only two people?” another asked, clueless, as they watched the vague figures of Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing approach.


But as they got closer, Man Shi’s face turned weird with realization.


“It’s him!”


It was impossible for him to not remember Fang Yuan: the memory came with a sharp feeling of fear mixed with shame. This was the man who had defeated and publicly humiliated him. Those cold, merciless eyes dug out the deepest nightmare in his heart. He would never forget that terrifying event and the fiendish man who had caused it.


He had once sworn to himself that he would buck up and reclaim his pride.


But now, faced with Fang Yuan coming to “save” him, Man Shi’s feelings were quite mixed.


“Wait, the second person is…”


They all were able to recognize Bai Ning Bing, and a ripple of shock passed through them.


“Bai Ning Bing…Bai Ning Bing!” Man Shi’s eyes widened. Even in his wildest dreams, he did not expect to see Bai Ning Bing appear in such circumstances.


•••


“Scumbag, stop right there!” Behind him, Bai Ning Bing continued to shout vehemently.


Fang Yuan ignored him and traversed the wolf pack.


His body was glowing with a white jade light, protecting him from the rabid lightning wolves’ bites and scratches. But at the same time, the primeval essence in his aperture was dropping quickly.


Bai Ning Bing’s nose had flared and was blowing out water vapor that formed into a round water bubble, enveloping his body.


Every time a wolf struck the bubble, all the force of their claws and teeth was simply dispersed by the flow before they were sent flying by the rebounding water.


Logically speaking, Bai Ning Bing’s performance wasn’t that impressive, however. He was already rank three, even though he had suppressed his own cultivation to rank two for this battle.


Even with rank two strength, Bai Ning Bing was slightly faster than Fang Yuan, and he had more primeval essence, but due to the interference of the wolf pack, Fang Yuan began to pull ahead.


The deciding factor was the difference in physical strength between the two.


Fang Yuan had the strength of two boars, while Bai Ning Bing was slightly inferior. Fang Yuan could also endure the wolf pack’s attacks and continue moving forward. Bai Ning Bing’s water shield could mitigate the force of the wolves’ attacks, but it could not open a path forward like Fang Yuan did.


Howl!


The Bold Lightning Wolf leading the pack began to pay attention and was drawn to Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing.


It howled, commanding the ordinary lightning wolves around it to give way, instantly opening a path for itself.


The hundred beast king wasted no time and charged towards Fang Yuan.


The four trapped Gu Masters showed worried expressions at this sight.


As for Bai Ning Bing, still trailing behind Fang Yuan, he laughed at this new development.


But in the next moment, Fang Yuan’s body disappeared right before Bai Ning Bing’s eyes, vanishing like a fleeting ripple of water.


His laughter cut off abruptly. The other Gu Masters in the valley were left similarly speechless.


The Bold Lightning Wolf howled angrily after losing track of Fang Yuan, but it maintained its charge as it focused its attention on Bai Ning Bing to vent its fury.


Bai Ning Bing’s lips curled in amusement.


“Hehehe, this is really interesting! You really are interesting! Hahaha, then I shall start my meal with this appetizer!”


As soon as he finished speaking, his eyes transformed from black to the blue of the cloudless sky.


He took a stance, one leg held up like a flamingo, and started to rotate. As his speed rapidly increased, the ice blade flashed out with light, spinning and slashing the air in a manner resembling a tornado.


The bright sword waves congealed into a blizzard and quickly engulfed the wolf pack.


Countless lightning wolves were torn to shreds, their minced flesh flung around by the storm. But not much blood splattered about, as it had been mostly flash-frozen by the icy storm.


The Bold Lightning Wolf howled, meeting the storm with its full ferocity. The Gu worm in its body began to activate, causing sparks of electricity to flicker throughout its rugged coat.


Its hair stood on end as golden lightning chains coiled around its body and limbs. In moments, it was covered in something that resembled chainmail made of electricity.


It sprinted forward, streaking like a golden meteor as it rushed into the ice blade storm.


Bam!


A thunderous explosion sounded through the valley as the ice blade storm came to a stop. A broken piece of the ice blade flew in the air and, with a swoosh, stabbed into a nearby boulder.


The white mist dispersed.


The hundred beast king was revealed, laying on the ground with its heart pierced by the remainder of the ice blade. Such a fatal attack ended its life almost instantly.


Bai Ning Bing laughed as he extracted the sword from its heart, gloating in his victory.


The sword itself had been snapped in half, and the rest of the blade was full of cracks and seemed in a sorry state. But Bai Ning Bing did not seem to care. He stretched out his left hand and ran it along the blade.


Wherever it passed, icy mist came out of it and spread across the blade. Everywhere it touched, the ice blade was regenerated and the edge was sharpened once again. Soon, the sword had completely re-formed.


The death of the hundred beast king had dispersed the wolf pack, but Fang Yuan was nowhere to be seen.


“We will definitely remember Lord Bai Ning Bing’s act of saving us!” The Gu Masters that survived went up and gratefully paid their respects to Bai Ning Bing.


Only Man Shi stayed where he was, his expression uncertain.


A few years ago, he had lost to Bai Ning Bing, and had only survived thanks to the boy’s whim. Now, though he had already successfully refined the Monolith Gu, he did not have any confidence in winning a rematch after witnessing the battle just now.


Bai Ning Bing snorted. Suddenly his arm moved, and the ice blade drew a few shining traces in the air.


“What…”


“Ah!”


The three Gu Masters before him were caught off guard, not expecting their savior just moments ago to attack. Their faces were full of disbelief as they fell to the ground, never to rise.


“Bai Ning Bing, what are you doing?!” Man Shi screamed in shock and anger at the sudden slaughter.


“Murdering, of course. Is something wrong with your head? Isn’t it obvious?” Bai Ning Bing shrugged and laughed coldly.


“You fucking bastard!” Man Shi clenched his fists in rage, gritting his teeth as he cursed the white-haired youth. “The three clans have formed an alliance, yet you attack my clansmen; this is a violation of the alliance treaty! If you have any problems, come at me! It is time we settle our grudge from back then!”


Man Shi shouted and charged towards Bai Ning Bing.


He activated the Monolith Gu with all his strength, and all the muscles on his body bulged as a thick rock skin formed. He instantly transformed into a man made of stone.


“Courting death.” Bai Ning Bing laughed coldly, raising his blade.


The sharp ice blade came down relentlessly, passing through Man Shi’s head, his brows, his nose, his lips, his throat. It did not stop until it had passed through the Gu Master’s chest, bisecting his upper body in an instant.


Rock fragments flew out as the sword lodged in his abdomen, and the blade snapped. But the icy mist infusing it had already frozen all the vitality left in Man Shi’s body.


Plop.


He fell to the ground, dead as could be.


The rock skin on his body slowly vanished, revealing his true form.


Bai Ning Bing shook his wrist, which had been jarred by the blade’s impact against Man Shi’s stone body. “Looks familiar…” he muttered, but he had already forgotten the incident where he had spared the now-dead Gu Master.


He shook his head, turning around and facing the wide valley.


He shouted, “Come out! The Gu Masters you wanted dead, I’ve taken care of them for you. Come, come, come! Let’s have a life and death match!”


Just as Bai Ning Bing finished, Fang Yuan appeared not far away.


The white-haired young man’s gaze became excited. He raised his ice blade and slashed towards Fang Yuan.


Fang Yuan laughed soundlessly as he turned around and ran.


Bai Ning Bing shouted in anger at the sight of his foe retreating, once again chasing Fang Yuan relentlessly.


Fang Yuan lured Bai Ning Bing to the battlefield that was the closest, where Xiong Li’s group was fighting against another pack of wolves led by a Bold Lightning Wolf.


This was the pack that Fang Yuan had lured to distract them.


“Everyone put in more effort, the wolf pack is at its limit! There was a distress signal from the southeast, and it’s been a while, they need our help!” Xiong Li urged his group, but suddenly he trailed off as he saw Fang Yuan, as well as Bai Ning Bing pursuing him relentlessly.


Ever since Fang Yuan had surrendered during the Gu battle competition, Xiong Li had no longer cared about him. His gaze quickly shifted from Fang Yuan to Bai Ning Bing.


“Bai Ning Bing!” Xiong Li’s eyes spewed fire upon seeing the white-clothed, white-haired young man, his heart filling with uncontrollable rage.


Not long ago, Bai Ning Bing had appeared in front of him and attacked without a word. The event was still fresh in his mind.


The whole time, he had purposely suppressed his cultivation to rank two.


Xiong Li was caught off guard, and lost the battle. His personal honor, and the clan’s glory, had been ruthlessly trampled! It was an incredible disgrace, how could he not be furious?


“Wait, Bai Ning Bing seems to be chasing Fang Yuan,” Xiong Lin said from the side.


Xiong Lin was short in stature, his bald head gleaming in the sunlight. He was the same age as Fang Yuan, but with his B grade talent, he was the star of the previous year’s students in the Xiong Clan.


He was a rank two cultivator as well now, and after getting some experience, he had grown up.


Xiong Li suppressed the urge to attack.


Fang Yuan was from the Gu Yue Clan, not from his Xiong Clan. Even though they were allied, they still were not close. Since it was only outsiders fighting, it was best if they didn’t get involved.


Xiong Li’s group was about to watch from the sidelines, but how could Fang Yuan not expect that? One sentence from him changed their perspective in an instant.


Fang Yuan quickly approached Xiong Li and shouted in a frightened voice, “I saw your clan’s Plunder Gu on him, protect me! Bai Ning Bing is trying to eliminate all witnesses!”


