Chapter 1342: With Elder Brother Gone, Younger Brother Takes Over


Ancestral hall.


The ancestral hall on top of Wu Yi Mountain was a mortal Gu House. Using a large number of rank five mortal Gu, even though it was inferior to Immortal Gu Houses, it was extremely significant to Wu clan.


Essentially, every super force and normal force would have an ancestral hall. Inside, life tablet Gu and soul lantern Gu would be used, or even blood rope Gu.


The former two were common, while blood rope Gu was rare, because it was blood path.


Even the small and big sects in Central Continent had buildings similar to the ancestral hall, storing life tablet Gu and soul lantern Gu.


At this moment, Wu Ba Chong was standing in the ancestral hall, looking at the Gu worm fragments blankly.


After the life tablet Gu shattered, it would be like wood scraps, while soul lantern Gu would become a cracked ladybird, it would not be shining with a dark blue light anymore.


Wu Ba Chong was old, but he had a muscular body resembling a bear, his hair was white and his nose was wide, he had thick brows and sharp eyes, he was a steady and responsible person.


He was the second supreme elder of Wu clan, he had gone through many ordeals, resulting in his calm nature, but now, his forehead was full of sweat, his breathing was ragged, his gaze was chaotic and in a mess.


“Lord Wu Yong died?!” Wu Ba Chong stared at the two mortal Gu fragments, he had already stood here for a while, but his mind was in a mess.


“How could this happen? A great rank eight existence, the pillar of our Wu clan, he died like this?!” Wu Ba Chong did not dare to imagine this or believe it.




“Did Lord Wu Yong die or not???” He kept asking himself.


After all, life tablet Gu and soul lantern Gu were mortal Gu, it was possible to interfere with them using some methods.


But Wu Yong was uncontactable now, no matter how Wu clan tried to communicate with him, none got through, this was an undeniable fact!


Regardless of whether or not Wu Yong was dead, his situation was definitely not good.


“Being able to make a rank eight Gu Immortal end up in such a state, who is it?”


“A rank eight existence among the demonic path and lone cultivators?”


“Or is it the other super clans, are they collaborating to deal with our Wu clan?”


Wu Ba Chong continued to guess.


The more he thought, the more messy his mind was.


Wu Du Xiu died, Wu Yong went missing, in this huge Wu clan, the number one super clan in Southern Border, there was actually no rank eight existence guarding it now.




This was a severe situation, Wu clan was in a disastrous state, and the most fearful thing was, the perpetrator was still unknown!


After his shocked emotions returned to normal, fear and loss filled Wu Ba Chong’s heart.


Normally, there was Wu Du Xiu or Wu Yong suppressing the situation, he did not feel anything.


But now that the two rank eight great experts were gone, Wu Ba Chong realized that his stable and firm shoulders could not bear the weight of Wu clan.


During Wu Du Xiu’s era, he was the second supreme elder, after Wu Yong ascended to her role, he continued to assist him. In terms of seniority, he was among the oldest and most experienced Southern Border righteous path Gu Immortals.


However, it was pointless.


He was only rank seven in cultivation level, his battle strength was not outstanding, if he fought against Old Treeman Ba De, he could not win. Even among Wu clan, there were many rank seven Gu Immortals who could fight him evenly.


However, he was the first person to return among Wu clan’s higher-ups.


Thus, he had the initiative.


“What do I do?”


“Even if Lord Wu Yong is not dead, he has gone missing and his life tablet Gu and soul lantern Gu have shattered, once news gets out, there would be a huge commotion, everyone’s hearts would waver.”


“Should I hide the information?”


Wu Ba Chong quickly shook his head.


This shocking news had already been exposed to many Wu clan Gu Immortals by the Wu clan rank six Gu Immortal who was guarding the place.


If Wu Yong was confirmed to be dead, the mastermind who attacked Wu clan would not give up this chance to target their morale.


Thus, he could not seal this news even if he wanted to.


“Is the matter at hand to find the missing Lord Wu Yong, or should we shrink our defensive lines and recall the supreme elders who are outside to guard our base?”


Wu Ba Chong frowned.


Both choices were dangerous.


Searching for Wu Yong would definitely be dangerous, to be able to destroy Wu Yong’s life tablet Gu and soul lantern Gu and have him disappear, the mastermind was definitely powerful. Sending rank seven Gu Immortals to find him was like sending sheep to a tiger.


And if they retracted their defensive lines and called back the elders, it would be a huge political loss, many of their resource points would be lost. If the surrounding super forces tried to take over at this time, Wu clan would suffer immense losses.


What should he do?


Wu Ba Chong was hesitant, he was stuck between two tough options.


After a long time, he licked his dry lips, he decided to put both options on hold, he was going to hold a meeting with the Wu clan Gu Immortals as the second supreme elder, they would execute the plan after coming to a consensus.


Wu Yong was missing and uncontactable, a huge storm surrounding Wu clan was quietly forming.


Southern Border, super Gu formation.


Fang Yuan sat on his bed, cultivating with his eyes closed, he was multitasking as he listened to Lady White Rabbit’s report.


Lady White Rabbit had inherited the White Rabbit true inheritance.


This true inheritance was quite famous in Southern Border, the inheritor had to be pure hearted. And when they cultivate in the future, they had to maintain the same pure heartedness. Otherwise, most of the true inheritance’s methods could not be used, using them forcefully would result in backlash.


Precisely so, Lady White Rabbit was naturally trustworthy, she was a popular person among lone immortals and demonic cultivators.


Wu An had noticed this initially, thus he convinced Lady White Rabbit to be the intermediary in hosting this immortal opportunity business.


Once in a while, Lady White Rabbit would enter the super Gu formation and report the situation of the immortal opportunity business to Fang Yuan.


Even though Fang Yuan did not gain any benefits from the immortal opportunity business, he listened to the business situation as it could help him learn about the changes in the area surrounding the giant dream realm.


Lady White Rabbit spoke softly, her voice was like smooth water, she reported with a gentle gaze on Fang Yuan’s face.


Fang Yuan was in Wu Yi Hai’s appearance now, his face was handsome, his nose was tall and wide, his manly heroic aura was completely displayed.


Lady White Rabbit had fallen for him already, she purposely spoke slowly, treasuring this precious time she could spend with Fang Yuan alone.


Unfortunately, each time Fang Yuan met with her, he spoke only twice, the first sentence was to ask Lady White Rabbit to sit as she gave her report, and the second was for her to leave.


But even so, Lady White Rabbit was very satisfied.


She knew deeply that Wu Yi Hai had a high status, she felt like she was a lowly person and could not match Fang Yuan. She was very happy to spend this time with him once in a while, she felt very blissful.


Right at this time, Lady White Rabbit’s voice halted.


Because she saw Fang Yuan’s expression change.


This situation was very rare, Lady White Rabbit’s heart clenched, what happened to Wu Yi Hai? Did he encounter any problems?


Fang Yuan gradually shut his eyes, willing as he opened the hall.


“Yi Hai, at this point in time, you still have the mood to relax and spend time with a woman?” A female immortal barged into the hall.


Lady White Rabbit turned around and looked, this was a young woman wearing green clothing with wavy sleeves. her skin was smooth like snow, her body was curvy and she resembled a delicate willow.


She had an extremely beautiful face, especially her attractive eyes, concealed by her long eyelashes, they seemed clear as water.


“She is Qiao clan’s Qiao Si Liu!” Lady White Rabbit recognized this person as she flustered, lowering her gaze in panic.


She knew this person’s relationship with Fang Yuan.


Some time ago, there were rumors about Fang Yuan and Qiao Si Liu circulating around.


“Fairy Si Liu is so beautiful, as expected of one of the top three fairies in Southern Border.”


“Only someone like this can be with Lord Wu Yi Hai.”


Lady White Rabbit thought this, as she felt pain in her heart nurturing and fermenting.


Qiao Si Liu took a look at Lady White Rabbit who was lowering her head, she seemed to be nonchalant but she was actually very attentive.


Qiao Si Liu was trying to seduce Wu Yi Hai into becoming Qiao clan’s son-in-law, Qiao Si Liu had to look at all of Fang Yuan’s information.


And in Fang Yuan’s information, Lady White Rabbit was present.


This was the first time Qiao Si Liu was meeting Lady White Rabbit.


She saw that Lady White Rabbit had a delicate body, her eyes were like rubies, she had fluffy rabbit ears that were drooping, her eyes were looking down, it was cute and endearing. Even though under close examination, her appearance was slightly inferior to Qiao Si Liu, men loved these tiny pitiful creatures that were full of cuteness.


“But now is not the time to deal with her.” Qiao Si Liu snorted internally, passing White Rabbit as she went up to Fang Yuan.


Fang Yuan had opened his eyes, standing up from his bed as he smiled towards Qiao Si Liu: “Fairy, this sudden visit is truly joyful.”


Lady White Rabbit looked at Fang Yuan in a daze, thinking: “Wu Yi Hai is smiling again, I have not seen him smile for a long time. He looks like the sun shining in spring when he smiles, if only he could smile at me!”


Qiao Si Liu looked at Fang Yuan, disregarding pleasantries: “It seems you really do not know! Sigh… my next words will only be shocking, there is no joy.”


Fang Yuan’s expression changed: “What happened?”


Qiao Si Liu did not answer him, she turned around and said to Lady White Rabbit: “Little lady, please leave first, I need to talk to your lord.”


“What?” Lady White Rabbit was dazed.


Fang Yuan waved his hand: “White Rabbit, please.”


Lady White Rabbit did not dare to defy Fang Yuan, she acknowledged as she left the hall.


As the doors closed, Qiao Si Liu said: “Wu Yong is missing, his life tablet Gu and soul lantern Gu are destroyed, news has not spread in Southern Border yet, but Wu clan is in chaos now.”


“What?!” Fang Yuan was deeply shocked.


This was simply too shocking.


With the destruction of his life tablet Gu and soul lantern Gu, Wu Yong was likely to have died.


He was the pillar of Wu clan, if he died, would Wu clan be able to defend its territories?


Qiao Si Liu continued: “Yi Hai, I am here to lend you a hand. You are Wu Yong’s brother, the person closest to him in bloodline, and you have sufficient cultivation level. With Wu Yong gone, you have to take over as first supreme elder! From today onwards, you will hold the authority of Wu clan.”




