Chapter 135: The Ten Extreme Physiques


“What?!” Xiong Lin was stunned.

“Plunder Gu? There is only one person that has this Gu worm on Qing Mao Mountain: my cousin Xiong Zhan!!” Xiong Jiang’s face darkened.

Xiong Li closed his eyes, fierce light flickering in them. Others might be afraid of Bai Ning Bing. Even he was afraid, but this fear didn’t represent weakness and cowardice. In his heart, long had there been thoughts of sacrificing himself for the clan. He had the resolve to fight to the death with Bai Ning Bing!

“Bai Ning Bing, is the Plunder Gu in your possession?” He stepped forward and faced Bai Ning Bing, letting Fang Yuan brush past him.

Bai Ning Bing laughed coldly. “So what if it is?”

Xiong Jiang’s face fell even further. “Tell me, how did my cousin die? Why is his Gu worm in your hands?”

Xiong Lin also spoke up. “Bai Ning Bing, I respect you as a senior, but you secretly seized our clan’s Gu worm and didn’t turn it in. This is an open violation of the alliance treaty!”

After he spoke, threw out a Signal Gu.

With a bang, bright fireworks burst in the sky.

The colorful light shone upon Bai Ning Bing’s laughing face. “I never cared about that dogshit treaty. I merely saw someone using the Plunder Gu and thought it was interesting, so I collected it.”

Xiong Jiang was unable to contain his rage at those words. He gave a furious shout and charged towards the white-haired youth. “Bai Ning Bing, you merely watched while my cousin fought to his death and didn’t help?! You bastard!”

The members of a five-person team were as one. Whether publicly or for personal reasons, their grudges against Bai Ning Bing could not be reconciled.

Battle was inevitable. All at once, the scene became chaotic.

Bai Ning Bing faced the oncoming attacks from Xiong Li’s group, while all around them the wolf pack continued to press in.

Fang Yuan left the battlefield and calmly spectated from far away.

The wolf pack moved together like a large millstone, and the six Gu Masters fought with their lives on the line; the slightest carelessness could land them in the wolves’ mouths.

Xiong Jiang’s eyes became a sickly green, Xiong Li’s turned red, and Bai Ning Bing’s were azure as crystal. The fight between these three was the most intense.

Xiong Jiang’s Roaming Zombie Gu transformed him into a zombie, granting him incredible regeneration and amplifying his defense against water and ice to withstand Bai Ning Bing’s attacks. Xiong Li used his Grand Bear Gu, and with the strength of two bears, his bowl-sized fists were without peer. Even Bai Ning Bing’s water barrier was destroyed by his punches.

It wasn’t easy for the remaining three group members to meddle in this fight. They could only do their utmost to hold back the lightning wolves. Before, they could have easily dealt with the Bold Lightning Wolf that Fang Yuan had lured to the battle, but it had suddenly become a huge threat.

“Bai Ning Bing, you will pay for what you have done!” Xiong Jiang shouted and charged at Bai Ning Bing.

“Hmph, with just you?” Bai Ning Bing smiled coldly. He nimbly jumped back, making some distance between them and threw out five finger-sized icicles with his left hand.

They struck Xiong Jiang’s body, but he didn’t feel any pain whatsoever. When he turned into a zombie, he wouldn’t feel any pain even if his hands and legs were broken.

The cold aura in the icicles could freeze and slow an ordinary person’s movements, but it only felt cool and refreshing to Xiong Jiang. A zombie’s body was full of yin energy; it had low resistance to fire, lightning, and sunlight, but it was very strong against such cold attacks.

“Bai Ning Bing, are you still playing around in this situation? Unleash your true strength!” Xiong Li furiously shouted.

Bai Ning Bing had been suppressing his cultivation to rank two from the very beginning, and was also mostly using rank two Gu.

Xiong Li felt like he was being held in contempt, the humiliation he felt caused his rage to boil over.

“Hahaha, how can you minor characters have the qualifications to make me use my full strength?” Bai Ning Bing laughed coldly. His attacks were becoming more powerful, but he was still suppressing his strength and didn’t use any rank three Gu.

Fang Yuan, who was spectating from afar with his arms crossed, clearly understood the reason.

It is not that he doesn’t want to unleash his true strength, but that he cannot use it. Bai Ning Bing has the Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique…

According to the oldest legend of this world, all humans were descendants of Ren Zu.

But, as the saying goes, the dragon has nine unique sons. There were no two people who were exactly the same; even twins had their differences.

In this world, the most important difference was aptitude.

Those that had the aptitude to cultivate could become Gu Masters. Those with no aptitude were just mortals, the lowest level in society, who could be trampled upon and played with.

Cultivation aptitudes were divided into four grades: A grade, B grade, C grade, and D grade. Everyone knew this.

But in reality, there were even more outstanding aptitudes above A grade.

This was a secret. Clans would never carelessly spread this knowledge, and only after reaching a certain status in society could one know this secret.

Xiong Li and the rest naturally didn’t know. Even elders and clan leaders might not know. But Fang Yuan, who had reached rank six in his previous life and shed his mortal body to become a Gu Immortal, was naturally aware of this.

There were ten types of aptitudes above A grade, and they were collectively called the Ten Extreme Physiques.

Before Ren Zu died, he gave birth to ten children. The first-born son, Verdant Great Sun; the second-born daughter, Desolate Ancient Moon…among the ten, there is one named Northern Dark Ice Soul. Ren Zu’s legends, whether true or false, allude to many secrets in cultivation. Ren Zu’s ten children represent ten types of ultimate aptitudes.

Any one of the Ten Extreme Physiques is superior to A grade aptitude. The most excellent A grade aptitude can only store 99% primeval essence in their aperture. But any one of the Ten Extreme Physiques can hold a full 100% primeval essence!

However, everything exists in balance; the Ten Extreme Physiques are too perfect, and the heavens won’t easily tolerate their existence. For instance, in «The Legends of Ren Zu», his children didn’t have long lives. In reality, it is difficult for Gu Masters who possess one of the Ten Extreme Physiques to grow and mature, they almost all die an untimely death. Of course, if they manage to become rank six, they will be able to sweep through foes of similar cultivation and can even perform miracles like fighting a higher rank!

Just look at Bai Ning Bing, who possesses the Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique. A hundred percent primeval essence causes stress to his aperture, putting it at risk of collapsing at any moment. To decrease this risk, Bai Ning Bing must cultivate and use primeval essence to nurture his aperture walls, strengthening them so that they can withstand his aptitude. Thus, his cultivation speed is outstanding and shocking.

However, higher cultivation means higher quality primeval essence, which subsequently increases the pressure on the aperture. Rather than decreasing the risk, it increases. Bai Ning Bing is like someone stranded at sea without fresh water. He can only drink seawater to relieve his thirst, but doing so will instead make him even more thirsty.

The higher his cultivation, the nearer he is to destruction. Yet he cannot choose to stop cultivating. As the rising star of Bai Village and the one upon whom his clan’s expectations lie, he faces the risk of being assassinated. This forces him to continue to grow stronger. As a person who possesses an Extreme Physique, he clearly understands the situation he’s in. His temperament is the result of knowing that certain death approaches.

Fang Yuan sighed.

It was quite ironic.

Excessively excellent aptitude didn’t lead a Gu Master to glory, but instead to their demise.

Too much was as bad as too little. People needed to drink water and eat food, but if they ate and drank excessively, they could die.

From another angle, no matter which world, there was no true perfection, no perfect love, no perfect work.

Excessive perfection would just lead to destruction.

In Fang Yuan’s previous life, three years after the wolf tide, Bai Ning Bing’s cultivation inevitably reached rank four. His aperture could no longer support the burden from his primeval essence, and ultimately, it exploded.

The Ten Extreme Physiques defied heaven and earth, so naturally, their self-detonation was like the most perfect song, powerful beyond measure. It annihilated all three villages and turned the whole of Qing Mao Mountain into a frozen wasteland.

Fortunately, at that time, Fang Yuan had been driven away from Gu Yue Village by his brother. He had joined a passing caravan, luckily avoiding the disaster.

To delay his death, Bai Ning Bing used Gu worms to dilute his rank three white silver primeval essence into rank two red steel primeval essence. He also rarely used rank three Gu worms.

This was simply because rank three Gu worms consumed great amounts of red steel primeval essence, rapidly exhausting his reserves. Instead, it was better for him to use rank two Gu worms most of the time.

This was the real reason Bai Ning Bing suppressed his cultivation.

Otherwise, having strength but choosing to bind one’s own hands and feet was something only a fool would do.

Bai Ning Bing was intelligent, and he had received great training and education, so how could he do such a foolish thing?

Having his temperament at such a young age was indeed unusual. But as someone who was about to die, what would he be afraid of?

His recklessness and fearlessness prevented him from being assimilated into the system, and nurtured the heart of a demon in him.

Otherwise, the expectations of the clan, his superb training, the honor that came with success, his victories over his foes, and his bright future would have all served to make him assimilate into the clan and nurtured a leader’s temperament within him.

Bai Ning Bing was actually a pitiful child, and Fang Yuan had no wish to deal with him before. But now that he wanted to kill Fang Yuan, he didn’t mind making use of this pitiful child first before eliminating him in advance.

The battle continued.

In a short time, the situation had already changed.

Bai Ning Bing had slain the Bold Lightning Wolf, and the rest of the pack had fled in defeat. The healing Gu Master of Xiong Li’s group had fallen under Bai Ning Bing’s blade, but the white-haired youth had paid a heavy price for it; Xiong Li had viciously punched Bai Ning Bing’s right arm, and it seemed to have fractured. It hung there limply as the fight went on.

Even so, Bai Ning Bing still held the advantage.

Xiong Li was an elite amongst rank two Gu Masters, his strength equal to Qing Shu and Chi Shan. Xiong Jiang was a newly rising defense expert. Xiong Lin was a genius newbie and now had rank two battle strength. Even with the fourth Gu Master in Xiong Li’s group, even with all their strength combined, these four were still being suppressed.

It should be said that Bai Ning Bing had already used much of his red steel primeval essence beforehand in the battle against the first wolf pack. In this battle, he had killed the Bold Lightning Wolf as well as the healing Gu Master, but lost the use of his right arm in exchange. He was wielding his ice blade with his non-dominant left hand, and thus was forced to abandon using his icicles, so his overall offensive power had been reduced by almost half.

Even so, he still had the upper hand, and his advantage was even solidifying.

It is the Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique, after all. Although he used a Gu worm to dilute his primeval essence and seal the true advantage of his physique, the incredible primeval essence recovery speed is still maintained. His advantage will continue to increase the longer the battle lasts. Fang Yuan sighed inwardly as he observed.

My current battle strength is not enough to defeat him, Fang Yuan calmly admitted to himself.

He only had C grade aptitude with 44% primeval essence. Even four B grade Gu Masters were being suppressed in this battle, so it was obvious that if he faced Bai Ning Bing alone, he would be even worse off.

However, not being able to defeat you doesn’t mean I can’t kill you. Fang Yuan smiled coldly.

This was the accumulated wisdom from his long years of experience.

Although they appeared similar, he was a centuries-old devil. Bai Ning Bing was merely a fledgling, forced down the demonic path by his cruel fate.

