Chapter 136: Clash of Brawn and Brain


Cold air billowed and ice blades flew. Steel fists howled, and fangs screamed.

The battle had reached its climax.

In truth, not much time had passed since it began. But as the pressure from Bai Ning Bing intensified, Xiong Li and the others began to feel that time dragged on.

Xiong Jiang’s face was dim and Xiong Lin’s forehead dripped with cold sweat, while Xiong Li maintained a serious gaze.

At this point, even Xiong Li had to suppress his anger and admit that Bai Ning Bing’s strength was formidable. Even though he had sealed his rank three cultivation and only fought with rank two Gu worms, he was still able to suppress their entire group.

But even then, the truth was that Bai Ning Bing had not given it his all. This was not to prove a point, but rather it was a precaution against Fang Yuan.

To Xiong Li and the others, their motive was simple: to arrest or kill Bai Ning Bing.

But to Bai Ning Bing, the situation was more complicated.

On the one hand, he needed to fight against Xiong Li’s group, while on the other, he needed to divert some of his attention to prevent a sneak attack from Fang Yuan. He had seen Fang Yuan using the Stealth Scales Gu with his own eyes, so he knew his foe could be lurking anywhere.

But till now, Fang Yuan had not made a move.

Did he leave? Impossible! Although it is our first meeting, I can tell he is not the type to retreat! He will definitely act, he’s just biding his time. Bai Ning Bing swung his ice blade to suppress Xiong Li as his thoughts raced.

Not only did he have to use his brawn to fight Xiong Li’s group, he also had to compete with Fang Yuan using his wits.

Fang Yuan’s refusal to attack was increasingly pressuring him. A sheathed sword was the most dangerous: one could not predict where it would strike.

Although Fang Yuan had not acted, and was merely observing the battle, he had been able to divert Bai Ning Bing’s attention all this time. If not for this distraction, Xiong Li’s team would have lost long ago.

Bai Ning Bing is very meticulous. First, he decisively slew the Bold Lightning Wolf, eliminating a pawn that I could use. Next, he risked getting injured to kill the healing Gu Master. All these actions are the most sensible decisions to make in his situation. Although he is engaging in serious combat, he is still holding back to prevent my attack. In fact…

Beneath the shadow of a nearby tree, Fang Yuan crossed his arm as he watched, his eyes shining with uncertainty.

It was not that he didn’t want to strike, he just couldn’t find an opportunity to do so.

He was not anxious, though.

The longer this dragged on, the more it would drain Bai Ning Bing’s battle strength. The Ten Extreme Physiques had an incredible primeval essence recovery rate, much more than A grade, but it would still be spent over time.

The longer Fang Yuan waited, the more primeval essence Bai Ning Bing would use up, and the more the scales of victory would shift towards himself.

If Bai Ning Bing ran out, so what if he had the Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique? One moonblade would behead him!!

Both Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing were aware of this fact.

Although Bai Ning Bing currently had the upper hand, his heart was getting heavier.

I cannot continue like this! Bai Ning Bing’s blue eyes shone as he took a large step back, pulling some distance from the Xiong Li group.

Next, his neck expanded like something had risen from his stomach into his throat.

He opened his jaw wide towards the sky as he expelled something from his mouth with difficulty.

An ice blue bird appeared, peering over his white teeth. It looked around for a moment before seeing its target.

It leaped out of Bai Ning Bing’s mouth and flapped its wings, flying towards Xiong Li’s group.

Though the small blue bird was cute like a pigeon, everyone’s faces paled at the sight of it.

“Rank three Blue Bird Ice Coffin Gu?”

“Get away from it, quickly!”

The Gu Masters frantically tried to dodge, but this bird was not like a moonblade; once sent out, it locked on to its target.

Boom!

It smashed into the support Gu Master in Xiong Li’s group and exploded.

A freezing wind blew everywhere, and the piercing blue light from the explosion lit up the entire battlefield.

The light dispersed, and a partially-transparent block of cold blue ice was revealed.

The support Gu Master was visible within, his face still filled with fear and anxiety, but he had lost all signs of life.

Bai Ning Bing had suppressed his cultivation, so using a rank three Gu would drain much of his primeval essence. At the same time, it would not display the true power of a rank three Gu worm, and the enemy could make use of the opportunity to attack.

But the three Gu Masters instead stood frozen in shock, startled by this Blue Bird Ice Coffin Gu.

Bai Ning Bing did not follow up on the attack. He turned around and began to leave, attempting to flee the battlefield.

It was a wise decision. If he continued, the situation would become more disadvantageous for him.

“Damn it…”

“Bai Ning Bing, don’t run if you have guts!”

“Big Brother Xin was slain by him! Kill him, take revenge for Brother Xin!!!”

The Xiong Gu Masters cursed loudly, but could not catch up.

The four of them were barely enough to form an encirclement, but now that one of them had died, Bai Ning Bing easily broke through their blockade.

Just as Bai Ning Bing was about to escape, a moonblade flew out from the bushes, and a person leaped out close behind it.

Bam!

Bai Ning Bing swung his sword, shattering the moonblade, but he received a kick to the abdomen from the new arrival and staggered back a few steps.

Xiong Li and the rest finally caught up and surrounded Bai Ning Bing again.

Bai Ning Bing ignored the three, staring at the newcomer instead, chuckling.

“So you finally appeared…”

“It’s Fang Yuan!” Xiong Lin’s eyes shone, seeing a glimmer of hope.

“Fang Yuan, good job!” Xiong Jiang shouted, overjoyed.

Xiong Li stayed silent; although he seemed rash, his thoughts were more meticulous than anyone else. Fang Yuan did not strike earlier, but suddenly appeared…was he watching the battle all along? The thought of this possibility brought him unease.

Fang Yuan smiled mildly as though he was sure of victory, but his heart sank. Bai Ning Bing had retreated to force him to appear. Fang Yuan knew that, but even so, he still had to show up.

Fang Yuan saw Xiong Li’s uneasy expression and was not surprised; indeed, he had expected it.

“Rest assured, everyone,” he said, “I’ve informed the clan. Just hang in there for a little longer, reinforcements are coming!”

At once, Xiong Li was relieved.

Xiong Lin and Xiong Jiang’s battle spirits were ignited. Bai Ning Bing suddenly laughed loudly. “Haha, so he’s called Fang Yuan, such an interesting guy…I only want to kill you even more now!!!”

“I’m afraid you’re not capable enough to achieve that.” Fang Yuan’s eyes shone with cold light as he stepped forward.

“Bai Ning Bing, the heavens want you dead, you’re finished!” Xiong Jiang gritted his teeth as he ran forward.

“Bai Ning Bing, you are too arrogant, you will pay the price today!” Xiong Lin growled as he circled towards Bai Ning Bing’s back.

“Fang Yuan, stay back a little, back us up and prevent Bai Ning Bing from escaping,” Xiong Li said.

If Fang Yuan interfered, it would destroy the chemistry the three of them shared.

The battle continued.

Fang Yuan’s expression was tranquil as he ignored Xiong Li’s request and continued to attack.

The other Gu Masters frowned; outsider interference would mess up their formations and interfere with their cooperation.

But Fang Yuan’s every attack was ruthless and decisive. He seemed to grasp every opportunity, and instead of causing trouble, he was of great assistance. At first, Xiong Li growled threateningly at him, but soon, he shut his mouth. His frown slowly eased, and his brows started to raise instead, revealing his surprise.

Fang Yuan did not strike much, but each attack he made had great implications on the fight. Once his master-level methods were displayed, he instantly grasped the battle in his hands.

Xiong Li’s group of five were originally at a disadvantage when fighting Bai Ning Bing and two of them had died. But once Fang Yuan joined in, they managed to drive Bai Ning Bing into a corner with only four people.

“Bai Ning Bing, just go and die!” Xiong Li growled loudly as he jumped up and landed heavily. He twined the fingers of both hands together into a hammer strike, slamming down towards Bai Ning Bing.

Bai Ning Bing tried to dodge, but Fang Yuan suddenly attacked, throwing a moonblade in the direction he wanted to move.

Bai Ning Bing had no choice but to endure Xiong Li’s attack.

“Water Shield Gu!”

From his nostrils, two lines of water vapor coiled around his body, forming a spherical barrier of condensed moisture.

With a loud impact and a popping sound, Xiong Li’s heavy punch landed on the barrier, breaking through it instantly. But in exchange,the punch lost all its force, and Bai Ning Bing escaped death.

Even so, Xiong Li sent Fang Yuan a glance of admiration. If not for his superb cooperation, Bai Ning Bing would have avoided the hit and saved his primeval essence.

Water Shield Gu again…

Fang Yuan ignored Xiong Li’s gaze and focused on Bai Ning Bing, frowning.

It was this Water Shield Gu that alleviated Bai Ning Bing’s predicament. The defensive power of the water shield was superior to even the White Jade Gu.

But it had a weakness: he needed to form a ball shape and rely on the flow of water to disperse the force of attacks.

If Bai Ning Bing was up against a wall, he wouldn’t be able to form that ball shape, and his defenses would be greatly reduced.

There were many trees and complicated bits of terrain on Qing Mao Mountain, but Bai Ning Bing had been very careful to avoid ending up in a tight spot.

As long as I beat this Water Shield Gu, I can put Bai Ning Bing in trouble. But how? While Fang Yuan was thinking, Bai Ning Bing’s mouth suddenly opened, and a new blue bird flew out.

Xiong Li and the others shrank back in fear, but Fang Yuan was not flustered in the least.

He snorted coldly and threw a moonblade.

With a bam, the moonblade hit the ice bird, causing it to explode.

Bai Ning Bing growled in a low voice. He was too close by, and was struck by the explosion. He was sent flying and fell to the ground. At the same time, most of his left arm was frozen, becoming useless.

“A divine opportunity! Die!” Xiong Li’s eyes gleamed as he shouted, and his arms gathered to form another hammer strike towards Bai Ning Bing.

This blow was extremely powerful, and as Bai Ning Bing was prone on the ground, the Water Shield Gu wouldn’t even be half as effective. If he was struck on the head, there was no doubt that he would die instantly.

