Chapter 137: Shadow of Death


Seeing that Xiong Li’s hammer strike was about to hit Bai Ning Bing, Xiong Lin and Xiong Jiang both showed joyful expressions.


Only Fang Yuan, who stood some distance away, bore a solemn expression.


He understood Bai Ning Bing well. How could he commit such a beginner’s mistake?


As expected, at that moment!


Bai Ning Bing suddenly struck: the flesh of his right arm turned an icy transparent blue. His bones were even visible within. He straightened his hand to form a palm blade and struck like lightning, puncturing Xiong Li’s heart!


“Urgh!” Xiong Li’s descending body came to a halt.


He stood there, eyes wide, staring at his chest in disbelief.


“How can this be?”


“Lord Xiong Li!”


Xiong Jiang and Xiong Lin could not believe it.


“You think my right arm was really broken by your punch? Naive! I’ve long transformed my body using the rank three Ice Muscle Gu! The reason I pretended to be vulnerable was to give a certain someone a surprise.” Bai Ning Bing slowly got up, his eyes full of disdain, and then he glanced at Fang Yuan.


Fang Yuan stared back, calm as ever.


Plop.


“Bai…Ning Bing…” Xiong Li spoke his last words with difficulty. Bai Ning Bing’s icy arm froze his heart, ending his life!


“Scheming scumbag, I’ll fight you!” At the sight of Xiong Li’s death, Xiong Lin could no longer contain his pain and anger. He recklessly charged towards Bai Ning Bing.


“Xiong Lin, calm down!” Xiong Jiang managed to restrain Xiong Lin before he got himself killed.


“The captain is dead and we are no longer his match. Quickly, leave, I’ll block him!” Xiong Jiang ordered, controlling his sorrow.


“Brother Xiong Jiang…” Xiong Lin was dumbfounded, his eyes turning red.


Xiong Jiang pushed Xiong Lin back and took a step forward, blocking Bai Ning Bing.


Shadow Bond Gu!


The shadow below his feet suddenly came alive, distorting creepily, connecting itself to Bai Ning Bing’s shadow.


“I have the Shadow Bond Gu! Once I get hurt, Bai Ning Bing will also take damage. He won’t kill me so easily. Xiong Lin, you are still young and have better talent than me or the captain. Leave, now!” Xiong Jiang shouted, his eyes locked onto Bai Ning Bing.


“Brother Xiong Jiang!” Xiong Lin’s eyes teared up. He knew the weakness of the Shadow Bond Gu.


Xiong Jiang had used the Gu worm earlier in the battle as well, but once Bai Ning Bing pulled sufficient distance, their shadows would separate. Xiong Jiang was just saying this to console him.


Especially now that he did not have enough primeval essence. Even his Roaming Zombie Gu seemed to have stopped working.


Xiong Lin felt like he was rooted to the ground. He turned around, staring at Fang Yuan. “Fang Yuan, why are the reinforcements not here yet?!”


Fang Yuan did not reply. He continued staring at Bai Ning Bing.


Bai Ning Bing shook his right arm, and in moments, it became flesh once again. “Reinforcements?” he mocked, “Hehehe, they would’ve come long ago if they were truly on the way. Tsk tsk tsk, you are even more naive than the other one. You really think such a cheap method can restrain me?”


He stared at the shadow in disdain.


“Fang Yuan, is that true?” Xiong Lin clenched his fist in fury, his eyes blazing.


Fang Yuan ignored him, smiling at Bai Ning Bing. “That move earlier, it expended a lot of your primeval essence, right? By now, how much do you still have left in your aperture?”


Xiong Li had been using a defensive Gu worm, but it was weaker than Fang Yuan’s White Jade Gu. Even so, the attack that penetrated his defenses was clearly not that of a rank two Gu Master.


Fang Yuan guessed that Bai Ning Bing had used the rank three Frost Demon Gu.


It was renowned among rank three Gu for its strength, but overuse would harm its user. It would at first cause joint problems, but eventually it would damage and freeze one’s muscles, so it needed to be used with other Gu worms.


Bai Ning Bing said earlier that he had used the Ice Muscle Gu to temper his muscles to withstand the cold. They complemented the Frost Demon Gu quite well.


He had still used rank two primeval essence to forcefully activate a rank three Gu worm. It must have consumed quite a lot, but he’d needed to use such a method to break the stalemate.


Bai Ning Bing’s expression changed; Fang Yuan had indeed seen through him.


Thus, after killing Xiong Li, he did not strike again, but instead stalled for time to recover by talking.


He laughed heartily and nodded. “Not bad. My primeval essence is indeed running dry. I pretended to lose the use of my right arm earlier in the battle to lure you to attack. But you didn’t fall for it. Hehehe, the real battle is just starting, isn’t it?”


Fang Yuan’s eyes narrowed.


If Bai Ning Bing had denied it, he would have attacked without a doubt. But Bai Ning Bing confessed to the scheme, showing a look of fearlessness…


Either Bai Ning Bing knew he was going to die and showed no fear towards death, or he had other strong trump cards and was confident that he would survive.


Ordinary Gu Masters only had three to five Gu worms, even elites like Qing Shu and Chi Shan.


But there were exceptions.


For example, Fang Yuan possessed the Moonglow Gu, White Jade Gu, Stealth Scales Gu, Four Flavors Liquor Worm, Spring Autumn Cicada, Earth Communication Ear Grass, and Nine Leaf Vitality Grass, for a total of seven Gu.


Bai Ning Bing was the Bai Clan’s hope and had the Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique, an absolute genius. From the start of his cultivation journey, he had received the full support of his clan. His wealth was definitely greater than Fang Yuan’s.


Up till now, he had displayed at least six Gu worms. Fang Yuan was sure that he had others.


And these Gu allowed him to be calm despite the situation.


Actually, the most troublesome kind of opponent was someone like him.


Someone who not only had talent, but also did not fear death and had many Gu worms at hand.


These three aspects greatly influenced the outcome of a battle. Especially Gu worms, a strange or powerful Gu worm could easily overturn a bad situation.


Bai Ning Bing’s Frost Demon Gu was a rank three Gu worm, so it could penetrate the White Jade Gu’s defenses. That was why Fang Yuan had not engaged Bai Ning Bing personally.


Fang Yuan had used Gu Yue Man Shi, Xiong Li, and the others to fish for Bai Ning Bing’s secrets. After all, only by knowing one’s enemy could one be assured of victory.


Fang Yuan was only C grade; compared to Bai Ning Bing, it was a world of difference. Bai Ning Bing started cultivating earlier and had his clan’s assistance, and he had more outstanding Gu worms in his possession than Fang Yuan.


In terms of temperament, his fearlessness towards death made him almost invulnerable.


Bai Ning Bing was strong, and Fang Yuan was weak. This was the truth, he had to accept it and understand it.


But battles were interesting because the strong might not necessarily win, and the weak might not always fall.


Fang Yuan wanted to win against the odds. It was not impossible, but he had to use all of the methods he possessed, and all the strength he could gather.


Man Shi was just the beginning, and Xiong Li’s group is not the end. Suddenly, Fang Yuan struck.


A moonblade shot out, a head flew away, and blood spewed out onto the ground!


Bai Ning Bing’s pupils shrank to the size of pins, his face pale.


Fang Yuan’s moonblade was not directed at him. It was aimed at Xiong Jiang’s head.


Xiong Jiang did not expect Fang Yuan’s betrayal; all of his focus was directed at Bai Ning Bing.


He did not have much primeval essence left, so to conserve it, he had deactivated the Roaming Zombie Gu. Without its defenses, he died in one blow.


Bam!


Bai Ning Bing vomited blood, and more of it streamed from his ears, nose, and eyes.


Since the battle started, this was the most severe injury he had sustained.


Shadow Bond Gu!


When the user sustained an injury, the linked Gu Master would take 10% of the damage. Now that Xiong Jiang was dead, his injuries were connected through the shadow and transmitted to Bai Ning Bing.


The nature of the Shadow Bond Gu meant that it ignored Bai Ning Bing’s defensive Gu.


“Fang Yuan, what have you done?!” A moment later, Xiong Lin recovered from his shock and shouted in fury, heartbroken.


Fang Yuan ignored him, his body glowing with white light as he charged towards Bai Ning Bing.


Bai Ning Bing’s body was trembling, his head spinning. His battle strength had dropped drastically. Seeing Fang Yuan coming for him, he retreated immediately.


“Bai Ning Bing, didn’t you want a life and death battle?” Fang Yuan said, chasing him relentlessly.


Bai Ning Bing gritted his teeth as he fled in silence. He staggered as he ran, but he forced himself to focus, ignoring Fang Yuan’s taunting.


Although he knew he was a dying man and did not fear death, he was not stupid. In such a dangerous situation, his heart grew calmer.


Xiong Lin stood on the spot, choosing not to help Fang Yuan chase Bai Ning Bing.


His heart was filled with pain and anger. He hated Bai Ning Bing, but he also detested Fang Yuan.


The two Gu Masters ran through the valley, one chasing and one retreating.


As time passed, Bai Ning Bing’s injuries slowly recovered. His nose and eyes stopped bleeding, and his footsteps became more composed.


He was not simply running to escape, but also to gain time to heal his injuries.


Fang Yuan continued his pursuit, secretly shocked.


Previously Bai Ning Bing’s primeval essence was almost fully expended, but in such a short period of time, the amount he recovered was enough to heal himself. What kind of primeval essence recovery speed is this?!


The more he knew, the more determined he was to kill Bai Ning Bing.


Moonglow Gu!


Fang Yuan sent a moonblade flying. It cut through the air, emitting a buzzing sound.


Bai Ning Bing heard it and tried to dodge, but it still sliced his arm.


Blood poured out from the cut, but it was quickly sealed by a layer of frost, stopping the bleeding.


Bai Ning Bing had used a Gu to develop ice muscles. It was similar to using the Black or White Boar Gu to gain strength: once he had obtained them, they required no further primeval essence.


But Bai Ning Bing’s heart continued to sink. Before his old injuries had healed, he had received new ones; evidently, Fang Yuan wanted to slowly grind him to death!


