Chapter 1374: Flying Away


Spectral Soul was, after all, the founder of soul path, a rank nine venerable, one of the ten cultivators at the apex in the long span of history.


It would be a joke if his soul could be easily searched!


Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable cultivated space path and created divine concealment and ghostly concealment, which were in a permanently active state and did not use any immortal essence.


Although Spectral Soul’s main body did not have immortal essence and Gu worms, he absolutely was not to be underestimated.


When Purple Mountain True Monarch handed all his inheritances to Fang Yuan, making Fang Yuan the leader of Shadow Sect, Fang Yuan’s gains naturally greatly surpassed his previous expectations.


“Purple Mountain True Monarch wants me to save these people, even though he did not express this verbally. He was afraid I would be suspicious and not agree to accept his gift?”


“He really put in a lot of effort for this.”


“But if I can make good use of these people, they will indeed be a great help to me. They already have no other options, they are my natural allies.”


“Heh, I’ll bring you all with me then.”


Fang Yuan had never been a narrow-minded person.


Even when he had just transmigrated to this world, he had been like this. His experiences in his previous life and this life made it such that he was much more open-minded than normal people.




Bai Ning Bing, Hei Lou Lan, and Black Tigress had all betrayed him.


But so what?


Fang Yuan completely understood their actions.


All these thoughts flashed in his mind for only a moment.


Fang Yuan stored Purple Mountain True Monarch’s will into his sovereign immortal aperture as well.


Without immortal essence and Immortal Gu, the threat level of this will of Purple Mountain True Monarch was close to zero.


In the future, unless he had no choice, Fang Yuan would absolutely not give immortal essence and Immortal Gu for this purple will to use.


The situation was pressing, Fang Yuan did not have time to inspect his gains, immediately communicating with the purple will in his immortal aperture.


The question he asked was naturally about the method of controlling the upper extreme heavenly eagle that Purple Mountain True Monarch had mentioned before.


It was very risky for Fang Yuan to use reverse flow protection seal right now. As such, the upper extreme heavenly eagle naturally became his first choice.




The advantages of the upper extreme heavenly eagle in place of reverse flow protection seal was that it was faster and could move penetrate space. Moreover, it was an immemorial desolate beast and had an extremely tough body.


Naturally, the precondition was for Fang Yuan to be able to control it.


Although Fang Yuan had reputation restriction Immortal Gu, it was not his and he had only borrowed it from Wu clan, secondly, this Immortal Gu was rank seven and would probably not have enough strength to control the rank eight upper extreme heavenly eagle.


Fang Yuan soon learned of Purple Mountain True Monarch’s method.


And surprisingly, he actually also knew of this method.


This was an enslavement path method and had a relation to a person, this person’s name was somewhat strange, he was called Hundred and Eighty Slaves.


He was an Eastern Sea Gu Immortal who had a rough childhood, he was born as a slave. He used every opportunity he got and took risks to continuously grow, finally climbing to the peak of his life.


He was an absolute genius of enslavement path in his generation.


Normal enslavement path methods were to use a higher status to rule over lower status. But he did the opposite, using beasts of lower status to rule over those of a higher status.


Eastern Sea’s Zombie Alliance had grasped Hundred and Eighty Slaves’ inheritance, and put a portion of its contents on sale to Zombie Alliance’s members.


Shark Demon had once purchased a portion of Hundred and Eighty Slaves’ true inheritance content. He wanted to use groups of sharks to gain control over that one finger flow shark.


Unfortunately, he was routed by Blazing Heaven Demoness, and with Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance’s headquarters being schemed by Shadow Sect, not only him, even his wife Su Bai Man was turned into Gu materials to refine sovereign immortal fetus Gu.


Shadow Sect’s foundation was extremely deep, Purple Mountain True Monarch was a first generation split soul, he definitely did not have just one method to enslave the immemorial desolate beast upper extreme heavenly eagle. But what Purple Mountain True Monarch could offer right now was only this method of Hundred and Eighty Slaves.


To speak of it, it was actually quite fortunate.


Purple Mountain True Monarch was in possession of many Immortal Gu, but earlier on, he had set up the purple blood river formation. And in his one hundred thousand years of life, he had been spreading true inheritances everywhere. It was not easy for his current variety of Gu worms to use a method of enslaving the upper extreme heavenly eagle.


“This immortal killer move is called hundred and eighty slaves, he used his own name for it, it seems that Hundred and Eighty Slaves regarded it as his main trump card and his proudest method.”


“This killer move is not difficult, and I have all the required Immortal Gu as well. Its mortal Gu are common and can be bought from treasure yellow heaven. It seems… Shadow Sect had already modified hundred and eighty slaves.”


“What I lack now are eagle type desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts.”


Fang Yuan’s thoughts moved rapidly, the upper extreme heavenly eagle continued to mature while large amounts of heavenly crystals were expended.


Fang Yuan began to wantonly buy eagle type desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts from treasure yellow heaven.


Transactions of live desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts had always had a huge market in treasure yellow heaven.


But eagles were somewhat rare among these.


Time was pressing, Fang Yuan did not have much choice, he hesitated slightly before making a decision.


He recklessly proclaimed in treasure yellow heaven: “Purchasing eagle type desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts at a high price, we can trade with Immortal Gu as well!”


In an instant, this caused an uproar.


Using Immortal Gu to purchase desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts?


Immortal Gu were unique and extremely difficult to refine, while desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts were easy to raise and cultivate.


He was clearly trading at a loss.


However, Fang Yuan had to disregard it.


Soon, he attracted the attention of many Gu Immortals.


“I have both desolate beast and ancient desolate beast mixed heavenly eagles, what Immortal Gu are you selling?” The first Gu Immortal asked.


The mixed heavenly eagle was not a normal eagle, it had an eagle head and a human body, a pair of hands with five human fingers and sharp nails, its feet were that of an eagle, and it had eagle wings. It liked to use a long bone as a staff to fight.


“This mixed heavenly eagle might have a peculiar appearance, but it is indeed an eagle, I can use it.” Fang Yuan thought, before inquiring: “How many do you have?”


“I have thirty-three desolate beast mixed heavenly eagles and seven ancient mixed heavenly eagles.” That Gu Immortal responded.


Fang Yuan nodded and said without hesitation: “I will buy them. I have a rank six Immortal Gu here.”


“Only a rank six Immortal Gu? These are seven ancient desolate beasts.” The Gu Immortal said in a dissatisfied tone.


Fang Yuan was even more dissatisfied, directly shouting: “Get lost if you are not selling!”


That Gu Immortal’s attitude immediately changed: “Oh, don’t get so angry. I will sell, I will sell them! How could I not sell?”


The moment this transaction was completed, it immediately created even more uproar in treasure yellow heaven.


Treasure yellow heaven’s transactions were open, everyone had personally seen both sides transacting.


“He actually used an Immortal Gu to buy the desolate beasts? This is an unprecedented event!”


“There is something wrong with this Gu Immortal’s brain! Although there are a lot of mixed heavenly eagles, how many immortal materials could they be turned into? Using equivalent immortal materials, they would only be barely enough for ten attempts in refining that rank six Immortal Gu he used.”


Refining Immortal Gu was truly too difficult with extremely low success rate.


Ten times looked like a lot, but in truth, there were many Gu Immortals who had to attempt fifty or sixty times to refine Immortal Gu.


“It is not a fraud, right? Does this Immortal Gu has hidden problems?” A Gu Immortal was doubtful.


“No chance! This is treasure yellow heaven, who can deceive it? The treasure light it emitted was genuine.”


“My turn, I have rainbow chasing eagles, over a hundred of them.” Someone came to transact.


Rainbow chasing eagles were rather small and were all desolate beasts, there had never been an ancient desolate beast level rainbow chasing eagle.


This eagle did not have strong battle strength. Wild rainbow chasing eagles liked to chase after rainbows, there was little to comment on their other aspects, but in terms of speed, they were outstanding.


“Alright, this rank six Immortal Gu is yours.” Fang Yuan directly was ready to buy it.


The seller asked awkwardly: “Can we change it to another Immortal Gu? I had to raise these rainbow chasing eagles for over a hundred years before they could grow to this scale.”


Fang Yuan’s stance was firm: “Get lost! Trade if you want, or screw off somewhere!”


“Don’t, don’t, don’t.”


“Are you trading or not?”


“Trading, trading.”


Fang Yuan’s divine sense snorted: “If I were not in urgent need of eagles, would you people be able to get such benefits? Hurry up, here, take your Immortal Gu, my time is precious.”


Thereupon, the following Gu Immortals all started addressing Fang Yuan as senior.


The scene was getting crowded, even the Gu Immortals who did not have eagle type desolate beasts gathered to watch this show, to see this eccentric character who was using Immortal Gu to buy desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts.


Treasure yellow heaven’s commotion naturally attracted the attention of many forces in the five regions.


Among them was naturally Heavenly Court, as well as Longevity Heaven and so on.


However, they were unable to stop Fang Yuan.


Treasure yellow heaven had always maintained neutrality, no one could find its location and no one was able to exert influence on it.


In just a short while, Fang Yuan had gathered enough eagle type desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts.


For this, Fang Yuan paid four Immortal Gu, three rank six and one rank seven.


In return, the number of eagles he obtained was shocking, reaching over four hundred. Most of them were desolate beasts while twenty percent were ancient desolate beasts.


At the same time, he had also gathered enough of the necessary mortal Gu.


Fang Yuan began to try activating the immortal killer move hundred and eighty slaves.


He was careful because this was the first time he was using this move.


His speed was slow, even though he could not afford to waste a single second in this current situation!


Gu worms after Gu worms were activated, Fang Yuan’s progress was quite steady.


Guh.


Suddenly, his body shook as he coughed out a mouthful of blood.


The activation had failed and the backlash caused him injuries. Large amounts of mortal Gu were destroyed and his mental energy was also expended by a lot.


Man as Before!


Instantly, Fang Yuan recovered.


He had no expression on his face as he continued to activate the killer move hundred and eighty slaves.


Failure.


Another failure.


After repeatedly failing for three times, by the fourth time, Fang Yuan resisted an intense headache, finally activating the killer move.


A bunch of strange lights covered the upper extreme heavenly eagle.


The upper extreme heavenly eagle raised its head and gave a clear and resonant cry, submitting itself to the rule of Fang Yuan.


“Success!” Fang Yuan had no time to be happy as he heard Hei Lou Lan’s voice: “Quick, I am about to lose control over the Gu formation.”


Fang Yuan gritted his teeth, immediately letting out the upper extreme heavenly eagle.


“You will not escape!” Fairy Zi Wei’s slightly dismayed voice resounded.


Fang Yuan had, under her nose, become the new leader of Shadow Sect, and was still trying to escape, he was truly disregarding Fairy Zi Wei.


But right at this time, Fang Yuan let out Purple Mountain True Monarch’s will, along with immortal essence and a few Immortal Gu.


“Fang Yuan, remember what I told you. Leave quickly.” The purple will said this and activated a killer move, pouncing at the super Gu formation and colliding into it.


At the next moment, the upper extreme heavenly eagle carried Fang Yuan and the rest, piercing into space, appearing outside the Gu formation.


With one flap of its wings, it immediately soared to the sky.


With another flap, it had already become a tiny dark dot in the horizon, flying out of everyone’s vision.




