Chapter 138: Someone Is Actually Chasing Him?


Hehehe, there has never been anyone who forced me into such a state! Fang Yuan, you…are interesting. Once I recover, I’ll definitely kill you!! Bai Ning Bing screamed in his heart as he ran.


Fang Yuan’s killing intent made him feel suffocated.


It was, to him, an unprecedented experience.


The thick aura of death made him shudder, and he developed a twisted sense of excitement.


Behind him, Fang Yuan was getting closer and closer.


“Take this!” Bai Ning Bing suddenly flicked his wrist and threw a black Gu worm.


Fang Yuan slowed, ready to deal with the sudden attack, but when he approached, he found that Bai Ning Bing had merely thrown the Plunder Gu he had taken from Xiong Zhan.


Fang Yuan caught the Gu worm in his hands.


It was a black beetle of normal size, with a pair of metal antennae and white spots on its back.


Using the Spring Autumn Cicada’s aura, Fang Yuan easily refined the Plunder Gu and put it away in his aperture.


He continued chasing.


For Bai Ning Bing to use such a method, it showed the severity of his injuries and how desperate the situation was for him. Even so, it had worked: the distance between them had grown.


Unfortunately, I lack a movement Gu worm. Otherwise, I would have caught him already. Fang Yuan sighed in his heart.


He actually refined the Plunder Gu instantly? Bai Ning Bing was shocked.


He had been attempting to refine it over the past few days. Although he had made some progress, the process was tough and he had not yet succeeded. Part of the reason was because Xiong Zhan’s death was due to his own inaction. Xiong Zhan’s will still lingered in the Plunder Gu, and it bore hatred towards Bai Ning Bing, so it fought harder when he tried to refine it.


But out of the corner of his eye, he had seen Fang Yuan instantly refine it!


There were a few Gu worms that could do this.


But Bai Ning Bing had never owned one. To think that Fang Yuan would have one…


Without realizing it, he had become more wary of Fang Yuan. His mental image of him had grown more mysterious and dangerous.


However, as time passed, Fang Yuan’s heart was the one that sank.


The longer the chase dragged on,the more primeval essence Bai Ning Bing would recover, and the more he would heal his injuries. Fang Yuan’s advantage over him would become smaller and smaller.


I’m afraid I won’t be able to kill him this time! Fang Yuan sighed in his heart.


It wouldn’t be long before Bai Ning Bing would have recovered enough to reach a turning point.


Although Fang Yuan had been throwing out moonblades to injure him further, the Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique’s talent was like a gift from the heavens. He estimated that its natural recovery rate was even faster than someone using primeval stones.


Unless…we run into a group up ahead that is trapped by the wolf pack. Or if a group traveling through the mountains happens upon us and can temporarily block him. But if they are from the Bai Clan, I’ll be in danger.


Fang Yuan’s thoughts flowed like a whirlpool. He began to consider retreating.


They had been running for quite some time, but they did not encounter a single pack of wolves or Gu Master group. This meant that Bai Ning Bing, who was choosing where to run, had a recon Gu worm and could avoid danger.


Qing Mao Mountain was too large, and he could escape in almost any direction. Fang Yuan had no way to force him to follow a particular path.


•••


“Against the wolf tide, the most important thing is to stay together and avoid being surrounded. Once you are isolated, you will be in danger,” Qing Shu told Fang Zheng as they ran on the road.


“If the pack is led by a hundred beast king, we can make use of the terrain and defeat them head on. But if it is led by a thousand beast king, the first thing to do is retreat, then use the Signal Gu and wait for reinforcements from the surrounding Gu Master groups. We need at least three groups to cooperate to have a good chance of defeating a Frenzy Lightning Wolf. Of course, wolves are not the only opponents we have to worry about…”


Qing Shu paused.


The other four knew who he was talking about.


Obviously, it was Bai Ning Bing.


Recently, he had been challenging people all over. He had suppressed his cultivation to rank two and found trouble with Xiong Li, Chi Shan, and the other elites.


And he had declared that Qing Shu would be his next target.


“If we encounter Bai Ning Bing,” Qing Shu continued, “the best thing to do would be to avoid fighting.”


Fang Zheng felt a disturbance in his heart at these words.


In his mind, Qing Shu, although mild on the outside, had a tough personality and stuck close to his principles. Fang Zheng felt a strong sense of kinship from his captain, and in return, he respected and loved him like family. He naturally didn’t want to see Bai Ning Bing defeat Qing Shu.


“Everyone has been talking about Bai Ning Bing, what kind of person is he?” Fang Zheng asked, frowning.


The other three people in the group became solemn.


Qing Shu smiled kindly towards Fang Zheng. “He is Qing Mao Mountain’s number one genius! Fang Zheng, listen well. You are still young, and have A grade talent. You might be able to surpass him in the future. So before you fully grow up, avoid direct conflicts with him. Remember the story I told you before? Sometimes, people have to lower their heads.”


Fang Zheng looked towards Qing Shu, and when they made eye contact, he could not help but nod. “I understand, Brother Qing Shu. Please be rest assured.”


“Good…” Qing Shu was still speaking when suddenly the recon Gu Master interrupted, “Not too far ahead, there is a Gu Master moving rapidly.”


Everyone’s expressions changed.


The healing Gu Master Yao Hong’s expression was solemn. “Must be a small team that got scattered by the wolf pack, let’s go save them.”


“Could it be Bai Ning Bing? Doesn’t he usually travel alone?” Fang Zheng suggested.


“It could be him, or not. But if it really is a Gu Master that got lost, no matter which village, they are our alliance mate. We have to go save them,” Qing Shu said, charging towards the approaching Gu Master.


The four around him followed closely.


But soon, the recon Gu Master spoke again. “It is not just one. Behind the first Gu Master, there is another one.”


“It’s actually two Gu Masters, huh. It seems it’s like Sister Yao Hong said. It should be a group that got separated by the wolf packs,” Fang Zheng sighed in relief.


Qing Shu’s expression was unchanging, but the other three became more relaxed.


If someone was observing from above, they would see Qing Shu’s group, Fang Yuan, and Bai Ning Bing all converging on the mountain road.


•••


Oh? Bai Ning Bing’s expression changed. He had a recon Gu, and he detected a group of five Gu Masters approaching.


He quickly changed his direction.


Although his Gu could detect them, it could not tell him their identities. Every Gu worm had one ability, and thus had its pros and cons.


Take Fang Yuan’s Earth Communication Ear Grass for example. It scouted using sound, and was most sensitive to footsteps, but it could not discern information such as gender. And if a Gu Master silenced their movements using a Gu like the Silent Step Gu, he would not be able to detect them.


Since he didn’t know who they were, Bai Ning Bing chose to avoid them.


But this time, the situation was different. Qing Shu’s group was full of elites, and their recon Gu Master was a professional as well.


There’s someone up ahead! Soon after, Fang Yuan detected Qing Shu’s group.


As he was sprinting, he could not plant his ear’s roots in the ground, so his detection range was not even half of its peak.


Bai Ning Bing turned away from the oncoming group once again, but Qing Shu’s group followed closely, changing their direction to match.


Both Bai Ning Bing’s and Fang Yuan’s expressions turned serious.


They were both extremely clever, and understood at once: this unknown group was the biggest uncertainty, it would definitely affect the result of the battle.


If it is a Bai Clan group, I will immediately use the Stealth Scales Gu and retreat. But if it is one of the other two clans, hehe. Fang Yuan’s eyes shone with a cold light.


He knew that this decision carried certain risks.


If it was a Bai Clan group and someone among them had a method to detect him through his invisibility, he could end up in a desperate situation.


But if he lost this prime opportunity, he would probably never have another shot at killing Bai Ning Bing.


Furthermore, he had a two thirds chance that the group belonged to a clan that benefited him, while Bai Ning Bing only had one third. Fang Yuan had good reason to take the gamble.


As they sprinted, the two parties continued to get closer.


“We can almost see them, they are right past that corner,” the recon Gu Master pointed at a curve along the mountain path.


They could not help but slow down, preparing to meet the two approaching Gu Masters.


A white figure turned around the corner and appeared in front of them.


“Bai Ning Bing!” Fang Zheng shouted in dismay. He had obviously seen Bai Ning Bing’s portrait before.


The other four’s expressions sank, even Qing Shu.


“Bai Ning Bing is in such a sorry state, he must’ve encountered a Frenzy Lightning Wolf pack.”


“Hmph, he deserves it. Traveling alone in the wolf tide, who does he think he is?”


Nobody wanted to go up and greet him.


Bai Ning Bing’s movements and expression indicated that he was escaping, causing Qing Shu’s group to feel happy internally.


But at that moment, Fang Yuan’s shout came from around the corner. “Bai Ning Bing, why are you running? I must kill you today!”


He was trying to test the water.


From using the Earth Communication Ear Grass, he knew that there was an unknown group of five around the corner.


If it was a Bai Clan group, this proclamation would invite an enraged response.


Qing Shu and the others heard the shout and their eyes went wide.


“What’s going on?”


“Someone is actually chasing him and trying to kill him?”


“Did I hear that wrong?”


“Who in the world is chasing him that could get him into such a pathetic state?”


They could not help but exchange shocked glances.


Fang Zheng felt suspicion beneath his shock. “This voice, why is it so familiar?”


Before he could remember, Fang Yuan rounded the corner.


“What?” Qing Shu went from serious to dumbfounded.


The other four stared, eyes so wide it seemed as though they would pop out of their skulls.


“This, this, this!” Yao Hong’s mouth hung open wide enough to swallow a duck egg whole.


“Big Brother!” Fang Zheng was tongue tied.


“It’s him?” Even Qing Shu, with his outstanding composure, was shocked beyond words.


