Chapter 1380: Location Exposed


Shadow Sect might have been thoroughly beaten, with Spectral Soul captured and only Ying Wu Xie and Sixth Hair remaining as viable split souls, but it still had many resources left behind.


Immortal Gu and immortal materials only occupied a small portion, the keys were Immortal Gu recipes, immortal killer moves, Immortal Gu Houses and so on.


There were massive amounts of Immortal Gu recipes, countless immortal killer moves, and even twelve construction plans of Immortal Gu Houses.


Profound Ice House, Unbreakable Iron Fortress, Blood River Chariot, Nightmare Castle, Green Wave Pavilion, Weaving Cocoon Manor, Golden Altar, Regret Pool, Sacred Feather City…


There were also clues to all kinds of true inheritances.


For instance, Bai Xiang’s true inheritance, even the secret of five Xiangs, the true inheritance of Paradise Earth in the blue dragon whale, clues to Red Lotus’ true inheritance, clues to Reckless Savage’s true inheritance….


Naturally, these true inheritances were hard to obtain, if not for this, Shadow Sect would have already taken them and used them to increase their foundation, and help in refining sovereign immortal fetus Gu.


Even without these clues, just Spectral Soul’s own true inheritances were an enormous gain.


Spectral Soul Demon Venerable had used all kinds of soul path methods to massacre life forms of the five regions. His soul devouring method could absorb the experiences and memories of its prey. His split soul technique created generations of Shadow Sect members. His soul replacement technique could create a masterpiece spy like Sixth Hair, and he had even inserted a spy in Heavenly Court. Furthermore, his own soul cultivation, his final form, Fang Yuan could clearly remember how Spectral Soul had used his soul alone to resist the tribulations in the Battle of Yi Tian Mountain!


Right now, there were two most important matters in front of Fang Yuan.


First was information path, he needed to resolve the investigative killer move on him as well as various alliance agreements, and regain his freedom.




Second was wisdom Gu. Fang Yuan had now already grasped the method to undo the soul path dao marks in his immortal zombie body. At that time, he could regain wisdom Gu’s acknowledgement and obtain the massive help of the light of wisdom!


Bai Ning Bing continued: “I already have yin yang rotation Gu now, but I need to advance it to immortal level before I can reverse this female body. But refinement path is too vast and profound, yin yang rotation Gu is also not my vital Gu, I don’t have confidence in doing so.”


Fang Yuan nodded: “I understand. Shadow Sect will help you refine it, this is what your agreement with Shadow Sect was. I am now the leader of Shadow Sect, I can also acknowledge the previous agreement. Because we will need to rely on each other for a long time now, isn’t that right?”


“It is good you have such awareness.” Bai Ning Bing lightly glanced at Fang Yuan, before leaving in satisfaction.


To speak of it, Shadow Sect had more women than men.


Bai Ning Bing, Hei Lou Lan, Lady White Rabbit and Fairy Miao Yin were all female immortals, only Ying Wu Xie and Fang Yuan were males.


After this round of discussions, Fang Yuan, the new Shadow Sect leader, had obtained true acknowledgement.


As for Ying Wu Xie, he was still in a dispirited state.


He turned a deaf ear to everything Fang Yuan said.


Killing intent surged in Fang Yuan’s mind and he wanted to end Ying Wu Xie’s life, taking all the Immortal Gu as well as grasping an excellent method like lead soul into dream.




However, Fang Yuan thought of it and decided there was no hurry for now.


He had already grasped all the contents of lead soul into dream, and only lacked the Gu worms, but this move had a huge burden on a Gu Immortal’s mind, it was also complex and very difficult to learn, and there were other aspects that were even more difficult to take into consideration.


Even if Fang Yuan took the Immortal Gu, he would have to spend some time before he could be proficient in it.


Naturally, he also had other methods.


For instance, the soul devouring method.


As long as he devoured Ying Wu Xie’s soul, Fang Yuan would have memories and large amounts of experience related to lead soul into dream.


Back then, when Ying Wu Xie had just been born, he was able to quickly use lead soul into dream, it was because the original split soul contained large amounts of memories pertaining to it.


There was another reason as well, Sixth Hair.


Sixth Hair was a spy placed in Lang Ya blessed land by Shadow Sect, Fang Yuan already knew of that.


But, after Fang Yuan became Shadow Sect’s leader, he could not say for sure if he would obtain Sixth Hair’s acknowledgement.


Sixth Hair was one of the split souls of Spectral Soul, which had infiltrated into Lang Ya blessed land and slowly grew up into a refinement path Gu Immortal. He and Fang Yuan had a hostile relation, now all of a sudden, Fang Yuan had become the leader of Shadow Sect, although it was Purple Mountain True Monarch’s will, would Sixth Hair accept it?


Fang Yuan did not have confidence.


More importantly, Sixth Hair was not bound by an alliance agreement of Shadow Sect.


He could not have that.


If he had an information path alliance agreement, it could easily be seen through by Lang Ya land spirit, his identity would be exposed.


After all, no matter which Lang Ya land spirit it was, they were both refinement path experts, they naturally had all kinds of methods to see the dao marks in immortal materials.


Fang Yuan did not know what Sixth Hair’s stance would be, but he understood that if he casually sacrificed Ying Wu Xie and took away his Gu worms, there would be little hope of Sixth Hair acknowledging him.


Sixth Hair did not have high value himself, but he was a member of Lang Ya Sect. If used properly, who was to say that he would not be of help to Fang Yuan in the future to topple the whole of Lang Ya Sect!


Fang Yuan did not want to lose this possibility for the moment.


The gains could not match the losses, as such, Fang Yuan chose to let Lady White Rabbit look over Ying Wu Xie, while he entered closed cultivation to resolve the investigative killer move on him.


When Purple Mountain True Monarch’s Immortal Gu ended up in Fang Yuan’s hands, they were no longer a comprehensive set.


However, these Gu worms could barely form an immortal killer move called wisdom balances calamity, which could dispel the hidden dangers to oneself. Although it was not specially suited to his needs, it was the strongest method Fang Yuan could use currently.


Fang Yuan had never used wisdom balances calamity, but fortunately, its structure was simple, it used few Immortal Gu and its steps were uncomplicated as well.


If it were a complex killer move, Fang Yuan would not have chosen to attempt it so lightly.


Red date immortal essence started to be expended as Gu worms activated according to Fang Yuan’s thoughts and will.


Shortly after, a mysterious light spread out from Fang Yuan’s body.


Bam.


The next moment, the mysterious light suddenly collapsed, producing a muffled sound.


Fang Yuan’s body slightly shook, two streams of blood flowing down his nose.


The activation had failed.


However, this situation was within Fang Yuan’s expectations.


New killer moves needed to be attempted many times before they could be successfully activated.


Man as Before!


Fang Yuan quickly recovered to his prime state and began to try again.


Second try, failure.


Third try, failure.


…


Fifth try, sixth try, failure.


…


While Fang Yuan was activating the killer move, in Southern Border’s Wu clan.


Supreme elder Wu Fa was facing a small Gu formation.


This Gu formation was only the size of a water vat, but it used as many as a thousand Gu worms. The Gu formation was spread on the ground and was controlled by three other Wu clan Gu Immortals, who were continuously pouring in their immortal essence.


The Gu formation activated, and started revolving quickly like a whirlpool.


“Ready?” Wu Fa asked.


The three Wu clan Gu Immortals nodded slightly, their attention completely on controlling this immortal Gu formation.


Wu Fa slowly spread his hand open, revealing two mortal Gu in it.


A life tablet Gu and a soul lantern Gu.


He carefully tossed these two Gu worms into the Gu formation.


These two mortal Gu were quickly engulfed and disappeared in the whirlpool.


The rotation speed of the whirlpool suddenly increased by several times.


Sweat covered the foreheads of all three Wu clan Gu Immortals, their expressions turned pale and their bodies started trembling.


After continuing for a while, two Gu Immortals directly collapsed on the ground, unconscious. The only remaining one slowly opened his eyes and gave a location with extreme exhaustion.


Wu Fa quickly transmitted this location to Wu Yong.


“Wu Yi Hai is likely to have been taken captive by Shadow Sect, since his life tablet Gu has not shattered, we can use this crucial clue to find Shadow Sect’s hideout. Plunder Shadow Earth Trench…”


Thinking of this, Wu Yong called out to the Southern Border righteous forces: “I have a clue, follow me!”


Plunder Shadow Earth Trench.


Fang Yuan’s expression was unsightly.


“Wisdom balances calamity actually cannot break the investigative killer move on me?! It seems I need to use a stronger method.”


At this time, Hei Lou Lan’s urgent voice reached Fang Yuan’s ears: “The situation is not good! Plunder Shadow Earth Trench’s Gu formation suddenly broke. It can prevent others’ deductions, it seems our location is exposed.”


“Hmm, I already know.” Fang Yuan was not surprised. He was in control of this Gu formation, any problem in the Gu formation would be immediately known by him.


Fang Yuan was not panicking at the incoming peril, he had already thought of a way.


“Everyone, come over.”


“We need to practise the ancient battle formation Omni-directional Travel!”




