Chapter 139: Sacrifice of an Arm


Who was Bai Ning Bing?

The number one genius of Qing Mao Mountain, someone who could single-handedly change the power structure of the three clans, someone whose cultivation speed left everyone dumbfounded, dimming the luster of even A grade geniuses. No one doubted his future accomplishments; even his enemies had no choice but to accept the fact that his talent was unparalleled.

But now, someone was actually making this genius flee in such a wretched state.

No one among Qing Shu’s group expected this.

What was even more astonishing was that the person chasing after Bai Ning Bing was actually from their clan: Fang Yuan.

Their impressions of him were mainly based around the graduation arena battles and his feat of chasing away the River-Swallowing Toad. And ever since he had admitted defeat when Xiong Li challenged him, his true strength was widely underestimated.

“When did Fang Yuan become so powerful?”

They found it difficult to accept.

Fang Yuan turned around the corner.

Qing Shu! His mind jolted when he saw the group.

I won the gamble. Bai Ning Bing, today will be the day you die. He shouted, “Little Brother, you were here! Great! Quickly, stop Bai Ning Bing! He is a heinous murderer who killed Xiong Li’s group and even Man Shi’s group!”

“What?”

“But our clans have signed a treaty!”

“No, nothing is too excessive for Bai Ning Bing.”

“So it was like that! No wonder Fang Yuan was able to chase Bai Ning Bing…”

Qing Shu’s group came to a collective realization. They guessed that Bai Ning Bing had fought several intense battles in a row, causing his battle strength to fall to its lowest state and allowing Fang Yuan to luckily seize the upper hand.

Am I really going to die here? No, I have just enough primeval essence to detonate my Frost Demon Gu. I still have hope! Bai Ning Bing thought. In front of him was Qing Shu’s group and behind him was Fang Yuan. The situation was extremely unfavorable.

Actually, Fang Yuan and Fang Zheng were not on good terms, and Fang Zheng naturally wouldn’t heed his words. But Bai Ning Bing didn’t know that. As an outsider, he only saw the similarity in appearance between Fang Zheng and Fang Yuan, and firmly made a choice.

He lifted his right arm, pouring all the hard-earned primeval essence that he had recovered into the Frost Demon Gu in his right palm.

The flesh of his right arm transformed into a light blue ice, his bones visible within.

Bang!

Bai Ning Bing’s whole right arm suddenly exploded.

Steam and mist arose, and an intense chill pervaded the surroundings.

Snap, crack.

Pure white frost spread onto the narrow mountain path in the blistering summer heat, covering the soil and the trees. The temperature dropped abruptly.

“He sacrificed his entire right arm!” Fang Zheng was aghast at Bai Ning Bing’s ruthless move.

“Quick, retreat.” Qing Shu grabbed Fang Zheng and hurriedly ran back.

A wave of frost rushed towards them like the wolf tide.

It would be very troublesome if they actually got frozen.

Fang Yuan joined up with Qing Shu’s group as they retreated to a distance of a hundred steps. The onslaught of frost gradually dwindled.

Originally, the mountain path had been full of lush trees, filled with the fragrance of wild plants. Now, it had become a world of ice. The trees were all frozen and there was a thick layer of snow on the ground.

Fang Yuan stepped onto the snow and approached the middle of the mountain path.

Bai Ning Bing’s whole body was frozen in ice like an insect in amber, his expression still showing the malevolent decisiveness and ruthlessness of his personality.

“He…committed suicide?” Fang Zheng muttered. The rest of them had quickly followed after Fang Yuan.

“No!” Qing Shu’s expression was very heavy. “Bai Ning Bing has already formed ice muscles. This ice won’t kill him, it will instead act as a cocoon and give him time to recover.”

Fang Yuan stared closely at Bai Ning Bing and threw a moonblade.

Screech.

It produced a crisp sound when it struck the block of ice.

The frozen cocoon was three meters tall and two meters wide, and the moonblade left only a shallow scar on its surface. In moments, the cold aura enveloping the ice healed the damage, and the scar disappeared.

“Fang Yuan, is what you said earlier true?” Qing Shu looked towards Fang Yuan.

“Of course. Only Xiong Lin remains from his group, and he can testify for me,” Fang Yuan nodded and answered. “We can’t stay here for too long; the details will have to wait. We must quickly leave this place.”

He had made up his mind to leave.

He knew he was unable to destroy this ice crystal. Even if they were to combine their strength to destroy it, it would waste a lot of time and primeval essence.

By the time Bai Ning Bing broke out of the ice, their fighting strength would have dropped and his fighting strength would have recovered, leaving them in a bad situation.

“Leave? Why should we leave?” Fang Zheng couldn’t refrain from asking loudly. “Bai Ning Bing has already destroyed his right arm, and with the battles he went through, he is tired both mentally and physically. We can break open this ice crystal and activate the Signal Gu for the clan’s reinforcements to eliminate him! This is an extremely rare opportunity.”

Everyone’s hearts were moved by these words.

Since Fang Yuan could chase Bai Ning Bing and try to kill him, why can’t we do the same? Several Gu Masters exchanged glances as they had such thoughts.

“If we kill Bai Ning Bing, we will become great heroes of the Gu Yue Clan!”

“But if we kill him, won’t Bai Village start a war in their anger? And right now, there is the wolf tide…”

“No, it is exactly because there is a wolf tide that we can kill Bai Ning Bing. Bai Village will just have to swallow their bitterness.”

“Right, a dead genius isn’t a genius!”

The group members spoke one after the other, their minds set on fame and glory.

Truly stupid. How can you imagine the power of the Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique? Fang Yuan narrowed his eyes while sneering inwardly. He was not going to accompany these people if they wanted to look for death.

Qing Shu also hesitated.

There was no doubt he had a much deeper understanding of Bai Ning Bing than the rest of his group.

He didn’t know of the secret of the Ten Extreme Physiques, but he didn’t have a strong desire for the fame of killing Bai Ning Bing, either.

He was indifferent towards fame and profit. He had once been nurtured by Gu Yue Bo as the next clan head, but he willingly gave up this position to Fang Zheng.

His true concerns lay within the interests of the clan, and his heart was intricately linked with the clan’s well-being.

Bai Village’s recent rise is entirely due to Bai Ning Bing. If we kill him, our Gu Yue Clan will remain the number one clan of Qing Mao Mountain! Although he is a rank three Gu Master, I have the Wood Charm Gu and the ability to fight with him. Moreover, he just lost his right arm, and he will certainly need some time to get used to the absence of a limb. This will give him a great disadvantage in a life and death battle! Qing Shu thought.

His gaze turned resolute.

Fang Yuan had been observing Qing Shu the entire time. He realized what the green-haired man had chosen to do when he saw his expression.

If Qing Shu uses the Wood Charm Gu without any regards to the consequences, he will be much stronger than the average rank three Gu Master. He will certainly be able to surpass the difference between ranks and fight Bai Ning Bing. However, his opponent possesses the Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique. The battle definitely won’t be easy. Since Bai Ning Bing can dilute his primeval essence and suppress his strength, he can naturally restore his rank three cultivation. Right now, he has enough time inside the ice crystal to remove this restriction. Once he breaks out, it will very likely be as a rank three Gu Master.

Bai Ning Bing was extremely talented, and Fang Yuan had needed external help to fight against him even when Bai Ning Bing’s cultivation was suppressed to rank two.

Once he returned to rank three, his fighting strength would rise several times over. Fang Yuan was the main cause of the loss of his right arm, so when the battle began anew, it would be in Bai Ning Bing’s ruthless nature to target him first.

Moreover, Fang Yuan didn’t want to reveal his true strength in front of Qing Shu.

Thus, Fang Yuan immediately expressed his intention to flee and left the battlefield, ignoring the others’ urges to stay.

“He really left? Such a coward.”

“Hmph, him leaving is good. If he were to meddle, it might affect our teamwork.”

“Hahaha, it really frightened me when I saw him chasing after Bai Ning Bing. Now, it seems Fang Yuan is indeed Fang Yuan: a coward who admitted defeat in the Gu battle competition!”

“Quit it, everyone has their own ambitions. At the very least, he gave us intel on Bai Ning Bing before he left. Moreover, he will inform the clan, who will send reinforcements.” As Qing Shu gazed at Fang Yuan’s departing figure, his brows furrowed slightly.

“Captain, you’re too kind. There is no need to make justifications for cowards like Fang Yuan.”

“Right. Although he’s Fang Zheng’s older brother, the way I see it, they are worlds apart.”

“I-I have already stopped talking with him,” Fang Zheng said, his face growing red. He felt ashamed that his own brother was running away from a battle.

“Fang Zheng, you leave too,” Qing Shu suddenly said.

“What?!” Fang Zheng’s eyes widened.

“As the clan’s only A grade talent, we can’t lose you. Bai Ning Bing may have lost an arm, but the following battle will definitely be very dangerous. We can die for the clan, but you, Fang Zheng, must not die.”

The other four members were all moved.

“Well said!” Bright laughter echoed as an old Gu Master appeared.

“Lord Elder.” Fang Zheng promptly paid his respects. He recognized this man as a very senior clan elder.

The elder drew near, looking at Qing Shu with praise. “Gu Yue Bo raised a great adopted son. With such loyalty to the clan, why would we have to worry about our future?”

Fang Zheng was still growing, and after Wang Er’s assassination attempt, the clan had sent an elder to shadow Fang Zheng and protect him.

“Fang Zheng, you don’t need to take part in the fight. But don’t leave; you can just observe from a distance. Isn’t it just Bai Ning Bing? I’ve always heard about how outstanding he is and how he has the strength of an elder. Hmph, now it seems he is only a kid. How much battle experience can he have? Mutilating himself, he is really amateurish!” The elder snorted in disdain.

Qing Shu wanted to argue, but he knew it wouldn’t do to contradict the elder’s decision.

As a junior, he needed to respect the old and take care of the young. How could he so easily rebut and question his elder?

