Chapter 1392: So It Was the Scheme of Heavens Will


Wu Yong took the initiative to retreat, Fang Yuan and Feng Jiu Ge were not happy, their hearts sank.


Wu Yong could move ahead to attack, he could naturally retreat too.


Fang Yuan and Feng Jiu Ge both hoped that Wu Yong would fight against them to the death.


But Wu Yong did not do that, he chose to retreat in a logical and wise manner.


He was a rank eight righteous path Gu Immortal, against two rank sevens, he actually chose to retreat.


If news got out, Wu Yong would lose a portion of his reputation.


The reason why it was only a portion was because his opponents were the famous Feng Jiu Ge and Liu Guan Yi (Fang Yuan).


Wu Yong needed a lot of courage to do this.


Of course, he needed great wisdom!


Immortal battlefield killer move four clear transforming winds was broken, Wu Yong suffered a backlash from the killer move and was heavily injured.


But he had Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building, he could still fight.




But when he found out that Feng Jiu Ge could move, and he could do nothing to Fang Yuan, he sensibly chose to retreat.


This was a great move.


In fact, this was even more powerful than his fierce attacks earlier, Fang Yuan’s and Feng Jiu Ge’s weaknesses were immediately targeted.


Firstly, only a few edges of Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building had broken, it was still incredibly fast.


It was impossible for Fang Yuan and Feng Jiu Ge to chase after Wu Yong. Especially when Fang Yuan’s upper extreme heavenly eagle was no longer under his control.


Secondly, Wu Yong obtained precious time to calmly heal himself.


After all, his wounds were not light, his battle strength was severely affected.


And finally, Wu Yong could repair Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building, and even add in more Gu worms to the Immortal Gu House, he would not be so passive when facing Feng Jiu Ge’s immortal killer move again.


Wu Yong’s sound path attainment level was only ordinary, but his wind path attainment had long reached the level of mimicking other paths. He could totally use wind path methods to weaken the effects of Feng Jiu Ge’s killer move.


That was to say, when Wu Yong pursued them again, Fang Yuan and Feng Jiu Ge would have a face a fully healed rank eight Gu Immortal with a peak condition Immortal Gu House, Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building, that was completely prepared for Feng Jiu Ge!




Wu Yong could retreat as he pleased, he did not need to desperately fight with Fang Yuan or Feng Jiu Ge, he could wait for a better opportunity later.


In contrast, Fang Yuan and Feng Jiu Ge could do nothing to him, they were in the passive position.


Fang Yuan only had reverse flow protection seal, while Feng Jiu Ge might have an immortal battlefield killer move, but even if he had time to set it up, he could not trap Wu Yong, because he had the rank eight Immortal Gu House Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building.


The difference in strength!


Even though Fang Yuan and Feng Jiu Ge worked together, there was still a huge gap in strength between them and Wu Yong.


If it were only Wu Yong, they might have some hope of winning.


But Wu Yong had the Immortal Gu House Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building, his battle strength had risen immensely, the two of them were helpless.


“Fang Yuan, leave first.” At this moment, Feng Jiu Ge said to Fang Yuan.


He spoke very plainly.


Fang Yuan’s pupils shrunk a little.


Feng Jiu Ge looked at Fang Yuan deeply, he was expressionless, but he soon turned to look at the small black dot in the sky (Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building).


“Back then, you saved my life, today, I will save your life, from now on, the favor has been repaid completely.” Feng Jiu Ge continued.


Fang Yuan raised an eyebrow: “That is not right. If not for my help, Wu Yong would have already killed you, you helped me and I helped you, you still owe me a favor.”


But Feng Jiu Ge continued in a light tone: “If I say I owe you nothing, that means my heart is at ease, I have no obligations remaining, what you think is your business. Remember, if I survive this time, I will pursue you as my target, even if you escape to the ends of the world, I will not let you escape, be careful.”


“Haha.” Fang Yuan could not help but laugh.


He understood Feng Jiu Ge’s intention.


Feng Jiu Ge saved him to repay that favor, but this way, it would go against his righteous path status, his wife and daughter would be in an awkward position.


Thus, after Feng Jiu Ge saves Fang Yuan, he would need to pursue him and kill him, to prove his own allegiance and to protect his wife and daughter.


“Alright, the next time we meet, we will be enemies.” Fang Yuan said, opening his immortal aperture’s entrance, letting Hei Lou Lan and the others out.


Ancient battle formation — Omni-directional Travel, started to activate.


Feng Jiu Ge did not respond, he did not even turn to look at Fang Yuan, he directly flew towards Wu Yong.


If Fang Yuan used Omni-directional Travel to escape, Wu Yong might chase after all. Thus, to repay this debt, Feng Jiu Ge had to take a risk and personally obstruct Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building.


Looking deeply at Feng Jiu Ge for the last time, the ancient battle formation activated and Fang Yuan along with the other immortals vanished on the spot.


Wu Yong, who had been watching Fang Yuan and Feng Jiu Ge, smiled bitterly as he saw him leaving.


He slightly regretted his arrangement earlier. If he did not come alone, he would be able to take down both Fang Yuan and Feng Jiu Ge.


But for the reputation of Wu clan, he had been planning hard to divert the rest of Southern Border’s righteous path forces away, he had spread a net so that Fang Yuan would come right at him.


This was not far from Western Desert.


Fang Yuan’s escape was almost certain at this point.


“I was careless.”


“I did not think that Heavenly Court would help the demon Fang Yuan!”


Wu Yong watched as Feng Jiu Ge flew towards him, showing a cold and icy gaze.


This was the guy who ruined his plans, he deserved death!


But…


The opponent had immense talent and status, Wu Yong was a little hesitant.


There was greater value in capturing Feng Jiu Ge alive than killing him.


If he killed Feng Jiu Ge, Wu Yong would be enemies with Heavenly Court and Central Continent, and Heavenly Court currently held the secret that Wu Yi Hai was Fang Yuan.


If he captured him, Wu Yong would be able to negotiate with Central Continent using this bargaining chip.


In fact, Wu Yong had been thinking about this earlier, if he wanted to kill Feng Jiu Ge, he would not have attacked like that.


Wu Yong was not a hired killer, he was the leader of a super force, he needed to think of many things, not just this battle alone, but also the consequences that would follow.


Immortal killer move — Separation Song!


Feng Jiu Ge was still a distance away from Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building, he used this special move again.


Wu Yong snorted, he had already added many Gu worms into this Immortal Gu House, even though the Gu worms were still being separated, it was far weaker now.


The intense battle continued.


Wu Yong quickly gained the upper hand, even though he was still injured.


Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building was too domineering, Feng Jiu Ge could only fight from a distance and use separation song against it.


Wu Yong was an experienced schemer, after retreating once, he had no problems with retreating again.


As long as the Immortal Gu House was broken apart to an extent, he would retreat and repair it.


Feng Jiu Ge’s separation song did not have any offensive power, the Gu worms that were removed were quickly regained by Wu Yong and he placed them back in again.


The only problem for Wu Yong was that Immortal Gu Houses were not easy to assemble.


But this battle was already set.


Feng Jiu Ge could not win.


If they clashed without either side falling back, Feng Jiu Ge might have some hope of victory.


But Wu Yong was not a brute nor a fool, after fighting for some time, he abandoned the pride of a rank eight.


In return, he could easily retreat and hold the initiative in his hands.


Even the genius Feng Jiu Ge could only be suppressed, he had no chance of victory.


At the same time, in Central Continent’s Heavenly Court, Fairy Zi Wei held onto Star Constellation Chessboard as she looked at the battle situation of Feng Jiu Ge fighting Wu Yong.


“It is about time.” Fairy Zi Wei muttered.


It turned out that Feng Jiu Ge’s encounter with Fang Yuan was planned by Star Constellation heaven’s will! With the help of Heavenly Court, Feng Jiu Ge managed to meet Fang Yuan ‘coincidentally’ while chasing the theft path Immortal Gu.


Even Feng Jiu Ge was kept in the dark.


In fact, even Heavenly Court was confused, not knowing why Star Constellation heaven’s will planned this.


Feng Jiu Ge’s aura was weakening.


He was covered in injuries, he could only use one more attack.


In contrast, Wu Yong was inside Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building, he was in good condition, the Immortal Gu House had only lost some of its outer layer.


Fighting before retreating, before fighting once again.


Humans were the most intelligent of all living beings, Wu Yong’s proper strategy made Feng Jiu Ge unable to make a comeback.


“Feng Jiu Ge, if you surrender, I can keep you alive and send you back to Central Continent for Heavenly Court’s judgment.” Wu Yong said plainly.


Feng Jiu Ge smiled: “Oh Wu Yong, if you can take my next move, I will surrender to you, why not?”


Wu Yong’s expression froze slightly.


Even at this point, Feng Jiu Ge still had a trump card unused!


“Back in the day, the reason why I became famous, after receiving the acknowledgement of a rank eight Gu Immortal who accepted that I had rank eight battle strength, was because of this move. Listen to it, my seventh song — ”


“Wait, Feng Jiu Ge.” At this moment, two figures appeared in the battlefield.


They both had rank eight aura.


They were Gu Immortals from Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects!


“Hmm?” Wu Yong was surprised, Heavenly Court actually still had such hidden cards, this was out of his expectations.


In his opinion, if they had such strength remaining, why did they not use it earlier?


“Was it because they could not make it in time?” Wu Yong guessed.


While thinking, Wu Yong sneered: “Central Continent’s people, you came just in time, I have something to tell you! Not only did you snatch the Immortal Gu of our Southern Border’s righteous path, your members are even defending demons!”


Wu Yong had no fear.


He was defended by the Immortal Gu House, and other Southern Border righteous path Gu Immortals were coming to reinforce him.


But these two Central Continent Gu Immortals came prepared.


One of them said: “Even though we are in two different regions, we are all righteous path members, we need to work together. We took the Immortal Gu away earlier because we were afraid the demon would destroy them. We are already prepared to return these Immortal Gu back to their original owners.”


“Oh?” Wu Yong was surprised.


The other said: “As for defending the demon, we will deal with that. Feng Jiu Ge, are you willing to swear upon Heavenly Court’s orders to pursue Fang Yuan forever, and to not rest until you take his life?”


Feng Jiu Ge thought for a moment before replying.


“I am willing.”




