Chapter 1394: Retrieving Western Desert Zombie Alliances Inheritance


Fang Yuan’s words made Three Feather Boy pale with horror, he immediately called for help.


A figure rapidly appeared, going to Three Feather Boy and consoling him: “Little brother, don’t be afraid, big sister is here.”


This female Gu Immortal had a small and dainty body, she was like a little girl wearing a flowery green dress, there were two pearl earrings hanging on her ears, as if water was inside the pearls, there were green ripples inside when they shook.


“I am Cui Bo, who might you be? Is scaring my brother so fun?”


Fang Yuan assessed this Fairy Cui Bo.


She was emanating rank seven Gu Immortal aura, she thought that she was on equal status with Fang Yuan, who was also rank seven.


Her skin was white as snow, but the green rippling light from her earrings made her look eerie, her face was quite delicate, but her nose was slightly sharp, ruining her image.


Fang Yuan rubbed his tummy, sighing: “I am speaking the truth, what do you mean by that? Hehe, since you have come to me, I shall eat both of you then.”


The sovereign immortal body’s flaw was the need to devour apertures.


Fang Yuan had understood this from Purple Mountain True Monarch.


Originally, according to Shadow Sect’s plan, they sought to refine the rank ten sovereign immortal fetus Gu.




Sovereign immortal fetus Gu was known as ‘Sovereign’, it naturally surpassed rank nine, this was the ambition of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.


Unfortunately, he only managed to refine the rank nine sovereign immortal fetus Gu, and it was snatched away by Fang Yuan.


According to Spectral Soul’s concept, rank ten sovereign immortal fetus Gu had no weakness, it was nearly perfect. But at rank nine, it had one flaw that was not a flaw.


Sovereign immortal fetus Gu was an Immortal Gu, Immortal Gu needed to be fed.


Sovereign immortal fetus Gu’s food were immortal fetuses.


What was an immortal fetus?


Immortal fetus was an ancient term.


For example, apertures were also known as Essence Pools or Purple Residences, but most people called them apertures.


What was the biggest difference between immortal and mortal?


Immortal apertures were also known as immortal fetuses. Except that immortal apertures were a more widely known name.




To feed sovereign immortal fetus Gu with others’ immortal apertures, the paths did not matter, but the cultivation level did.


For example, as a rank seven, Fang Yuan needed to annex rank seven immortal apertures now to feed sovereign immortal fetus Gu. When he becomes rank eight, he would need rank eight immortal apertures.


The perfect rank ten sovereign immortal fetus Gu did not need any food, it could create a truly perfect immortal body from the Gu. Unlike Fang Yuan currently, even though he had the sovereign immortal body, he could still be turned back into the sovereign immortal fetus Gu if an appropriate method was used.


Right now, even though Fang Yuan used sovereign immortal fetus Gu and obtained the sovereign immortal body, the flaw was still left behind.


Thankfully, Fang Yuan changed his cultivation plan earlier, the time in the immortal aperture was slowed, by giving up some time path resources, he avoided heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities, annexing other people’s apertures to raise his cultivation level.


This way, through a stroke of luck, he managed to feed the sovereign immortal body.


Fang Yuan did not lie to Three Feather Boy, on the way here, Fang Yuan met three rank six Western Desert Gu Immortals and killed them, capturing their souls and annexing two of their immortal apertures, Fang Yuan could not annex the final one because of attainment level, he let it become a blessed land.


Fairy Cui Bo and Three Feather Boy were a strong duo.


They schemed and deceived Fiend Mosquito into entering the Gu formation, testing it for them while Fairy Cui Bo waited in ambush nearby.


When they met ordinary rank seven Gu Immortals, Fairy Cui Bo could talk to them equally, but unfortunately, they met Fang Yuan.


“Coincidentally, a rank seven Gu Immortal who cultivates water path appeared, after eating her, I will not need to worry about sovereign immortal fetus Gu’s food for some time.”


Fang Yuan was filled with killing intent, it was rare to find someone whose immortal aperture he could annex.


Especially in Western Desert where fire path and wind path were the most popular paths, while water path was very rare, forming a clear contrast to Eastern Sea.


Fang Yuan was a water path grandmaster, but his fire path and wind path attainment levels were just ordinary.


Rumble!


Fang Yuan struck rapidly, using his immortal killer move, myriad self first style — Giant Hand.


Immediately, a huge hand pushed away the air and charged at Fairy Cui Bo and Three Feather Boy with an overwhelming aura.


Three Feather Boy shouted in shock as he dodged.


Fairy Cui Bo also showed a look of surprise, she waved her hand as green acid appeared.


The acid moved like a snake, landing on the giant hand and corroding it by twenty percent.


However, the giant hand still had eighty percent of its power left, under Fang Yuan’s manipulation, it ignored Three Feather Boy and rushed towards Fairy Cui Bo.


Fairy Cui Bo retreated as she called out: “Hold on, I am the third concubine of Thousand Transformations Ancestor. Why don’t you give ancestor face, becoming allies with us and sharing this Zombie Alliance treasure?


Even though Fairy Cui Bo had rank seven cultivation level, her strength was not impressive, it was very ordinary.


But her status was quite extraordinary.


She was related to Thousand Transformations Ancestor.


Even though Fang Yuan had little information of Western Desert’s Gu Immortal world, he knew about the reputation of Thousand Transformations Ancestor.


This ancestor cultivated transformation path solely, when he was young, he obtained a portion of Reckless Savage Demon Venerable’s true inheritance, he had a thousand transformations. Thus, he was called Thousand Transformations Ancestor.


Even though he inherited a Demon Venerable’s true inheritance, he was not a demonic path Gu Immortal, he was a famous lone immortal in Western Desert.


His personal interest was similar to Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, he loved beautiful women and had hundreds or even thousands of wives and concubines. Among them were nearly ten Gu Immortals!


Fairy Cui Bo was one of them.


“If I take Western Desert Zombie Alliance’s inheritance, I will also get Thousand Transformations Ancestor’s animosity?” Fang Yuan frowned.


Fairy Cui Bo dodged as she observed his expression, before saying: “I came here due to ancestor’s orders. Sir, you have such battle strength, but it is not possible to get through the defensive Gu formation using brute force. The treasure has not appeared yet, why must we fight to the death now? If we waste time, unexpected mishaps might occur.”


Fairy Cui Bo was quite talented at speaking, Fang Yuan nodded: “You make sense.”


Fairy Cui Bo and Three Feather Boy were overjoyed upon hearing this, but immediately after, Fang Yuan opened his immortal aperture’s entrance and let out Bai Ning Bing, Hei Lou Lan, and Fairy Miao Yin.


“Go kill these two, I will take the inheritance here.” Fang Yuan said.


Bai Ning Bing snorted, even though she was unhappy with Fang Yuan giving orders, she still charged towards Fairy Cui Bo.


Hei Lou Lan fought against Three Feather Boy.


Fairy Miao Yin smiled lightly, watching from the side to reinforce them.


Fairy Cui Bo and Three Feather Boy were truly in fear now.


They did not expect that Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture would have three Gu Immortals, and all of them were from other regions.


This was very rare.


Gu Immortals would not let other Gu Immortals hide inside their immortal apertures for no reason.


Soon, Fairy Cui Bo and Three Feather Boy were heavily suppressed, they could not retaliate against Hei and Bai.


“These two are ten extreme immortals! Their methods are impressive, I have never seen them before!”


“I remember now, they are fugitives! Demonic scoundrels! This person is one of the culprits behind the fall of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building!”


Three Feather Boy and Fairy Cui Bo realized some information about Fang Yuan and the others, they were even more shocked now, they lost their morale and tried to escape.


Hei and Bai chased after them, quickly getting out of this cave.


Fang Yuan stood before the sandstorm, using his method that had been brewing for some time.


In a few breaths’ time, the sandstorm weakened, splitting in the center and revealing a path.


Fang Yuan entered without hesitation.


Fairy Miao Yin was still standing guard outside against any intruders.


The sandstorm became larger after Fang Yuan entered, the path vanished as it returned to the original state.


A city soon appeared in Fang Yuan’s vision.


Corpse City.


Looking at it, this was a city made from yellow clay, it was not impressive.


But the truth was, this city was a huge mortal Gu House, it was like the Dark Flow Giant City in Northern Plains Zombie Alliance’s branch.


However, Western Desert Zombie Alliance’s branch was different from the one in Northern Plains.


The true base of Western Desert Zombie Alliance’s branch was an earth path blessed land.


Corpse City was inside the blessed land.


Back then, when Shadow Sect activated their hundred thousand year plan to defy heaven and refine sovereign immortal fetus Gu, they lost nearly everything.


The blessed land base of Western Desert Zombie Alliance’s branch was discarded, the resources inside were hidden in Corpse City, the entire mortal Gu House was moved to underneath translocation desert, and a defensive Gu formation was activated.


This method allowed Western Desert Zombie Alliance to preserve most of its foundation, not long after the Battle of Yi Tian Mountain, the former earth path blessed land of Western Desert Zombie Alliance was broken into by Western Desert Gu Immortals.


But when they plundered it, these Western Desert Gu Immortals were not satisfied, they became angry from this.


Because they did not get the loot that they planned to get.


After their constant investigation and deduction, along with the secret help of heaven’s will, they finally found this translocation desert, and confirmed that Western Desert Zombie Alliance’s inheritance was hidden here.


But to find the exact cave was not easy. Not only were these caves numerous like the stars in the sky, most importantly, these caves were constantly moving.


At every moment, old caves vanished while new caves appeared.


This made the Western Desert Gu Immortals’ search difficult.


Fang Yuan was different, he was the leader of Shadow Sect, he got here and entered Corpse City, it was simply too easy for him.


“However, meeting Fairy Cui Bo here was likely the plot of heaven’s will. To make me oppose a rank eight great expert the moment I enter Western Desert.”


“Along with me, Bai Ning Bing and the others have been hit with investigative killer moves.”


“I need to relocate these inheritances as soon as possible!”


Fang Yuan opened his immortal aperture’s entrance and waved his hand, as the entire Corpse City entered his immortal aperture.


Corpse City did not have Immortal Gu stored up, but the defensive Gu formation used Immortal Gu as the core.


There were a total of two Immortal Gu, one of them was Fang Yuan’s main objective in this journey.




