Chapter 14: In the Mountain Crevice Hides a Profound Theory


The Liquor Worm was shaped like a silkworm, its entire body giving out pearl-white light. It was a little chubby, and somehow cute.


The Liquor Worm fed on wine and could fly. When it flew, it would curl up into a ball, and it moved very quickly. Even though it was only a rank one Gu, it was worth even more than a few rank two Gu.


As a vital Gu, it was far more beneficial than a Moonlight Gu.


Right now, the Liquor Worm was glued to a bamboo pole, merely fifty or sixty paces away from Fang Yuan. He held his breath, not daring to approach. Instead, he slowly walked backwards.


He knew he was very close, but directly catching a Liquor Worm was an incredibly difficult task for a Gu Master who had just opened their aperture. You could say there was no hope of success.


Fang Yuan was unable to see it clearly, but in the darkness, he could feel the Liquor Worm watching him vigilantly. He slowly, gently backed away, trying his best not to disturb it.


He knew that if the Liquor Worm were to fly away, he could never catch up with his own speed. He needed to wait until the Liquor Worm fed until it was drunk; then he would have a chance.


Seeing Fang Yuan retreat further away, the Liquor Worm crawling on the bamboo pole stirred. The strong aroma of wine before it was so tempting, so attractive, making the worm lose itself in reverie. If it had saliva, it would have long been drooling.


But the Liquor Worm was incredibly wary. Only after Fang Yuan had retreated two hundred paces did it shrink a little and bounce into the air. As it fluttered there, its body curled up into a ball, making it resemble a little white rice dumpling. The little dumpling swept through the air in an arc, floating down onto the grass that was sprinkled with green bamboo wine.


With delicious food right before its eyes, the Liquor Worm dropped its guard. It impatiently climbed onto a flower bud filled with some wine and popped its little head in, only leaving its chubby tail outside.


The Liquor Worm was ravenous, and the green bamboo wine was so delicious. It opened its mouth wide and inhaled, very quickly losing itself in the deliciousness of its food and totally forgetting about Fang Yuan.


Fang Yuan started to approach cautiously. He could see the tail of the Liquor Worm outside the flower bud. It was just like a silkworm’s, chubby and round, shining with a faint pearlescent glow.


At first, the Liquor Worm’s tail was hanging outside, unmoving. Then after a while it started to curl upwards, showing that it was drinking merrily. By the time Fang Yuan was only ten paces away, it was wagging and swinging in a cheerful rhythm.


It was totally drunk!


Seeing this made Fang Yuan nearly laugh out loud. He did not continue walking forward, but patiently waited. If he tried right now, he would definitely have a high chance of catching the Liquor Worm, but Fang Yuan intended to have it guide him to the Flower Wine Monk’s remains.


After a moment more, the Liquor Worm withdrew from the flower bud. Its body was fatter, and its head swayed about like a drunken man. It did not seem to notice Fang Yuan. It climbed up onto another bright yellow flower and perched on the stamen, feeding heartily on the wine droplets there.


This time, after it had finished drinking, it finally felt full. Its body slowly shrank into a round ball and floated up. When it was one-and-a-half meters above the ground, it leisurely flew towards the depths of the bamboo forest.


Fang Yuan quickly followed its trail.


The Liquor Worm was already heavily drunk, making it fly at half its usual speed. Even so, Fang Yuan still had to run with all his might to follow after its shadow.


The night washed past his vision as the young teenager ran in the bamboo forest, chasing after a small bead of snow not far ahead.


The moonlight was gentle, the breeze slow and steady. In the night that was like a clear pond, the stalks of bamboo flashed past his eyes, quickly falling behind him. The ground was a green carpet of grass, riddled with wildflowers in bloom. There were small stones with moss growing, and yellow shoots of bamboo.


Fang Yuan’s figure sped along among the shadows of the grove. He focused, keeping his sight on the white bead, gulping in the fresh mountain air, ordering his legs to catch up in the midst of the faint wine aroma in the air.


Because of his speed, the moonlight looked like water to his eyes. Light and shadow danced, like he was sprinting through water filled with seaweed.


The Liquor Worm flew out of the bamboo forest, and so did Fang Yuan. A sea of white flowers, each with a yellow spot in the middle, swayed in the wind from his passing, their petals scattering. A group of dragonpill crickets resembling a flowing poem just so happened to move in front of him; as Fang Yuan dashed through there was a swoosh as a red cloud bloomed before him, dispersing into a sea of ruby stars.


Next, he came upon a quiet mountain stream paved with pebbles, the gurgling water surface reflecting the spring moon in the night sky. With a few splashes, Fang Yuan waded across, creating thousands of silver ripples. It was a pity that this stream, after so many ages, had its beautiful and precious stones trampled upon and broken.


Fang Yuan was in hot pursuit, firmly following behind the Liquor Worm. Going up the mountain stream, he could already hear the sound of a waterfall. After he turned around a sparse forest, he saw the Liquor Worm fly into a crevice in the middle of a boulder.


Fang Yuan’s eyes lit up and he stopped in his tracks.


So it’s here. He panted heavily, his heart beating like mad in his chest. He could feel his entire body covered in sweat, a wave of heat accompanying his accelerating blood flow.


Looking around, he found that this place was a shallow benchland.


Pebbles of various sizes were scattered over the bed of a shallow river. There were also a number of gray boulders here and there.


Behind Qing Mao Mountain was a massive waterfall. The flow of the waterfall varied with the weather; it plummeted down the mountain, pounding out a deep pool. Beside the deep pool was the Bai Clan’s village. Their scope and influence was comparable to the Gu Yue Clan’s.


The waterfall branched many times, and it was apparent that Fang Yuan was facing one of the many branches of a branch. On normal occasions, this benchland was dry, but due to the recent heavy rainfall, a shallow stream had formed here.


The source of the flowing stream was the enormous boulder that the Liquor Worm had entered into earlier.


The boulder leaned against a cliff. Branching from the main flow further up the mountain, water flowed like a silver python down the mountain, striking the boulder. Countless years of erosion had led to the formation of a crevice.


At this time, as the waterfall poured down, it let out a gentle roar. It was like a white curtain, completely obstructing the gap in the boulder.


After observing his surroundings, Fang Yuan’s breathing had calmed. His eyes flashed with a hint of resolve; he walked to the boulder and took in a deep breath, and then he rushed in headfirst.


The gap was rather large. Two adult humans could walk abreast with no problems, much less a fifteen-year-old teenager.


Once he rushed in, the torrent pressed down on Fang Yuan’s body. At the same time, the cold water drenched him from head to toe. Fang Yuan battled against the water pressure, quickly moving forward. After he walked a few dozen steps, the water pressure started to lessen.


But the space in the fissure also began to shrink, and Fang Yuan could only walk sideways. His ears were filled with the roaring of the water; above his head was a sheet of white, and deeper into the boulder was a black darkness.


What was hiding within?


It could be a venomous serpent, but it could also be a poisonous gecko. Perhaps it was a trap set by the Flower Wine Monk, or perhaps it was empty.


Fang Yuan could only continue, slowly edging into the darkness. The water no longer washed over his head; the stone walls were covered in slippery moss that brushed his skin. Soon he was swallowed by the darkness, and the stone crevice became narrower, squeezing around him. Soon he could not even rotate his head. Still Fang Yuan gritted his teeth and continued forward.


After walking another twenty steps, he realized that there was a faint red light in the darkness. At first, he thought it was an illusion. But when he blinked and focused, he confirmed that it was indeed light!


This realization renewed his spirit.


He continued walking for another fifty or sixty steps, the red light growing brighter. In his eyes, the light slowly took the form of a long, vertical seam.


He stretched out his left arm, suddenly feeling that the wall in front had bent away. Instantly he rejoiced, knowing that there was a cave inside the boulder. With another few steps he finally reached this light seam.


His eyes were greeted with the sight of a cave. He guessed the space was about eighty square meters.


I have been walking for so long. With this distance I’d have long passed the boulder, so I should be in the heart of the cliff right now. As he sized up this hidden space, he moved his hands and legs about, stretching his limbs.


The entire room was filled with dim red light, but he could not tell where the light was coming from. The stone walls were damp and covered in moss, but the air here was very dry. On the walls there were also a few withering vines. They intertwined with each other, weaving across half of the wall surface. There were even a few withering flowers growing on the vines.


Fang Yuan looked at the remnants of these flowers and leaves, feeling they were somewhat familiar.


Suddenly he recognized them. These are Wine Sack Flower Gu, and Rice Pouch Grass Gu.


Gu came in many shapes and forms. Some resembled minerals and rocks, such as the blue crystal form of the Moonlight Gu. Some came in the forms of worms and insects, such as the silkworm-like Liquor Worm. There were also some that were like plants and flowers, just like the Wine Sack Flower Gu and the Rice Pouch Grass Gu before him.


These two types of Gu were rank one natural Gu. They would grow just by pouring in primeval essence. After growing enough, the middle of the flower would secrete flower nectar wine, and the grass pouch would grow fragrant rice.


Fang Yuan’s gaze moved along the vines, and sure enough, he discovered a heap of withered roots gathered into a ball-shaped clump in a corner. The Liquor Worm was resting on the clump of dead roots, sleeping soundly. It was already within easy reach.


Fang Yuan walked over and grabbed the Liquor Worm. Then he got onto his knees and pulled the dead vines apart, revealing a skeleton inside.


“I’ve finally found you, Flower Wine Monk.” A faint smile played on his lips at the sight.


Just as he was about to reach his hand out and strip away the remaining vines—


“Try touching it?” a voice full of murderous intent suddenly said from behind.


