Chapter 140: Qing Shu vs Bai Ning Bing (Part 1)


The time Bai Ning Bing took to break out of the ice was shorter than anyone had imagined.


With a loud crack, the ice crystal began to fracture, the cracks intensifying until it completely broke from within.


The clan elder and Qing Shu’s group, minus Fang Zheng, had surrounded him. Fang Zheng was standing far away on the mountain slope, staring at the battle from higher ground while staying vigilant. If he saw a Bai Clan group approaching, he was to send out a warning immediately.


“Bai Ning Bing, you dared to kill our Gu Masters and openly break the three-clan alliance. It’s only natural to pay a life for a life! What else do you have to say?” the clan elder said with a haughty snort.


Bai Ning Bing did not pay him any mind. He stared silently at his right arm instead.


His left hand floundered in vain, grasping at air where something should be, but no longer was.


He started to frown, his face darkening as lightning flared in his eyes.


“He actually forced me to sacrifice my right arm. Fang Yuan, is it…” From listening to Xiong Li and Qing Shu, he had already learned Fang Yuan’s name.


His crystal blue eyes were cold as winter, full of killing intent. His body emanated the oppressive aura of a rank three Gu Master. As Fang Yuan had predicted earlier, just as he was able to seal his own cultivation, he could release its restrictions. It was just that in the battle earlier, he did not have sufficient time to do so.


Now, rank three white silver primeval essence filled his aperture fully. The dense white liquid placed great pressure on the surrounding aperture walls; Bai Ning Bing knew that, every moment, he inched closer to death.


A Gu Master’s aperture produced primeval essence, and the primeval essence in turn nurtured the aperture.


In reality, as long as primeval essence existed in the aperture, it would nurture the surrounding walls. It was just that the effect was not very evident, far less effective than actively using it to cultivate.


It was similar to how motionless seawater would still have a corrosive effect on surrounding rocks, but it was much less noticeable than waves striking them.


But when someone with one of the Ten Extreme Physiques reached rank three, this would change. As long as they had primeval essence in their aperture, even if they did not actively use it to cultivate, it would nurture the walls as effectively as a normal Gu Master actively using it to do so.


This was the secret behind the outstanding cultivation speed of the Ten Extreme Physiques.


Moreover, this nurturing effect would become stronger as the Gu Master advanced. At rank four, as long as primeval essence existed within the aperture, the passive nourishing would be several times better than a regular Gu Master actively using it.


For ordinary Gu Masters, the higher their rank, the slower they would advance. However, the Ten Extreme Physiques were the opposite: the higher their cultivation, the stronger their aptitude and the faster they advanced, until they exploded into oblivion.


It was similar to a person in free fall. Depending on their posture and build, they would continue to accelerate as they descended. The Ten Extreme Physiques’ cultivation was falling from the highest point with the most suitable conditions to fall faster than anyone else. As their cultivation grew faster and faster, it only gave them temporary glory before their grisly death. Like a meteor falling to Earth, moving toward its own destruction, the time when it shone the brightest would come only at the moment where it burned up completely in the atmosphere.


That was why Bai Ning Bing had diluted his primeval essence.


Right now, his aperture was completely filled with white silver primeval essence again, and he could feel that, every second, his cultivation was steadily rising and improving.


“Actually forcing me to use white silver primeval essence, and even making me go as far as to sacrifice my Frost Demon Gu! Where is Fang Yuan?” Bai Ning Bing’s killing intent intensified. His blue eyes swept across the surroundings, but could not find a trace of Fang Yuan.


The Frost Demon Gu that he had sacrificed was a rank three Gu worm, one that he only managed to refine after three failures and consuming a large amount of resources. Losing it was truly a waste.


Although Bai Ning Bing was rank three, he had only advanced recently, and even with the clan’s support, he could not hog all the resources himself. Thus, he only had two rank three Gu worms. Now that the Frost Demon Gu was gone, he only had the Blue Bird Ice Coffin Gu left.


The more he thought about it, the more angry he felt! He had never suffered such a loss in his entire life!


If Fang Yuan was here, he’d have attacked in a frenzy with no one able to stop him.


Bai Ning Bing’s disregard caused the Gu Yue clan elder to feel humiliated.


“Arrogant young lad, eat my moonblade slash!” he shouted as he jumped.


“Hmph!” Bai Ning Bing swung his left arm, spreading frosty air that condensed into a long ice blade.


In previous battles, his ice blade had been a little over one and a half meters long. This blade, however, was a full two meters, with an even deadlier edge and greater frost energy.


Ching!


The clan elder raised both of his hands to meet the ice blade. A metallic sound rang out.


The elder’s face was full of shock as he took a step back. He clapped his palms together and slashed them diagonally.


Golden Moon slash!


A curved golden moonblade over a meter long flew out with a dominating aura.


The golden moonlight illuminated Bai Ning Bing’s pale face. He laughed as he raised the ice blade, attacking head on.


Clank!


With the collision of the two blades, the moonblade vanished and the ice blade shattered into fragments.


This is a battle between rank three Gu Masters? Their attacks are so strong, I cannot block either of them! Fang Zheng watched in fascination from his perch in the distance.


“How can this be? A rank two Ice Blade Gu managed to block my rank three Golden Moon Gu, in both variations!” the elder’s eyes bulged as he muttered in disbelief.


The Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique strengthened ice and water Gu, and this effect increased as the Gu Master’s cultivation rose.


At rank three, Bai Ning Bing could make a rank two Gu display rank three power. If he were to reach rank four, he could make a rank four ice Gu have an effect that surpassed even rank five Gu.


Now that he had removed his limiter, the Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique’s true ability could be displayed.


“Hmph, old man, you don’t know a lot of things.” Bai Ning Bing’s feet paused. He held his ice blade horizontally as he started to rotate.


Huhuhu…


The intense sound of the wind enveloped him as he became faster and faster.


Howl!


The wind seemed to transform into the roaring of beasts. In mere moments, a five-meter-high ice blade storm formed.


The tornado-like winds were white, and they whipped out and numbed the senses of the surrounding Gu Masters.


“Quickly, dodge!” Even the clan elder did not dare to challenge it. He retreated immediately.


But the other rank two Gu Masters could not manage to dodge in time.


The ice blade storm came at once, moving three times faster than the last time Bai Ning Bing had used it.


Ah—!


Two Gu Masters were immediately caught, and their screams abruptly stopped. In an instant, they were minced into paste by the blade storm.


“Save me!” Yao Hong screamed in fear, seeing that she was about to be swept into the tornado and perish.


Green Vine Gu!


Qing Shu shot out green vines, which quickly coiled around Yao Hong’s waist like snakes.


But before he could drag her back, the ice blade storm had already reached her, devouring her in an instant.


Swish swish swish.


The ice blades went to work, cutting her into half a dozen pieces. The icy air had already frozen her blood before it could fall.


It continued to shred her body further, until there were nothing but small, frozen corpse fragments remaining.


“Yao Hong!” Qing Shu grieved with sorrowful eyes.


“Sister Yao Hong…” In the distance, Fang Zheng’s legs gave out. He knelt there on the ground in despair, tears overflowing from his eyes.


“Damn it, Steel Shirt Gu!” The clan elder took a deep breath as his body glowed with black light, making him look as though he was covered in steel armor.


He used both arms to cover his face as he sprinted forward, charging towards the icy blue ice blade storm.


Chink chink chink.


He charged inside bravely.


In a few breaths, the ice blades had hacked at his body countless times.


A moment later, the storm ended.


Bai Ning Bing and the clan elder faced each other.


“Old man, you are asking for death.” Bai Ning Bing’s blue eyes were even purer than before, complementing his white hair and clothes that fluttered in the cold winds.


The ice blade in his left hand had already broken in two, but that didn’t stop it from piercing the elder’s heart.


“Huh…” The elder lowered his head, staring at his chest.


Bai Ning Bing let go of the ice blade. He walked past the elder, steadily approaching the sole survivor, Qing Shu.


Behind him, light blue frost creeped onto the elder’s face. He collapsed to the ground, never to rise again.


Fang Zheng saw this scene and his pupils shrank to the size of pins. Fear coursed through his body.


This was out of his wildest dreams.


A grand rank three clan elder actually died like that? Bai Ning Bing is that strong?!


“Where is Fang Yuan? Tell me, and I can let you die peacefully.” Bai Ning Bing walked towards Qing Shu.


“Bai Ning Bing…” Qing Shu sighed deeply, staring at Bai Ning Bing without fear. “You and I have fought over ten times. You have grown stronger, and right now I have to admit that you have surpassed me. But your strength cannot cause me to betray my clansmen. Come, fight me!”


“Just you? Hehe.” Bai Ning Bing snorted in disdain. He turned to look at Fang Zheng in the distance, raising an eyebrow. “That is Fang Yuan’s brother?”


Qing Shu’s expression changed. He stepped forward to block Bai Ning Bing. “Don’t think of finding trouble with him!”


Bai Ning Bing’s face fell. “You are quite an interesting opponent. Keeping you alive would add some color to my life. But my mood is very bad now, don’t take my patience for granted. Tell me nicely, where did Fang Yuan go?”


Qing Shu replied to him in the most direct way.


He closed his eyes and opened them again.


Wood Charm Gu!


