Chapter 1404: Zi Wei Controls The Situation


Ding ding ding…


Hearing the sound around him, Feng Jiu Ge exerted his full power at this moment.


Immortal killer move — Green Jade Song!


The range of his song extended for several hundred steps, the immemorial tiger year beast’s claw was covered in green jade color.


But the claw was too huge, it still charged at him unhindered.


Feng Jiu Ge gritted his teeth, dodging quickly.


At the moment of crisis, he narrowly avoided the year beast’s claw, even though he was not hit, the intense shock wave created from the attack assaulted Feng Jiu Ge.


Feng Jiu Ge was like a kite with its strings cut, he was blown away.


Guh.


He was tossed up and flew above the River of Time in an arc, spitting out blood in the process.


“No, my battle strength is too suppressed if I fight here.”




“The River of Time is filled with time path dao marks, it has the most time path dao marks in the world. With the conflict between dao marks, my sound path killer moves have less than ten percent of their original power!”


Feng Jiu Ge endured the intense pain and used his killer move to heal his injuries.


His healing methods that were effective in the outside world had barely any effect here.


Not only his healing methods, Feng Jiu Ge’s movement killer move also became very slow. His green jade song originally had great power, but now, the tiger year beast only shook its claw to break that layer of jade rock around it easily.


Evidently, green jade song was suppressed to the limit.


Feng Jiu Ge only had rank seven cultivation level, the reason why he had rank eight battle strength was because his sound path dao marks reached a quantity on par with rank eight Gu Immortals.


But because of Fang Yuan’s plot, he was thrown into the River of Time, his greatest advantage became his greatest weakness!


The sound path dao marks were far inferior in quantity compared to the River of Time’s dao marks.


This was also why Fang Yuan was confident that Feng Jiu Ge would suffer here.


The immemorial tiger year beast stretched out its tongue and licked its wound on the right claw, it had a ferocious gaze as it charged at Feng Jiu Ge.




It was very strong to begin with, it lived in the River of Time, the time path dao marks in it complemented the River of Time, its territorial advantage was obvious.


There were no rank nine year beasts, immemorial year beasts were the overlords of the year beasts.


The tiger roared and whipped up a storm.


The huge tiger year beast sprinted and assaulted Feng Jiu Ge fiercely.


Feng Jiu Ge tried to block it.


But soon, he was injured again.


He was completely suppressed, there was no chance to win. If he wanted to live, he had to find a tributary of the River of Time and escape.


But hope was too small.


Because it was not easy to find a tributary of the River of Time. Even if he found one, it had to be big enough for him to cross over.


Feng Jiu Ge was a sound path Gu Immortal, he was not time path and did not have methods to escape from the river.


“Am I going to die here?” Feng Jiu Ge had such a thought.


But at this moment, a female immortal’s voice resounded in his mind: “Use that rank eight Immortal Gu.”


“Rank eight Immortal Gu — Fate Armor?” Feng Jiu Ge hesitated.


Heavenly Court gave him this Immortal Gu to protect his life.


This was a defensive rank eight Immortal Gu.


But Feng Jiu Ge had always been doubtful.


Why?


He did not have any weakness in defense, even against Wu Yong, his defense could last for some time.


Instead of lending this Immortal Gu to him, they might as well have given him an Immortal Gu for offense or movement.


After all, Feng Jiu Ge’s movement methods were lacking. And his seven great songs, even though they were extremely powerful, they were killer moves, it was not as convenient as using one rank eight Immortal Gu directly to attack.


After Feng Jiu Ge received this Immortal Gu, he had tried to activate it.


Fate Armor was very powerful indeed, but it also expended a huge amount of immortal essence. Even someone like Feng Jiu Ge could barely endure the cost.


“If I stall for time, I will have to use my defensive methods while healing myself. If I use fate armor Immortal Gu, my immortal essence will not last for fifty breaths of time.”


Feng Jiu Ge calculated.


But now, the immemorial year beast had already arrived in front of him.


Feng Jiu Ge gritted his teeth, at the crucial moment, he chose to listen to that mysterious female voice.


Rank eight Immortal Gu — Fate Armor!


At once, his red date immortal essence was rapidly expended, while a thin layer of armor made of light appeared on Feng Jiu Ge’s body.


But this armor made of light was completely unfazed by the immemorial year beast’s attacks, it protected Feng Jiu Ge completely.


Feng Jiu Ge was uninjured, but from the attacks of the immemorial year beast, he was slammed into the River of Time.


Once he fell into the depths of the river, a vast amount of the water of the River of Time pressed towards Feng Jiu Ge.


But Fate Armor was very impressive, it did not waver, only some small cracks appeared on the surface.


But this was very impressive.


It was just a rank eight Immortal Gu.


And this River of Time was a secluded domain of heaven and earth, its dao mark accumulation was on par with rank nine Immortal Gu.


The immemorial year beast flowed along the river, charging at Feng Jiu Ge again.


Feng Jiu Ge sighed in his mind: “This is tough!”


He tried to struggle to fly and escape the River of Time.


But the immemorial year beast had wisdom too, it did not let Feng Jiu Ge achieve his goal.


Feng Jiu Ge was trapped in the river by the immemorial year beast’s attacks, and he was also affected by the flow of the river.


The situation was getting worse for Feng Jiu Ge, he had lost all initiative, if this continued, by the time his immortal essence ran out, he would die.


“Did I make a wrong decision earlier? That woman’s voice was just a trap?”


While Feng Jiu Ge was unsure, a vortex of flowing water assaulted and surrounded him.


Feng Jiu Ge was caught by surprise and wanted to struggle, when he heard a voice: “Don’t struggle, Feng Jiu Ge, I am a Heavenly Court Gu Immortal, Lord Huang Shi, I am here to help you!”


As he said that, the vortex expanded, until it was dozens of times as large as before.


Countless bubbles obstructed the immemorial year beast’s vision.


Feng Jiu Ge did not dare to deactivate Fate Armor, but he allowed himself to flow along the tornado, returning to the surface of the River of Time.


Over there, a bald Gu Immortal with yellow clothes was waiting for him.


Heavenly Court.


Fairy Zi Wei let out a breath of air.


In the Star Constellation Chessboard in front of her, the scene of Feng Jiu Ge being saved was displayed.


At the crucial moment, the voice who reminded Feng Jiu Ge was naturally her, Fairy Zi Wei.


Rank eight Immortal Gu Fate Armor, its true use was to give Lord Huang Shi an accurate clue to find out Feng Jiu Ge’s location.


The River of Time was hard to enter.


It was harder for Gu Immortals to get in there compared to black heaven or white heaven.


Because rank eight Gu Immortals were rare to begin with, and time path rank eight Gu Immortals were just a small portion of them.


But even so, Heavenly Court had its time path rank eight Gu Immortals.


Lord Huang Shi was part of Fairy Zi Wei’s arrangements.


Originally, Fairy Zi Wei planned to have Feng Jiu Ge force Fang Yuan into the River of Time to find the Red Lotus true inheritance.


By then, the time path rank eight great expert Lord Huang Shi could go and attack him.


But Fairy Zi Wei did not expect Fang Yuan to give up a tributary of the River of Time to set a trap and try to kill Feng Jiu Ge.


“Fang Yuan, this otherworldly demon, he is truly crafty.”


“But after this battle, we have probed most of the content of Hei Fan’s true inheritance.”


“Even though he gave up a tributary of the River of Time to make a trap, it affirmed my conjecture — Fang Yuan will definitely enter the River of Time and take Red Lotus’ true inheritance!”


“With Fang Yuan’s vigilant nature, it seems like he still has control of at least one tributary of the River of Time in Western Desert.”


“It is not a problem, with my investigative killer move, Fang Yuan’s location is still exposed to me.”


Feng Jiu Ge kept his life, Fairy Zi Wei immediately used Star Constellation Chessboard to see another battlefield.


Fang Yuan’s upper extreme heavenly eagle was injured and was flying in black heaven.


The two newly ascended Heavenly Court Gu Immortals were chasing it, they had suffered only minor injuries.


The upper extreme heavenly eagle was powerful, but against two rank eight Gu Immortals with immortal killer moves emerging one after another that coordinated with each other, it could not rival them.


Feeling the threat of death, the upper extreme heavenly eagle moved according to its instincts, flying towards black heaven to try and shake off these enemies.


Unfortunately, its actions were predicted by these two enemies.


Boom!


A killer move landed on the upper extreme heavenly eagle.


The upper extreme heavenly eagle screamed in pain, it almost fell towards the ground but it tried to flap its wings and rise into the sky.


The eagle blood spurted out, a long line of blood was drawn in black heaven.


Immemorial desolate beasts had incredible healing speed, but the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals’ killer moves were not simple either.


“The outcome is set.” Fairy Zi Wei’s gaze flickered.


Even though the upper extreme heavenly eagle was struggling, the course of battle was obvious, the two Heavenly Court Gu Immortals could not fail.


One of them even used an immortal killer move to follow behind the upper extreme heavenly eagle.


The faster the upper extreme heavenly eagle flew, the faster he would be. He could fly to wherever upper extreme heavenly eagle was without much effort.


How could the wisdom of an upper extreme heavenly eagle match humans?


Even human Gu Immortals could not counter immortal killer moves easily in battle.


The two Heavenly Court Gu Immortals were afraid of the upper extreme heavenly eagle’s last ditch effort in attacking, and because they wanted to capture it alive, they kept dealing small injuries to weaken its battle strength.


The upper extreme heavenly eagle could sense its bleak future, but it did not give up, it flapped and flew into the sky.


Past black heaven, it came to white heaven.


The heavenly wind qi wall was not an obstacle to it.


But for the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals, it was a different story.


The two Heavenly Court Gu Immortals could not pass the qi wall easily. But they were prepared for it, how could Fairy Zi Wei not lend them an Immortal Gu House in advance?


“You will stay here and prevent it from making a detour, I will chase it.” The two Gu Immortals cooperated perfectly, the upper extreme heavenly eagle had nowhere to flee.


“Even though some mishaps occurred, everything is within my expectations. Be it the humans, eagle, or Red Lotus’ true inheritance, nothing can escape my control.” Inside Heavenly Court, Fairy Zi Wei’s eyes squinted as she fully displayed the might of a wisdom path Gu Immortal.




