Chapter 141: Qing Shu vs Bai Ning Bing (Part 2)


Under the power of the rank three Gu worm, Qing Shu’s eyes were dyed jade green.


His aura changed from that of a vibrant human to the deep serenity of a forest.


“Oh?” Bai Ning Bing couldn’t help but show a bit of shock. He pouted in dissatisfaction. “It seems that after so long, you’ve gained some interesting new skills.”


Icicle Gu.


At his will, five sharp icicles appeared out of nowhere.


“Go.” Bai Ning Bing pointed with his hand, and the icicles shot out.


Pow pow pow.


From Qing Shu’s palms, two vines grew out. They danced in the air like snakes, swift and agile, easily deflecting the icicles.


The ice whistled past Qing Shu’s shoulder and stabbed deeply into the ground, a boulder, and nearby frozen trees.


Qing Shu had easily dealt with Bai Ning Bing’s attack.


Bai Ning Bing laughed coldly. “Your whipping skills got better, but I want to see how many icicles you can block.”


Bai Ning Bing’s eyes shone with a mild blue light.


Ten icicles appeared immediately, floating in front of him before shooting towards Qing Shu.


After that, ten more were created…


Like this, over and over, it turned into an icicle rain.


Swoosh…


The icicles tore through the air, making a terrifying noise.


Qing Shu dodged while manipulating his vines with both hands, dancing like a shadow.


After countless hours of practice, he had grown to a level where he could command them like they were his own fingers.


But there were too many icicles; Qing Shu was bound to miss some, and his shoulder was pierced.


The icicle penetrated his right shoulder, the tip jutting out behind him.


Pine Needle Gu.


Qing Shu endured the pain and swept around his long hair, sending countless jade green pine needles flying.


The pine needles engulfed Bai Ning Bing, but he managed to activate the Water Shield Gu in time. It had gotten stronger too, and was much thicker than before, its defenses no weaker than a rank three Gu worm.


The pine needles entered the water shield and slowed to a halt before being purged by the water currents.


But this also forced Bai Ning Bing to stop his icicle attack.


Seeing this opportunity, Qing Shu ignored the pain and ripped the icicle out of his shoulder.


No blood dripped from the wound. It was partially due to the cold of the icicle, but also because his body was gradually turning into wood.


Bai Ning Bing maintained the Water Shield Gu, his eyes drawn to Qing Shu’s injury.


From the opening in his torn shirt, he could see that Qing Shu’s injury appeared to have the texture of wood. His flesh recovered at a visible pace, and on the newly grown skin, there was a tree ring pattern.


At the same time, both his ears started to become longer, and his hair turned jade green, with green leaves growing within. His hands began to darken, becoming the brown of tree bark.


This was the first time he had used the Wood Charm Gu without considering the consequences!


It was causing him to turn into a tree spirit. At the same time, Qing Shu could feel the rich natural essence in the air.


Ordinary Gu Masters could not sense it. Only special lifeforms like tree spirits could feel, absorb, and use it.


Qing Shu felt that he was soaking in his mother’s womb, thick essence enveloping him, giving him a strong sense of fulfillment.


On his body, the Moonwhirl Gu did not change, but the Green Vine Gu, Pine Needle Gu, and Vitality Leaves all showed signs of growth. As he transformed into a tree spirit, the strength of any grass Gu he used would be amplified!


Qing Shu breathed deeply. He had never felt so strong before! The rich natural essence gave him an almost infinite source of primeval essence to use. This was the power of the Wood Charm Gu.


But in his heart, a deep sense of fear also rose.


He knew that if he succumbed to this feeling of strength and comfort and used the Wood Charm Gu without restraint, he would eventually turn into a treeman and die.


Everything had a price.


Qing Shu soon suppressed this fear. He stared at Bai Ning Bing and said two words: ”Let’s fight.”


Thus, the intense battle started.


Green vine vs ice blade, icicles vs pine needles!


One possessed the Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique, with an insane primeval essence recovery rate, and the other was a wood charm tree spirit, using the near limitless natural essence in the air as his own.


This battle had far surpassed the realm of ordinary rank three Gu Masters.


Fang Zheng watched from his perch, awestruck. He had never seen such an all-out intense fight!


Normally speaking, Gu Masters had limited primeval essence, and they always had to consider how much they used carefully, as though they were treading on thin ice.


But now, be it Qing Shu or Bai Ning Bing, both were using it without restraint, for their supply was effectively limitless.


Their battle shattered the ground. Massive trees fell and boulders were smashed to bits.


After a long time…


Blue Bird Ice Coffin Gu!


Bai Ning Bing seized an opportunity and opened his mouth, and from within, an icy blue bird flew out.


The flying bird chirped, its body like a pigeon, but under the enhancement of the Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique, it gradually grew to the size of an eagle as it flew, and after circling for a while, dived towards Qing Shu.


Qing Shu could not dodge in time, so he faced it head on.


Bam.


With an explosion, Qing Shu was frozen in an ice crystal the size of a house.


“It’s over…” Bai Ning Bing sighed, as he had not fully enjoyed himself.


He stared at Qing Shu, immobile within the ice crystal, and muttered, “Thanks for providing me with such an interesting experience. This battle is the most exciting one I’ve had thus far. Qing Shu, your death had meaning, I will remember it clearly.”


“Lord Qing Shu!” Fang Zheng shouted.


“Why are you shouting, you mere ant? You’re next.” Bai Ning Bing snorted, walking towards Fang Zheng.


Suddenly, the sound of ice shattering reached his ears.


“How?!” He turned around and saw that within the ice crystal, Qing Shu had undergone a massive transformation.


His body had become bigger, and his rank two Gu Master uniform had ripped apart.


His hair turned into green vines, and palm-sized leaves grew endlessly out of them.


His fingers had transformed into sturdy wood and his limbs into thick tree branches, with only the general shape of a person remaining.


With a bang, the ice crystal broke completely.


Qing Shu stood up. His face had already changed completely, his original delicate and handsome features becoming the sharp-nosed, doe-eyed face of a tree spirit.


He was three meters tall, his body strong and covered with tough tree bark. Leaves and vines grew everywhere on him.


Bai Ning Bing stared at his transformation in shock; compared to this Qing Shu, he was like a child beside an adult.


“This appearance, did you refine the Wood Charm Gu? This Gu is way harder to refine than my Frost Demon Gu!” Bai Ning Bing finally understood.


A tree spirit can use the natural essence in the air, no wonder Qing Shu had such ample primeval essence, he realized. But he only became more confused.


He gave voice to the question in his heart. “Qing Shu, using the Wood Charm Gu like this, aren’t you afraid of dying? So what if you defeat me? You’re destined to die!”


“Bai Ning Bing…” Qing Shu’s voice had slowed and deepened. “I understand you like I understand myself. You and I are both orphans, adopted by the clan leader, yet we walk on such different paths. A tree dying in a forest is nothing, for as long as the forest exists, countless trees will continue to grow and rise up. Let’s have our final battle, my nemesis!”


Hundreds of green vines assaulted Bai Ning Bing like giant pythons.


“For the clan? What a fool!” Bai Ning Bing retreated in a rush.


But the vines were several times faster than before, quickly catching up to him.


Bai Ning Bing controlled his body and dodged nimbly. Green vines thick as an arm swept near him, scattering the soil and shattering stone.


Water Shield Gu!


Bai Ning Bing could not dodge in time and created his shield.


Qing Shu had seen through the weakness of this Gu worm. He did not attack forcefully, instead manipulating the vines to wrap around the shield.


Next, he squeezed on the barrier with his vines. The currents swirled as water splashed everywhere.


The water bubble could not endure the strength of the green vines’ restriction and shrank, on the verge of collapsing.


Not good! If the water shield breaks and I get entangled in the vines, Qing Shu will kill me! Bai Ning Bing understood the danger he was in.


In the next moment, the water shield exploded.


Bam!


An ice blade storm exploded from within, growing larger and larger.


Bai Ning Bing had purposefully deactivated the Water Shield Gu. Since defending wouldn’t work, he had to fight offense with offense!


At once, the temperature fell sharply.


The white ice blade storm flew towards Qing Shu. The vines could not stop this tornado, and were cut to pieces by the ice blades.


“Nice timing.” Qing Shu had no fear. His large body bravely entered the ice blade storm.


With a bang, he collided with the white tornado.


He opened both arms, hugging it.


Crack crack…


The sharp ice blades cut through his body, sending leaves and tree bark flying.


Qing Shu growled as he felt the pain through his dulled senses, but he didn’t let go. He gripped the tornado with all his might.


The ice blade storm was actually shrinking under his strength.


Damn it! This maniac that doesn’t care for his life… In this situation, he had no option but to continue creating more ice blades and rotate faster, competing with Qing Shu.


The ice blades slashed at Qing Shu’s body and gradually dulled, but under the Ice Blade Gu’s power, they sharpened once again.


The battle was at a stalemate. Neither of them could hold back or stop.


Either Qing Shu would kill Bai Ning Bing, or Bai Ning Bing would kill Qing Shu. Pitting offense against offense, the battle was filled with bravery and intensity.


