Chapter 1414: True Inheritance Changes Owners


Dancer Hong Yun primarily cultivated cloud path, but because of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, soul searching methods became easy to learn, almost every Gu Immortal knew them.


Right now, as she soul searched Han Li, she learned about his experiences, and also his time inside the Gu formation.


“Interesting!” Dancer Hong Yun grabbed Han Li and went beneath the desert, quickly arriving at the underground cave.


The cave was nearly collapsed, but Dancer Hong Yun found that a small Gu formation was at a corner of the cave.


She arrived in front of it, a path opened to the Gu formation, the formation spirit was inside, saying: “Master!”


The formation spirit was calling for Han Li, of course.


“What a formidable formation spirit! The Gu formation had broken apart earlier, but it managed to assemble it again, this must be the work of the formation spirit.” Dancer Hong Yun was moved.


“This way, Zhen Yuan Zi’s true inheritance is also intact. Haha, this immortal opportunity is mine!” Dancer Hong Yun was extremely happy as she laughed.


Bright light shone across her eyes, carrying Han Li, she said: “Little fellow, I saved your life, in return, you will hand this true inheritance over to me completely.”


Han Li opened his eyes: “Alright.”


“You heard him, formation spirit, your master has given everything to me.” Dancer Hong Yun turned around and said to the formation spirit.




“This…” The formation spirit was hesitant.


“What? You want to defy your master’s orders?” Dancer Hong Yun frowned slightly.


The formation spirit was silent.


Dancer Hong Yun sneered: “Formation spirit, your original owner was Zhen Yuan Zi, he created the true inheritance to pass it down to future individuals, now that Han Li has met the requirements to become your new master, are you going to go against that?”


“Of course not.” The formation spirit said without hesitation.


“Then will you listen to your new master Han Li’s words?” Dancer Hong Yun asked.


“I will.” The formation spirit said without hesitation again.


“In that case, Han Li is giving you to me to repay my act of gratitude, will you resist?” Dancer Hong Yun pressured.


The formation spirit was silent for a while, it felt that something was amiss, but it did not know what.


In the end, it sighed as it said: “No denying it, you are my new master.”




“Hahaha, that is it, submit to me without any resistance.” Saying this, Dancer Hong Yun injected her immortal essence.


The formation spirit did not resist, it was refined easily by the immortal essence.


It was the core of this Gu formation, it could manipulate the formation in place of the Gu Immortal, as long as there was enough immortal essence storage.


The formation spirit submitted to Dancer Hong Yun, the other Gu worms also went along with it, the immortal Gu formation quickly changed owners.


Dancer Hong Yun received several Immortal Gu, a large number of mortal Gu, as well as Zhen Yuan Zi’s complete formation path true inheritance from the formation spirit.


The immortal formation was completely open to Dancer Hong Yun without any concealment now.


Dancer Hong Yun laughed loudly, she did not go in immediately, instead, she waved at Han Li.


Guh.


With a soft sound, Han Li turned into a pile of flesh, he was completely dead, even his soul was decimated.


It turned out that Han Li did not actually wake up, Dancer Hong Yun used her immortal level methods to instill her will and manipulate Han Li, having him agree to hand over the true inheritance to her.


It was very difficult to take Immortal Gu.


But Han Li was a mortal, while Dancer Hong Yun was a Gu Immortal.


The difference between immortal and mortal was too big, Dancer Hong Yun completely suppressed him with her strength, he could not resist at all.


Of course, if a mortal truly owned an Immortal Gu, it would not be easy for the Gu Immortal to take their Immortal Gu.


If they were not careful, the mortal will destroy the Immortal Gu with them, there would be nothing to gain.


Dancer Hong Yun’s situation was very special.


Even though Han Li passed the test and became the true inheritance’s inheritor, because of the green claw ghost winged lion, he did not refine the formation spirit or any of the other Gu worms.


Thus, the Gu worms left by Zhen Yuan Zi were still filled with Zhen Yuan Zi’s will.


This was a loophole that Dancer Hong Yun made use of.


There was another special reason, it was the formation spirit.


Formation spirit Immortal Gu was a unique creation of Zhen Yuan Zi, he replicated land spirits and heavenly spirits, to create a formation spirit for the Gu Immortal, to assist in manipulating it.


Formation spirit Immortal Gu was a one time consumable Gu worm, the Immortal Gu would vanish after using it once, instead, a formation spirit would be born.


In the future, if a Gu Immortal wanted to use formation spirit Immortal Gu again, they would need to refine a new one.


The formation spirit had a certain level of intelligence, it was similar to land spirits and heavenly spirits, it could not lie, it was quite artless.


This gave Dancer Hong Yun the chance to lie and deceive it, attempting to convince it.


If there was no formation spirit and only a bunch of Gu worms, they could not talk to Dancer Hong Yun, she could not convince them.


But all in all, Dancer Hong Yun inherited Zhen Yuan Zi’s formation path true inheritance.


“Zhen Yuan Zi was a Gu Immortal from the super force Che clan, to think that as a righteous path member, he actually left his true inheritance here instead of giving it to his clan.” Thousand Transformations’ will sighed: “It seems that the rumors were true, Zhen Yuan Zi was not on good terms with the clan, he was pushed aside by their Gu Immortals.”


“This was all thanks to you, husband, that we could obtain this fortuitous encounter.” Dancer Hong Yun smiled.


“Mm, after we save Cui Bo, and return to myriad statue desert, you will hand the true inheritance over to my main body. Don’t worry, you will get your benefits.” Thousand Transformations’ will said plainly.


Dancer Hong Yun’s felt some loss, she knew that if the true inheritance was handed over, the essence of it would be taken by Thousand Transformations Ancestor, it was uncertain how much would be left to her.


But she had to give it to him.


Throughout the process, Thousand Transformations’ will was with her, watching everything.


Dancer Hong Yun had good strength, but against a rank eight existence, she had no strength to resist.


“But in the first place, if I was alone, I would not have taken this risk. We could encounter Zhen Yuan Zi’s true inheritance because of husband’s will.”


Thinking of this, Dancer Hong Yun’s mind became more peaceful.


She inspected her gains, there were three Immortal Gu, two were formation path Immortal Gu. Even though it was just a few, they were all rank seven.


And the formation spirit was considered half an Immortal Gu.


If not for the fact that this Gu formation broke apart once, Dancer Hong Yun would have even greater gains.


After changing her location, Dancer Hong Yun internally cursed at Han Li for being trash, a mere mortal who dared to try getting a Gu Immortal true inheritance, he truly deserved death!




