Chapter 1415: Fixed Luck


“Master, you cannot dismantle the Gu formation. Once this Gu formation is destroyed, I will also be destroyed.” At this time, the formation spirit said to Dancer Hong Yun.


Dancer Hong Yun nodded.


This formation spirit was really useful.


When the Gu formation collapsed earlier, without anybody controlling it, it should have just broken apart entirely. But because of the formation spirit, a portion of the Gu formation was salvaged and made into a smaller incomplete formation, it managed to last until now.


Just like how land spirits could fix their blessed lands when they had holes, formation spirits could do the same.


Dancer Hong Yun was not going to give up such a useful formation spirit.


The formation spirit said again: “Thankfully, there is a formation flag Gu in the Gu formation. Master should first use formation flag Gu, keep this Gu formation in formation flag Gu, before placing it into your immortal aperture.”


Back then, since Zhen Yuan Zi created formation spirit Immortal Gu, he naturally understood its limitations, thus, he created formation flag Gu to supplement it.


Earlier, when the Gu formation collapsed, the formation spirit first salvaged formation flag Immortal Gu, thus, Dancer Hong Yun only needed to learn to control it now.


Some days later.


The night sky was filled with bright stars.




The air was cold, there was fog.


In Western Desert, on a very ordinary sand dune, the light on Fang Yuan slowly faded.


Eventually, all of his aura was concealed as the light turned into tiny specks that got drowned in the darkness of the night.


Fang Yuan let out a breath of air and suddenly opened his eyes.


“I wonder what is the final effect of this immortal killer move, fixed luck…”


These last days, while Fang Yuan was escaping, he had been using this immortal killer move from time to time.


He obtained fixed luck from Ma Hong Yun.


Fang Yuan found fixed luck from Ma Hong Yun’s soul, of course, it meant that the killer move, fixed luck, was a part of all living beings luck from Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s true inheritance.


Fixed luck was very suitable for Fang Yuan.


Its effect was to make one’s luck unwavering and not easily influenced.




All along, Fang Yuan had been afraid of the weakness of Connect Luck.


After all, back then when he used Connect Luck on Han Li, Hong Yi, and Ye Fan, it was because they had strong luck. But things changed, after obtaining Dog Shit Luck, Fang Yuan’s luck was superior to them.


This meant that Fang Yuan had to split his good luck to Han Li and the others.


This was detrimental to him.


Especially when using burning soul bursting luck, the luck he gained would not fully benefit him, a portion would be split to the rest of them.


In the past, Fang Yuan did not have a choice, but after killing Ma Hong Yun, he had a method now.


Fixed luck was the solution.


The core of this killer move was stubborn Immortal Gu, and rule path Immortal Gu ‘Main’. But after Fang Yuan’s modification, this killer move used precaution Immortal Gu and rule path Immortal Gu ‘Big’ instead.


Fang Yuan had precaution Immortal Gu long ago, while ‘big’ Immortal Gu was obtained from Purple Mountain True Monarch.


Purple Mountain True Monarch was a miniman Gu Immortal. After using ‘big’ Immortal Gu, his body would expand and he would become a human Gu Immortal.


However, Fang Yuan’s luck path attainment was not at grandmaster level, the modification of the move only succeeded partially.


This killer move still had some flaws, when activating it, even if Fang Yuan made no mistakes, there was still a chance of failure.


That was the say, this killer move, fixed luck, was not reliable upon activation.


Fang Yuan knew the weakness, but because of his low attainment level, he could not fix it or modify it properly.


In the past, Fang Yuan had been desiring break luck Immortal Gu, but now, even though he did not have break luck Immortal Gu, he had fixed luck, he could defend his own interests.


Fixed luck’s effect could not be seen physically, he was unsure of the effect.


But according to the content of all living beings luck, Fang Yuan knew: When two people had a close relationship, their luck would be joined together. If two people were on the same side, their luck would unify, they would rise together or go down together. This was what it meant to enjoy fortune and endure misfortune together.


However, through Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s research, he found that even if luck was unified, there were subtle profound differences.


Even though fortune could be shared, and misfortune could be endured together.


Some people would get more fortune and suffer less misfortune.


Why?


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable realized that the person with greater luck between these two would gain more benefits, the one with weaker luck would suffer more hardship, and even bring great benefits to the other person when they gain benefits themselves.


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable named this relationship as the main luck and sub luck, creating their respective luck path Immortal Gu. However, Fang Yuan did not have main luck Immortal Gu and sub luck Immortal Gu now.


Even without them, Fang Yuan could fix his own luck and create differences between his own luck and others, becoming the main luck.


After resting for a while, Fang Yuan put fixed luck behind him as he went back to modifying the killer move, self cleansing.


In terms of formation path, Fang Yuan was much more confident, after all, he was a formation path grandmaster.


With his advantage, his progress in this aspect was rapid.


Thus, turning the entire self cleansing killer move into a Gu formation was only a few steps away from finishing.


Success was around the corner, but Fang Yuan’s worry was that he lacked the crucial formation path Immortal Gu.


Lang Ya Sect’s formation plate Immortal Gu could be borrowed, but it was only rank six. Meanwhile, the self cleansing immortal formation was at rank seven.


Using rank six formation plate Gu for a rank seven immortal formation, the chances of failure were high.


There was another point, the formation plate Gu recorded the sub-main teleportation Gu formation of Lang Ya Sect, if Fang Yuan wanted to use it to make the self cleansing formation, he would need to erase the content of the sub-main teleportation Gu formation.


Next, he would need to set up the formation using formation plate Gu, after one success, formation plate Gu would have the ability to set up the self cleansing formation itself.


This was a problem.


Fang Yuan had negotiated with Lang Ya land spirit before.


The sub-main teleportation formation was too important to Lang Ya land spirit and Lang Ya Sect, it affected their development.


Lang Ya Sect had no formation path Gu Immortals, the teleportation formations were created relying on this formation plate Immortal Gu.


If Fang Yuan wanted to erase the information in formation plate Immortal Gu and put in new details, it would mean that Lang Ya Sect would lose the ability to set up the sub-main teleportation Gu formation.


This was unacceptable to Lang Ya land spirit.


They did not have information path methods to extract the information recorded in formation plate Gu.


Simply looking at the process of formation plate Gu setting up the immortal Gu formation could not explain all of its profundities, there were many hidden details like instilling immortal essence, or the cooperation of Gu worms.


Fang Yuan had to reassure Lang Ya land spirit that as a formation path grandmaster, he could recreate the sub-main teleportation formation.


Lang Ya land spirit was hesitating now.




