Chapter 142: Qing Shu vs Bai Ning Bing (Part 3)


Fang Zheng stood in the distance, not even daring to breathe.


The battle had reached its climax. The winner and loser would be decided with this final showdown.


“Lord Qing Shu, hang in there!” Fang Zheng was so nervous his body was shaking. He knew that approaching to assist would only cause trouble, so all he could do was cheer for his captain.


As if in response to Fang Zheng’s voice, the ice blade storm diminished further under Qing Shu’s grasp.


Damn it, I’m actually running out of primeval essence… Bai Ning Bing gritted his teeth. The storm’s rotation slowed as he reduced his primeval essence expenditure. He was gradually becoming helpless.


The Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique’s primeval essence recovery was very fast, but at rank three, it was still surpassed by a tree spirit’s ability to extract natural essence from the environment. If Bai Ning Bing was rank four, his recovery speed would greatly surpass the Wood Charm Gu.


But in life and death battles, there was no “if”.


Whether it was a win or a loss, the results had to be accepted.


Eventually the ice blade storm stopped, but Qing Shu had paid a heavy price.


His arms had grown to the size of horse carriages. Both hands were half-shredded due to the ice blades, and he only had two fingers remaining on his left and three on his right.


But as he pressed his hands together, new tree branches sprouted from them and wove together, forming a wooden cage that trapped Bai Ning Bing within.


“Damn it!” Bai Ning Bing gritted his teeth. His primeval essence was running dry. He was at Qing Shu’s mercy.


“We won!!” Fang Zheng jumped up in joy.


Am I going to die…? Bai Ning Bing’s eyes widened as Qing Shu’s hands pressed inwards. When they fully clasped together, he would be smashed into meat paste.


But the hands slowed more and more, and gradually stopped.


Bai Ning Bing was stunned for a moment, before bursting with joy. He realized that Qing Shu had pushed himself too far.


Damn, I was so close… Qing Shu’s heart was filled with helplessness. He had lost all sensation in his hands, as they had completely turned into wood.


At the same time, he could feel himself losing his connection with his internal organs. The Wood Charm Gu had corroded his entire body, bringing him to the brink of death.


No, it cannot end like this! I can still use the Green Vine Gu! Qing Shu forced himself to focus and activated it.


Countless thick vines appeared and attacked Bai Ning Bing through the openings of the cage.


Bai Ning Bing dodged as best he could, but he had undergone several battles, and his stamina was greatly depleted. Furthermore, there was little space in the cage, and he could not move much. Eventually, a vine entangled his right leg and he tripped.


It’s over. Qing Shu sighed in relief as he sent dozens of vines to finish him off.


In the moment before his death, Bai Ning Bing’s aperture finally recovered enough primeval essence.


He used all of it without further thought, sending it all into his Ice Blade Gu. A frozen blade appeared in his hand.


Its sharp edge easily severed the vine holding his right leg. Bai Ning Bing rolled awkwardly, barely managing to avoid oncoming vines.


They hit the ground and penetrated deep into the thick earth. Soil flew around as the attacked once again.


Bai Ning Bing breathed heavily as he mounted a desperate defense.


He was walking on thin ice. The green vines approached from all directions, and a single mistake would result in instant death.


But he was, after all, a top tier genius. Under the stimulation of death, he squeezed out all his potential, and his evasive actions became quick and clear.


Although he was tripped sometimes by the green vines, he managed to avoid the worst of it and keep his life.


He continued to cut the vines, and the amount gradually decreased.


It was not that Qing Shu did not want to produce more vines, but he had already absorbed almost all of the natural essence in the area.


Although it was gradually gathering in the air once more, it was not enough to fulfill the Green Vine Gu’s needs.


There was an even worse piece of news — the Wood Charm Gu had completely corroded Qing Shu’s body and was starting to affect his mind.


Qing Shu’s head grew hazy and he passed in and out of consciousness.


His body bore the aura of death.


Is it going to end? No… He was indignant, forcing his mind to focus and putting all his remaining effort into killing Bai Ning Bing.


He could no longer see, for the Wood Charm Gu had taken his eyes. He could no longer hear, for it had already taken his ears.


He only had a meager sense of touch.


Relying on the sensation of Bai Ning Bing’s counterattacks, he judged the distance and position and attacked.


His efforts were rewarded, as Bai Ning Bing was finally captured. A vine wrapped around his neck and raised him up, gradually tightening.


Bai Ning Bing’s breathing became difficult, and though he opened his mouth wide, it didn’t help. Both he and Qing Shu were approaching death.


•••


Fang Yuan breathed roughly. He had just finished an intense battle.


Around him were scattered five corpses, their eyes open and unseeing. They were all Bai Clan Gu Masters.


By relying on the Stealth Scales Gu to surprise them, the power of the Moonglow Gu, the might of two boars, and his past life’s long years of experience, he could display shocking strength.


Although he had told Qing Shu he was going to return to the village, it was just an excuse.


After moving some distance away, he had used the Stealth Scales Gu to hide himself, circling around to the area where Man Shi and Xiong Li had died.


He collected the Gu worms from Man Shi’s and his team’s corpses, but when he got to where Xiong Li had fallen, he found that the corpse was missing, not to mention their Gu worms.


It seems that Xiong Lin collected everything. I wanted to get Xiong Li’s Brown Bear Innate Strength Gu, what a waste. Fang Yuan sighed.


He hadn’t wanted to leave Xiong Lin alive.


But at the time, since he had just killed Xiong Jiang, Xiong Lin had become vigilant. Killing him would have taken too much effort.


Also, Bai Ning Bing had been close by. If Fang Yuan and Xiong Lin had fought, Bai Ning Bing would have been overjoyed.


But Xiong Li might not actually possess the Brown Bear Innate Strength Gu. Since he has already obtained the strength of a bear, he might have already returned it to his clan.


Fang Yuan looked over the battle-torn mountainside.


The fight against Bai Ning Bing would cause a huge commotion, and it would be detected by the surrounding wolf packs and Gu Masters.


Although Fang Yuan was not optimistic about Qing Shu’s chances, he had seen firsthand the power of the Wood Charm Gu in his previous life. At the very least, there would be an intense battle.


He was unwilling to give up such an opportunity. He chose to wait in the vicinity.


At times, Gu Masters were attracted by the sounds of the intense battle, so Fang Yuan lured some wolf packs over and restrained them.


Those that he couldn’t stop, Fang Yuan would strike down with his own hands.


Roots extended from Fang Yuan’s right ear and dug into the mountain rock. The sounds of battle from Qing Shu and Bai Ning Bing have come to a halt. It seems the victor had been decided already.


Honestly speaking, Qing Shu’s performance was better than expected. The loss of his right arm had affected Bai Ning Bing more than Fang Yuan thought it would.


But soon, Fang Yuan’s expression changed.


He heard large amounts of footsteps from two directions, both heading towards the battlefield.


Each group had at least twenty people, one of them coming from the direction of Gu Yue Village and the other from Bai Village. It was not something a Bold Lightning Wolf pack could block, and Fang Yuan didn’t have time to lure two packs of wolves anyway.


It seems someone from both clans found out about the battle. If I want to act, the time is now.


Fang Yuan was closer to the battle, so he arrived first.


The results were not out of his expectations.


Between the gaps in the cage, he could see Bai Ning Bing being choked by vines. He was on his last breath, but he was still barely alive.


His ice muscles’ defenses are barely keeping him alive. Unfortunately, you have encountered me. Fang Yuan’s killing intent surged as he sprinted towards Bai Ning Bing.


Swish swish swish.


Suddenly, a flurry of pine needles fell on Fang Yuan like rain.


They came from Qing Shu’s Pine Needle Gu.


What? Fang Yuan retreated immediately, avoiding the green rain.


He stared at the giant tree spirit and realized the answer at once. It seems that Qing Shu’s consciousness has blurred to the point that he can no longer differentiate between friend and foe. All that remains is his desire to kill Bai Ning Bing. Anyone who approaches is automatically deemed an enemy.


At that moment, Bai Clan Gu Masters appeared in the distance.


Seeing the remnants of the intense battle, their faces were full of shock.


“You over there, don’t make any unnecessary movements!” a rank three Gu Master shouted threateningly towards Fang Yuan.


This Bai Ning Bing is such a cockroach. Fang Yuan laughed coldly in his heart. He knew that he would not be able to strike him down today.


Qing Shu could not finish off Bai Ning Bing with just his vines.


If Fang Yuan tried to approach, he would have to break past Qing Shu’s defenses, but that would distract Qing Shu and might even help Bai Ning Bing escape his predicament.


Even if he managed to break through, those Bai Clan elites were not for show. They would definitely stop him.


Furthermore, fighting against Bai Ning Bing was dangerous as well.


By now, his aperture should have recovered enough primeval essence to at least use the Blue Bird Ice Coffin Gu.


And even if Fang Yuan managed to kill Bai Ning Bing, the Bai Clan elites would definitely kill him in return.


Fang Yuan sighed in his heart. The distance is too great. He is at least twenty meters away, and my Moonglow Gu’s range is only ten. Furthermore…Bai Ning Bing is destined to die anyway. Killing him now would put me at great risk and interfere with my rebirth plans. It is not worth it.


Fang Yuan took a few steps back.


It was a weak and cowardly movement, causing the Bai Clan Gu Masters to breathe a sigh of relief.


