Chapter 143: Answer


Soon after, Fang Zheng arrived as well.

“Lord Qing Shu!” He ran forward with a joyful expression, but was soon forced to retreat by a rain of pine needles.

“Captain, it’s me, Fang Zheng!!” he shouted in shock, sensing something amiss for the first time.

But how could Qing Shu answer him?

“Big Brother, what’s wrong with Lord Qing Shu?” In his confusion and shock, he could only turn to Fang Yuan.

But Fang Yuan ignored him. He squatted low and formed his right hand into a claw shape, grasping towards Bai Ning Bing.

Plunder Gu!

He secretly activated this Gu and quickly sensed that he had grabbed something.

He pulled back, and a Gu worm flew out of Bai Ning Bing’s body.

It was a Red Steel Relic Gu!

The Bai clan Leader had given it to Bai Ning Bing, but he hadn’t used it due to his naturally fast cultivation speed.

Now, it had become Fang Yuan’s loot.

At the sight of Fang Yuan stealing Gu from Bai Ning Bing’s body, the Bai Clan Gu Masters grew furious. They started shouting at him.

“Scumbag, if you don’t want to die, stop right now!”

“How dare you steal our clan’s Gu right in front of us!!”

It’s a Red Steel Relic Gu…

Fang Yuan laughed coldly. Once it reached him, he used the Spring Autumn Cicada to instantly refine it. But instead of putting it in his aperture, he stowed it in his clothes, as though he hadn’t refined it yet.

He grabbed towards Bai Ning Bing once again. This time, a gray beetle flew out.

Stone Aperture Gu… Fang Yuan recognized this Gu immediately. His eyes gleamed as he once again stowed it in his clothes.

“Damn it, yet another Gu worm!”

“Stop him, stop him! He dares to steal from us openly, he does not hold any regard for our Bai Clan!”

“Save Bai Ning Bing, kill these guys!”

The Bai Clan Gu Masters ran furiously towards the two Gu Yue Gu Masters.

Bai Ning Bing had the full support of his clan, so every Gu worm in his possession was outstanding. Their hearts were bleeding as they watched Fang Yuan snatch them away in broad daylight.

It felt worse than killing them.

Seeing the elites approaching with their imposing aura, Fang Zheng took a step back in fright, but Fang Yuan was unfazed.

He and Fang Zheng were at the east side of the mountain path while the Bai Clan Gu Masters were at the west, and in the middle of the two groups were Qing Shu and Bai Ning Bing.

Whoosh whoosh!

Pine needles fell like rain.

“Damn it…” The Bai Clan Gu Masters cursed as they were temporarily stopped by Qing Shu.

Qing Shu is going to die at any moment. I can only use the Plunder Gu once more. What will I get this time? Fang Yuan activated it once more.

Every time the Plunder Gu was used, it expended a large amount of primeval essence, and the amount increased based on how strong the target Gu worm was. If the plunder failed, the Gu Master would even receive backlash.

Thus, the Plunder Gu was a rather unreliable Gu, with little usage.

But at that moment, Bai Ning Bing was almost dead, his consciousness was hazy, and he was almost at his limits. Plundering his Gu worms was not hard at all.

Among the Gu worms in Bai Ning Bing’s possession, the most valuable was the Frost Demon Gu. It was similar to the Wood Charm Gu, and allowed a person to transform into a frost demon. But if used for extended periods, it would cause the Gu Master’s life force to dwindle as they became an ice statue.

Bai Ning Bing knew this weakness, and had thus never overused it, in contrast to Qing Shu.

Other than the Frost Demon Gu, the second most valuable was the Blue Bird Ice Coffin Gu, which was rank three. Right now, it resided in Bai Ning Bing’s throat.

Stealing it would be the best case scenario. But the Plunder Gu was only rank two, and could not target specific Gu.

Eventually, Fang Yuan caught Bai Ning Bing’s Water Shield Gu.

This was not bad at all. The Water Shield Gu, together with the White Jade Gu, could provide Fang Yuan greater defensive power.

The tree spirit that was all that remained of Qing Shu was eventually felled by the Bai Clan Gu Masters.

They split open the wooden cage and saved Bai Ning Bing, who had fainted in the meantime.

Just as they were about to turn and attack Fang Yuan and Fang Zheng, the Gu Yue Clan reinforcements arrived.

The two sides were at a stalemate for a while, but eventually both retreated in mutual understanding.

With the threat of the wolf tide, Qing Shu’s death and Bai Ning Bing’s injury were already horrifying losses. If a proper battle broke out between the clans, they would both find it hard to survive the coming days.

Regardless of which world, people fought mostly for their own benefit.

And the greatest benefit in the world was undoubtedly “survival”.

In the end, Qing Shu’s corpse and Gu worms were brought back by the Gu Yue Clan’s Gu Masters.

Both sides remained on guard as they retreated from the battlefield.

•••

Rain poured down from the brooding sky.

There was a graveyard on a hillside behind Gu Yue Village. A group of people were gathered there.

Every now and then, there would be a few more gravestones erected here.

In this world, it was tough for people to survive. Whether due to external threats or internal causes, there would always be a few sacrifices.

The clan elder’s voice was hoarse and low as it entered everyone’s ears, making them feel even more depressed.

“We have the same surname, we come from the same clan, the same blood flows in our veins.

We are so close together, yet we are forever separated by life and death.

This pain aches in my heart.

Wait for me.

Someday in the future, I will lay beside you as well.

Let us turn into ash and soil, as we support our future generations…”

Before a newly erected gravestone, a group of people stood with their heads hung low. Some were crying softly, and some were staring at the name on the tombstone, full of sorrow.

The cruelty of death was like a skeletal hand, slashing a bloody wound in their hearts.

Some were already numb from the pain, while others were still too inexperienced.

Fang Zheng was among the latter. His drooping eyes stared at the four words engraved on the tombstone: “Gu Yue Qing Shu”.

Dead?

In his eyes, there was endless uncertainty.

Yesterday’s battle, the entire process and situation, was still imprinted deep in his heart.

His experience was limited. He did not understand Qing Shu’s moving and tragic bravery, nor his sacrifice.

Even though the truth was in front of him, he could not accept it.

Lord Qing Shu, who always smiles, advises, shows concern, and takes care of me…is actually dead?

Why did this happen?

Why is it that in this world, good people die easily, while bad people live on?

Is this a dream, am I having a dream right now?

Fang Zheng clenched his fists tight. The very real sensation made him even more upset.

The voices of the surrounding Gu Masters entered his ears.

“I can’t believe that this time, even Lord Qing Shu sacrificed himself.”

“Humans will eventually die, but it is too much of a pity. I heard that Bai Ning Bing still had a breath of vitality left, and he was eventually saved.”

“May he rest in peace, and bless us with the hopes of surviving this wolf tide…”

The crowd slowly dispersed, until Fang Zheng was the only one left.

The young man’s lonely shadow, facing the graveyard full of tombstones alone.

“Lord Qing Shu!” He suddenly sank to his knees, his tears falling to the ground amidst the rain.

He was lost, he was regretful, he was in pain!

Drip. Drip drop, drip drop…

Bean-sized raindrops fell from the dark clouds, striking the ground, bending the leaves and tree branches.

The smell of the earth rushed into Fang Zheng’s nostrils, and he wept in painful grief. The sound of his crying and the falling rain mixed together. His fingers dug into the soil, as if trying to retrieve Qing Shu’s life, but in the end the only thing that filled his hands was dirt.

•••

Bai Ning Bing lay upon a soft bed, staring blankly at the rain.

The stump of his missing right arm had been wrapped with a white bandage. His eyes had returned to their natural black, but his cultivation remained at rank three. He no longer attempted to suppress it.

When he had woken up from his slumber, he felt dispirited and empty.

He lay on his bed peacefully for over ten hours, just staring. He let the rank three white silver primeval essence nurture his aperture; he couldn’t be bothered to care about it.

The rain triggered the deepest memories in his heart.

It was under such a summer rain that he was officially adopted by the clan leader. The clan leader’s benevolent and hopeful gaze fell on him as the surrounding clan elders’ words of congratulations gushed in like tidal waves.

He had stood barefoot on the icy ground and stared at the rain outside the window, but all he felt was being lost and lonely.

What is the meaning of living? This question had troubled him for more than twenty years. It would likely continue until his self-detonation and death.

Is it for kinship, for the clan… Bai Ning Bing couldn’t help but think of Qing Shu.

From his youth till now, he had seen such a sacrifice many times. Sometimes it was a Bai clansman, sometimes it was from one of the other clans.

He could not understand these fanatics. He was born a cold and emotionless person.

Qing Shu could not give him answers, so Bai Ning Bing thought of Fang Yuan.

The first time he saw Fang Yuan, he had been sitting by a tree, eating a wild fruit while staring emotionlessly at the battle below.

He had been so excited that his body trembled. He saw himself in Fang Yuan’s eerie, abyssal eyes.

But now that he thought about it, Fang Yuan’s gaze held something more, something he himself lacked.

That thing was the answer to his questions.

•••

The rain grew heavier. Thunder rumbled as lightning flashed in the sky.

“What is the meaning behind living?” In the dark room, Fang Zheng asked the same question.

Gu Yue Bo sighed. The clan leader looked at the distraught young man before him with pity, then cast his gaze to the rain outside the window.

Fang Zheng’s doubt was understandable. Death always made people think about the true value of life.

After a while, Gu Yue Bo started to speak. “Did you know? More than ten years ago, there was another young man in a similar situation that asked me the same question.

“That person was your clan leader’s…my…adopted son: Qing Shu.”

Fang Zheng raised his head, stunned. His swollen red eyes showed an intense desire for answers.

