Chapter 1432: Huang Shis Pursuit


Boom!


A huge sudden spring burst out of the peaceful river surface.


Compared to this sudden spring, Lord Huang Shi, who was flying in the air, resembled a tiny mosquito.


Even before the sudden spring hit him, Lord Huang Shi felt like it was getting faster and faster!


That was not true of course, the sudden spring actually became slower as it got higher and higher, the reason why Lord Huang Shi felt that was because his own relative speed had fallen.


This was the River of Time, the eruption of sudden springs will cause everything around it to slow down. In that case, the target would find it harder to escape.


“Hmph.” Lord Huang Shi was not fazed, at the crucial moment, bright light shone from his head.


At the next instance, he was completely restored to normal condition as he retreated, causing the sudden spring to miss its target.


Rumble!


With another loud sound, the sudden spring crashed back into the river and created a huge wave.


Lord Huang Shi wiped the sweat off his forehead.




“This sudden spring has the power of a rank eight killer move, even I have to be careful, if I got hit, I would suffer great injuries.”


“If I encounter a rank nine level sudden spring, I would definitely be gravely injured, I might even die.”


Lord Huang Shi felt pressured in his heart.


Even though he was a rank eight Gu Immortal and had territorial advantage when fighting in the River of Time.


He knew that Fang Yuan had luck path methods, and even a rather comprehensive all living beings luck true inheritance.


Being at the sudden spring river segment, other than one’s strength, one had to depend on their own luck.


“I am chasing after Fang Yuan now, this is not beneficial to him. According to the profundities of luck path, my journey will not be smooth, it will be filled with problems.”


“Fang Yuan chose this route to trouble me, this is a good plan.”


“However…” Lord Huang Shi frowned, feeling doubts: “No matter how lucky Fang Yuan is, he can’t avoid all the sudden springs, right? Even if rank nine sudden springs are rare, those rank seven sudden springs are countless, and there are also many rank eight sudden springs. How did he pass them? Did he use reverse flow protection seal the entire time?”


If he was using reverse flow protection seal, this would be great news to Lord Huang Shi.




Because this sudden spring river segment was very long, if Fang Yuan used his killer move the entire time, his immortal essence would be greatly expended. This would be helpful when Lord Huang Shi fights him later.


Lord Huang Shi did not expect that Fang Yuan would enslave an immemorial year monkey to act as his shield.


Even though Fang Yuan could control the upper extreme heavenly eagle, Heavenly Court attributed that to Hei Fan’s true inheritance. Fang Yuan was controlling a rank eight existence with rank seven cultivation level, it was a shocking accomplishment.


But the truth was hundred and eighty slaves, and years flow like water Immortal Gu’s flaw.


Especially the latter, Hei Fan did not expose his own weakness. This secret was unknown to Heavenly Court, they could not deduce that Fang Yuan had a way to lure immemorial year beasts to him.


Because of such reasons, Heavenly Court did not manage to learn that Fang Yuan could control an immemorial year beast.


After a few minutes, Lord Huang Shi flew out of the sudden spring river segment.


Fairy Zi Wei’s guidance was transmitted to him again.


Lord Huang Shi changed directions, raising his speed as he flew towards Fang Yuan.


A moment later, his figure paused as he looked ahead uncertainly.


“Dark web spider!” Lord Huang Shi had a grim expression as he muttered this.


In front of him, there was a huge spider with a pale-white body, it was unmoving on a huge web.


The spider was larger than the sudden spring earlier, it was like a mountain, its four limbs were like ridges.


Compared to the spider, Lord Huang Shi was tiny, he was like an ant in front of an elephant.


Larger than the dark web spider was the huge web it was on.


This huge web was made of a crystal-like substance, some threads were thin, while others were thick like tree trunks. The web was not flat, it was weaved into a forest-like cage.


Countless spider threads stabbed into the water of the River of Time like roots. No matter how the water flowed, these threads remained stationary.


A vast number of spider threads weaved together into a huge crystal nest. Each of the connectors had many complex threads linking to different directions.


Lord Huang Shi’s heart sank.


He did not dare to believe it, Fang Yuan and the rest managed to get past here to head to Red Lotus’ true inheritance?


He confirmed it again, Fairy Zi Wei’s directions were not wrong.


This made him even more confident of his conjuncture now, Fang Yuan had designed this route to target him!


“Fang Yuan wants to use this dangerous place to force me to retreat?” Lord Huang Shi had a cold expression, he snorted before flying into the huge crystal nest.


Each dark web spider was an immemorial desolate beast, they had their own territories in the River of Time, in their territory, even immemorial desolate beasts would not dare to rampage.


It was a predator at the top of the food chain.


The dark web spider relies on its unimaginable great strength besides its huge body, as well as its sharp mouth and this crystal nest.


Each crystal nest thread is extraordinary, Gu Immortals of the past gave it a fanciful name, used until today —


Peaceful time thread.


Any rank seven or below existence would be in a state of frozen time if they touch the thread. They cannot move and would end up being eaten by the dark web spider which moves slowly towards it.


For someone like Lord Huang Shi, one single thread of peaceful time thread cannot affect him, but with a hundred of them together, even he would be in grave danger.


And in the entire crystal nest, how many peaceful time threads were there? Simply uncountable!


Lord Huang Shi moved very very slowly.


He carefully moved past each of the threads that had weaved into a web.


He had thought of detouring this dangerous place to pursue Fang Yuan.


But this way, he would need to travel a long route, Fang Yuan would gain a lot of time instead.


And what if this Red Lotus true inheritance was inside the crystal nests to begin with?


Thus, Lord Huang Shi had to step into this dangerous place and pursue Fang Yuan.


“As long as I remain careful and avoid touching any peaceful time thread, I will be able to get through this safely.” Lord Huang Shi thought as a loud explosion occurred, there was incredible sound resembling the crashing of heaven and earth.


The crystal web nest shook along with the loud sound waves.


The dark web spider was alerted, its hundred and eighty compound eyes stared at Lord Huang Shi!


“Damn it!”


“It must be Fang Yuan’s trap!”


Lord Huang Shi was furious, but he felt little shock. If he was Fang Yuan, he would have set the same trap against his enemies.


“Since I am able to get here, I have my assurance, I am able to get past this dangerous area while the dark web spider is alerted!”


With a cold snort, Lord Huang Shi started to use his immortal killer move on the crystal threads.


These crystal threads were not easy to destroy even though they were fragile, because any killer move would freeze in time as long as they got closer to the threads.


Of course, against rank eight killer moves, the peaceful time threads had an upper limit in terms of defense.


Lord Huang Shi started to act, using his rank eight killer moves to attack the crystal threads, at an increasingly fast speed.


He was a time path great expert, he had effective methods against the peaceful time threads.


Furthermore, that dark web spider moved slowly, it could not catch up to Lord Huang Shi.


Lord Huang Shi did not want to fight the dark web spider, he had a huge responsibility on him.


But his path of retreat was not smooth, there were often immortal killer moves, sound waves, frost, and flames obstructing him.


Lord Huang Shi’s speed was greatly obstructed, he was eventually caught up by the spider as they fought intensely.


Bam bam bam…


After an intense battle, Lord Huang Shi broke free from the dark web spider and left its territory.


But now, he was in a more sorry state than before, not only was he covered in dust, he even suffered minor injuries.


“This damn Fang Yuan, how many traps did he set! And these traps all activate at the perfect timing, there is deep planning in this!”


Lord Huang Shi suffered a loss, he was filled with rage, he would not let Fang Yuan off.


He flew while he treated his injuries.


Not long after, he entered a weird river segment.


“What is going on? I can feel a strong sword path and blade path aura in this river segment?” Lord Huang Shi was surprised as suspicion flashed on his face.


He slowed down and observed, this river segment had permeating sword qi and blade light.


“Wait, don’t tell me, this is…”


Lord Huang Shi frowned.


“I traveled upstream towards the past, in terms of distance, I probably went back to a hundred thousand years ago, I am at the Late Antiquity Era!”


“Late Antiquity Era, sword path, blade path…”


“I know! Western Desert’s Xi Yuan, this person cultivated sword path, created sword abyss, and killed three rank eight Gu Immortals. There is another blade path demonic immortal, he is known as Dao Jiu Lang, he had overwhelming demonic might, rampaging in Western Desert, he managed to break the expulsion formation and shook the world. These two fought before, it was an intense fight that led to great destruction.”


Lord Huang Shi used his investigative methods, and as expected, this segment of the river was affected by the battle between these two rank eight great experts, causing this to become a blade river segment.


It was more dangerous to get past here compared to the sudden spring river segment, because it was possible that Dao Jiu Lang’s or Xi Yuan’s immortal killer moves would suddenly appear and attack.


When sudden springs occur, there is a process in their eruptions. But this blade river segment did not have that.


“Fang Yuan and the rest actually came here? Are they trying to die!” Lord Huang Shi gritted his teeth, entering.


Since Fang Yuan and the rest could enter, as a rank eight great expert, he could not back down.


Fairy Zi Wei guided him as Lord Huang Shi got closer to his target.


Roar!


The immemorial year monkey fought in turbulent waves, it was covered in injuries, blood was flowing as the surrounding area was dyed red.


On the immemorial year monkey, Bai Ning Bing, Fairy Miao Yin, and the rest were defending themselves.


“I finally found you all!” Lord Huang Shi’s eyes shined brightly, he charged ahead without thinking!




