Chapter 144: Sacrifice Is Common, Faith is Undying


“I said to him, ‘There are a thousand and one reasons to live. I cannot tell you why you should live, only you have the answer. Go find it yourself.’”


“Then, Clan Leader, what is your own answer?” Fang Zheng asked in confusion.


Gu Yue Bo laughed. In his eyes, Fang Zheng and Qing Shu’s images were overlapping. Qing Shu had asked the same question.


He thought for a moment, recalling the past, then repeating the same answer he had given back then. “An organization is bound to have sacrifices. From the moment a person is born, death approaches. Between life and death, humans are fragile, but one thing can warm the heart, and shine upon our souls. Love — this is my answer.”


Sacrifice was common.


Qing Shu was Gu Yue Bo’s adopted son, and after raising him for so many years, his sacrifice brought great pain to his foster father.


But as clan leader, he had seen far too many sacrifices.


When one understood the nature of life and death, pain and grief became easier to endure.


Fang Zheng lowered his head, keeping silent; it seemed he was thinking.


The clan leader laughed and took a letter from the drawer in his desk. He handed it to Fang Zheng.


“This was written by Qing Shu. It records the things he’s been thinking about for years. Read it if you wish. It contains his answer.”


Undoubtedly, Fang Zheng’s heart yearned to read it.


He opened it on the spot. When he saw the first line, he could not stop his tears.


It was Qing Shu’s familiar handwriting, and the words contained his unique, amicable aura.


The starting paragraph recorded his perplexity and pain.


Next were the situations that had inspired him in the past few years.


As Fang Zheng continued reading, he felt like he was experiencing Qing Shu’s entire life. He followed Qing Shu’s footsteps until he had finished the entire letter.


At the end, this was recorded.


“The clan is like a forest, and the clansmen are like the trees in the forest. The old trees extend their branches and shelter the young from rain and wind. When the young trees grow into large and tall trees, the old trees will turn into nutrients in the soil, fertilizing the land and nurturing new trees. People will always die, and heaven and earth will not remember us. But new trees are proof that the old trees existed. Under this continuous testament, the forest that is the clan becomes larger and spreads further, walking on the path of prosperity and growth.


“People are bound to die. As Gu Masters, we cannot hide from death, and even rank seven and eight Gu Masters can merely live a little longer. I fear death as well. But I understand deeply that one day, eventually, I will die. It might be of old age, illness, or battle. But in that moment, I know that I can leave peacefully with no regrets.


“Lord Foster Father, I think I have found the answer to the question I once asked.”


After seeing the letter, Fang Zheng wept soundlessly.


His mind was full of memories of Qing Shu. When he committed a mistake, Qing Shu comforted him rather than blamed him. When he faced trouble, Qing Shu encouraged him with his eyes. When he was at a loss, Qing Shu’s hand would warmly ruffle his hair.


Gu Yue Bo took the letter and said, “In the future, when you think of the answer, you can also write a letter and tell me. Go, return and have a rest. The danger of the wolf tide is not over, we will need you to contribute your strength as well.”


“No.” Fang Zheng slowly raised his head, clenching his fists.


“What?” Gu Yue Bo asked.


“I’ve found my answer.” Fang Zheng’s tone was filled with indescribable determination. “I want strength! To protect my family and keep them from any harm. I want to protect the clan and strengthen the clan! I want the wolf tide to no longer be able to torture us, I want to see the happiness of joy of my companions! I never want to experience this pain again. I want to use my hands, my body, and my soul to protect those around me!”


Gu Yue Bo was surprised. At that moment, he felt that he saw Qing Shu before him.


Qing Shu, you did not die in vain… Seeing Fang Zheng’s shining eyes, the clan leader sighed emotionally in his heart.


An old tree had fallen, and as it decayed into the soil, a new sprout rapidly began to grow.


•••


Ren Zu was unable to endure his heart of loneliness, so he dug out both eyes, turning them into a son and daughter. This alleviated his sense of loneliness.


But good things did not last, for his children started to crave the scenery of the outside world. They would go out to play, forgetting the time and even forgetting to take care of Ren Zu.


Ren Zu was blind. But at times, he could see a little bit of light.


He was confused, and asked Attitude Gu.


It replied, “Oh, this is the eternal light given out by Faith Gu.”


•••


“Faith?” When he read the passage, Bai Ning Bing laughed and threw the book of ancient legends at the door.


The door suddenly opened, and the book almost struck the person entering in the face.


“Ning Bing, what are you doing?” It was the clan leader.


He frowned and tried to console the young man. “I know you have been depressed, but losing your right arm is nothing. In this world, there are many Gu worms that can heal such an injury.


“In the past, I tried to offer you the protection of the clan elders, but you always rejected it. You even attacked them sometimes. You’ve finally suffered a loss this time, huh?


“But this is a good thing. Since you were young, you’ve had too smooth of a path. As long as you still live, it’s no big deal. Your injuries have been healed, and the wolf tide is getting more ferocious. The clan needs your strength!”


“A bunch of wolf cubs, what can they amount to?” Bai Ning Bing answered nonchalantly, closing his eyes and remaining on the bed.


The clan leader’s face turned serious. “The situation is not looking good, or rather, it is pessimistic. According to our reconnaissance, there are already three Frenzy Lightning Wolf packs moving near the village. Your failure has greatly affected the morale of our clansmen. I hope that you can come out and show yourself tonight. If they see you have recovered, it will motivate them. Do you understand?”


“I get it, I get it. It’s a small matter,” Bai Ning Bing responded, showing impatience.


If any other person behaved like this toward the clan leader, they would be heavily punished, but Bai Ning Bing was different.


The Bai clan leader sighed helplessly as he closed the door and left.


Once he was alone, Bai Ning Bing opened his eyes. There was a deep loneliness and confusion swirling in them.


He did not tell anyone else about the problem with his body and the premonition of death that he was feeling.


He had discovered the name of the Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique from the clan’s ancient records. The information was limited, but they described the Ten Extreme Physiques as the Absolute Death Talents. When the aperture walls reached their limits, the power of the resulting self-detonation would be astonishing.


It was true that the Bai clan leader had raised Bai Ning Bing for many years and was quite lenient with him. However, if the matter of the Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique was exposed, Bai Ning Bing had no doubt that the Bai clan leader would be the first to kill him.


What’s the point of a person being alive?


In the past, when he considered this question, Bai Ning Bing would feel lost. Negative emotions such as boredom, frustration, and anger would boil up within him.


But now, all he felt was peace.


People grew up, not to mention a genius like him.


In the past, he knew that he was going to die, and in his despair he longed to live. He felt a sense of fear towards death deep in his heart.


But now, after he had almost died, he had gotten over it.


He allowed his rank three white silver primeval essence to nurture his aperture. He was no longer worried.


After all, he was no longer afraid of death.


Even though he was still lost about the meaning of living, he knew where the answer was.


It could be found in Fang Yuan’s heart.


This feeling was indescribable; it was like an instinct, but he was sure of it.


Moreover, the Stone Aperture Gu was in Fang Yuan’s hands.


“Fang Yuan…we will meet again,” he muttered softly, his eyes shining with a brilliant light like the glimmer of a diamond.


•••


Stone Aperture Gu… In his rented house, Fang Yuan held the Gu worm in his hands, falling into deep thought.


The Gu was like a gambling die. It was cubic, grayish-white, and extremely sturdy.


It was a Gu that would be consumed upon use, and it would transform one’s aperture walls into sturdy rock walls.


This would completely squeeze all the potential and growth of the aperture dry, allowing the Gu Master to reach peak stage cultivation.


For example, Fang Yuan was now a rank two middle stage, so after using it, he would instantly become rank two peak stage.


But it came with a heavy price. Fang Yuan would no longer have the possibility of advancing to rank three. At the same time, he would lose the ability to naturally regenerate primeval essence, so he would have to rely on primeval stones to replenish it.


The Stone Aperture Gu was for Gu Masters who were at their wits’ end. Sometimes a Gu Master would suffer an injury to their aperture that couldn’t be healed by other means. Other times, a Gu Master might be in an emergency situation where they needed to raise their cultivation quickly to live. In such cases, they would use this Gu.


The cost of refining a Stone Aperture Gu is very high. Since Bai Ning Bing refined it, he probably thought that he could prevent his death by using it. Unfortunately for him, it can only delay the problem. If the Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique were so easily overcome, how could it be called one of the Ten Extreme Physiques?


This Stone Aperture Gu was useless to Fang Yuan, but the Red Steel Relic Gu and Water Shield Gu he had stolen from Bai Ning Bing were very useful.


As for the Gu worms Fang Yuan extracted from the bodies of Man Shi and the other Gu Yue clansmen, they were not outstanding. Once he returned to the village, he had exchanged them for large amounts of merit points.


Because of the wolf tide, all three clans controlled their urge to respond to the aftermath of Qing Shu and Bai Ning Bing’s battle. The three clans needed each other’s power to survive this ordeal first.


Xiong Lin’s report exposed the fact that Fang Yuan possessed the White Jade Gu. For the time being, he dealt with the issue by saying he bought it from the caravan.


