Chapter 145: Sacrifices Are Encouraged


As someone involved in the incident, Fang Yuan had to undergo the clan’s investigation.

But they didn’t look too deeply. The ever growing severity of the wolf tide had attracted almost all the clan’s attention. Fang Yuan’s Earth Communication Ear Grass and Stealth Scales Gu were still concealed, but even if they were exposed, Fang Yuan could just attribute them to the caravan as well.

In any case, communications had already been severed due to the wolf tide and the caravan wouldn’t be coming. Under such circumstances, the clan couldn’t obtain confirmation from the caravan and could only delay the investigation.

By the time they were able to confirm anything, Fang Yuan would have already become rank three and left Qing Mao Mountain.

Of course, if the Four Flavors Liquor Worm and Spring Autumn Cicada were exposed, it would be a completely different matter.

Either of them could cause a huge commotion in the village.

The Four Flavors Liquor Worm represented a whole new refinement recipe and was of great significance. Fang Yuan wouldn’t be able to explain it even if he pushed it onto the caravan and he would be thoroughly investigated by the clan.

And the Spring Autumn Cicada? If it was discovered, the matter of the wolf tide would be cast aside. It was a rank six Gu after all! Even the clan head Gu Yue Bo would immediately dispense with any civilities. Nonsense such as kinship and his position as the clan head would be discarded in an instant. There was no doubt that it would be forcibly seized.

•••

July was a month of scorching hot summer, and the air was full of the iron smell of blood.

The wolf tide was growing more serious and the battles were becoming more intense.

Many had begun to realize that this wolf tide was enormous, of a scale rarely seen in all of the clan’s history.

Bold Lightning Wolf packs had fallen to a supporting role now; thousand beast king Frenzy Lightning Wolf packs had started to roam near the village.

Space suitable for humans to live had shrunk down to an extreme level.

Even Gu Yue Village was affected, not to mention the mortal hamlets at the foot of the mountain.

Nine out of ten houses there were empty. A portion of fortunate mortals were living in Gu Yue Village by utilizing all kinds of connections. But the majority of them could only leave their homes and make an arduous journey to evade the wolf tide.

Their destination was another mountain village. But the wild Gu, lightning wolves, and other fierce beasts that filled the mountains and the wilds between them reduced their hopes to almost nothing.

It was a journey born of desperation.

The Gu Yue Clan could only give up on these mortals. They would all die before they were even halfway to their destination.

Station didn’t matter; both Gu Masters and mortals were struggling to survive. Even the clan elders, who usually held high positions, had no choice but to don their armor and go into battle.

Gu Masters who had retired were forced to re-enlist. When the wolf tide ended, not even a tenth of them would remain.

The cruelty of nature was displayed in all its glory. It was survival of the fittest, trampling warm words and empty platitudes into the dirt.

•••

Fang Yuan sat cross-legged on the bed. His eyes were closed as he looked at his aperture.

Red steel sea waves were surging up and down. It was all dark red, the color of peak stage rank two primeval essence.

Rank two initial stage primeval essence was light red, middle stage was scarlet, upper stage was crimson, and peak stage was dark red.

Many days ago, Fang Yuan had advanced to upper stage. His crimson primeval essence was refined by the Four Flavors Liquor Worm and replenished with primeval stones until his aperture contained only a dark red ocean.

Right now, the aperture walls were no longer a watery membrane that flowed with light, but rather a thick stone membrane formed by light stacked layer by layer.

The White Jade Gu and Stealth Scales Gu lay at the bottom of the red steel sea.

The Four Flavors Liquor Worm was playing around at the surface, but when the Spring Autumn Cicada slowly appeared, it immediately sank down into the depths.

Under the aura of the Spring Autumn Cicada, the surface of the whole primeval sea became as calm and smooth as a mirror, without the slightest wave.

The Spring Autumn Cicada’s condition was improving.

Its wings were completely recovered, resembling a pair of tender leaves. Only the main body was still withered.

Fang Yuan would check on Spring Autumn Cicada every so often; he could clearly sense the recovery speed of Spring Autumn Cicada increasing rapidly.

It was like a dying, bedridden patient before, one who couldn’t even open their mouth to eat and relied on liquid food to survive. Now that they could stand and eat properly to nourish themselves, their recovery speed would naturally become faster.

Besides the Spring Autumn Cicada, there were two new members in Fang Yuan’s aperture.

They were both taken from Bai Ning Bing. One was the Water Shield Gu, which floated in the sea and looked like a jellyfish. The other was the Red Steel Relic Gu.

Fang Yuan had advanced to upper stage using his primeval essence, purified by the Four Flavors Liquor Worm, to nourish his aperture walls over time. He hadn’t yet used the Red Steel Relic Gu.

Just based on cultivation level, Fang Yuan would already be the third highest among rank two Gu Masters of the Gu Yue Clan. Considering that Xiong Li and Qing Shu had died, he was actually top five among the whole of Qing Mao Mountain.

As for Chi Shan and Mo Yan, they were both originally at rank two upper stage but had advanced to peak stage not long ago. Their advancement had improved morale, which had been low ever since Qing Shu’s sacrifice.

Naturally, others besides Fang Yuan were progressing as well.

Chi Shan and Mo Yan had been at upper stage for quite a bit of time, living under the pressure of Qing Shu, who was at peak stage.

The wolf tide had brought everyone close to death, and the intense stimulation gave Gu Masters a deep thirst for power. They squeezed out all their potential and worked to advance their cultivation.

But if we count fighting strength, I am first among all rank two Gu Masters on Qing Mao Mountain. After I use this Red Steel Relic Gu and reach peak stage, combined with my deep experience, I should be able to battle rank three Gu Masters to a certain degree, Fang Yuan calculated.

His low profile and patience had brought him plentiful gains now.

He had gone this far with just C grade aptitude. The whole clan would be shocked if they knew. Even Fang Zheng, A grade talent that he was, was only at rank two middle stage.

Naturally, even if he advanced to peak stage, Fang Yuan couldn’t win against rank three Gu Masters.

Bai Ning Bing was able to surpass rank and kill a rank three Gu Master at rank two because of his Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique. Qing Shu also could do that because he had the Wood Charm Gu, a powerful and special rank three Gu worm.

In actuality, Fang Yuan had a much stronger trump card than they did: the Spring Autumn Cicada.

However, this rank six Gu was very special, and Fang Yuan wouldn’t use it unless he had to. It hadn’t fully recovered, and if he forcefully activated it, it was questionable whether his rebirth would succeed.

The Red Steel Relic Gu was only effective on rank two Gu Masters; there was no value in saving it.

Fang Yuan was just about to use it when there came a knock on the door.

“Lord Fang Yuan, it is me, Jiang Ya,” a voice called out.

Fang Yuan frowned. Jiang Ya was getting more overbearing recently; he would repeatedly look for him to ask for Vitality Leaves.

The number of deaths and injuries were increasing, causing the price of Vitality Leaves to soar, and even for there to be a shortage.

“How many times have I told you that I don’t have more Vitality Leaves? Get lost.” Fang Yuan snorted coldly. How could he give up his cultivation time for mere primeval stones?

Outside the door, Jiang Ya wore a flattering smile. “Lord Fang Yuan, please calm down. You are aware of the current situation, what choice do I have? Many Gu Masters know I sell Vitality Leaves and they all come to me. It is not easy for someone as lowly as me to reject them. How about this, I will pay ten percent more. Lord Fang Yuan, please be kind and give me a dozen Vitality Leaves.”

Near the end of his plea, his voice trembled, and Fang Yuan could hear sobbing from the other side of the door.

Fang Yuan remained indifferent. “That is your affair, what does it have to do with me? Hmph, you’ve been growing bolder recently. You forgot the agreement between us and actually brought someone else.”

“Ah…” Jiang Ya gave a bitter smile outside the door. He looked at the old Gu Master beside him. He had no choice, this Gu Master was very powerful and had stubbornly followed him here.

“Fang Yuan, my friend,” the old Gu Master said, “I am Gu Yue Ye, I believe you have heard of me. I came to purchase some Vitality Leaves and hope you could show me some respect and give a little time to produce some.”

“Give you respect? What worth does your reputation hold?” Fang Yuan sneered. Gu Yue Ye was indeed somewhat famous. He was a retired Gu Master, but had been brought back by the clan due to the wolf tide.

In his prime, he had reached rank three. However, because he was injured, his cultivation had dropped to rank two peak stage, and in his old age, it had further decreased to rank two upper stage.

Although their cultivation was the same, his fighting strength could not be compared to Fang Yuan.

Gu Yue Ye’s face was ashen. He had long heard of the eccentric loner known as Fang Yuan: a lad with a vicious and stubborn temper, arrogant and rude, considering everyone beneath him. He had prepared his heart before he came here, but to think that he had still underestimated the young man.

He wanted to make use of his reputation as usual, but it had no effect on Fang Yuan.

He felt his face burning as his heart filled with anger. He had lost all his honor right now!

This disrespectful son of a bitch! he cursed inwardly, but he didn’t leave.

He needed the Vitality Leaves!

He was an experienced man and deeply knew the importance of Vitality Leaves. A single leaf could mean the difference between life and death.

As one grew old, their courage started to fail them.

Back when he was young, he was hot-blooded and easily excited. He wanted to protect the clansmen, he wanted to change the world, he wanted to become a great hero! In those times, he had the resolve to view death as a return home!

However, right now he was old and much more cool-headed. He had seen through many aspects of life in these years and had reflected on himself.

His heart had grown colder, especially after several of his children had died.

Any organization needed sacrifices.

Resources were limited. Although they were produced all the time, they were also consumed. As such, the total amount was still limited.

Humans needed food, clothes, and lodging to survive; these were resources. Gu Masters needed Gu worms, primeval stones, and food to cultivate; these were also resources.

Becoming strong required even more resources. But if you didn’t sacrifice yourself, then where could I get more resources?

I would rather compromise others than sacrifice my own benefits!

There were no organizations that did not encourage self-sacrifice. However, the higher-ups would never say that. They would instead praise things like “protecting the clan”, “honor”, “love”, “dreams”, and “passion” as a way of encouraging the clansmen to engage in self-sacrifice. In exchange, the clan would offer all kinds of benefits.

However, material benefits were nonsense once you died. What could a dead “great hero” enjoy?

Look at Qing Shu.

He “blissfully” died and was buried in the soil; his name carved in a gravestone as his spirit continued to influence future “heroes”.

