Chapter 146: Oppressive


Jiang Ya observed Gu Yue Ye’s grim face. He secretly felt happy.


This old man had forced Jiang Ya to bring him to this place. Jiang Ya, who was merely rank one, had to lower his head and obey.


But now that he had been humiliated, Jiang Ya felt envy towards Fang Yuan’s unrestrained personality.


Gu Yue Ye wanted to give Fang Yuan a few firm slaps to teach him humility, but for the sake of the Vitality Leaves, he had to control himself. “Junior Fang Yuan, you can’t say that. You are still young and you don’t know the importance of human relationships. There will come a time when you need help from others. Imagine if you came to me in the future and I treated you like this, how would you feel?”


Human relationships? Bullshit! Fang Yuan laughed in disdain in his heart.


This so-called unity was just because they were individually weak.


Human relationships were important on earth. After all, there was no qualitative difference in strength between people. But in this world, where one could cultivate, things were inherently different.


Human relationships were just a byproduct of strength: if one was strong, their relationships would thrive.


But for those who pursued such connections, they were definitely looking to get something out of it.


As for not needing them, if you were sufficiently strong, you could take anything you wanted. You won’t hand it over? Then die. Why would you need relationships?


These were the philosophies of the demonic path. Fang Yuan would naturally avoid speaking them aloud.


But since he had already been disturbed, he decided he might as well do some business.


“It’s not impossible to sell you some. One Vitality Leaf for sixty-eight primeval stones. How many do you want?”


“Huh?!” Still standing outside the door, Gu Yue Ye spluttered in shock. “Junior Fang Yuan, that’s too much!”


Fang Yuan snorted. “Then don’t buy it. Among the resources provided by the clan, there are also Vitality Leaves. You can just buy them with merit points.”


Gu Yue Ye laughed bitterly. “How would I not know that? Those Vitality Leaves are all sold to those with connections. The Medicine Hall Elder Yao Ji has complete control over them, how can I get involved? Junior Fang Yuan, please do me a favor, I will definitely repay you. From what I see, sixty primeval stones is a fair price.”


“I don’t deal in favors. You’ve wasted enough of my time. Seventy primeval stones, and if you don’t want to buy them, leave.” Fang Yuan responded.


Gu Yue Ye stomped the ground in fury. “Junior Fang Yuan, how can you do business like this?!”


Fang Yuan snickered. “Times have changed, it’s seventy-two primeval stones now. Every word you speak wastes more of my time, and when I feel unhappy, I’ll raise the price. I hope you can make the right decision.”


Gu Yue Ye clenched his jaw in rage. He wanted to say something, but every time he opened his mouth, no words came out.


His haggard face was flushed with anger. Jiang Ya, who was still standing beside him, was cheering internally.


Finally, he gritted his teeth and said, “Okay, I’ll buy them. I need five Vitality Leaves.”


“You can hand the primeval stones to Jiang Ya. As for the Vitality Leaves, collect them from him three days later,” Fang Yuan replied.


This was adding insult to injury. Trading money for goods directly was the most basic level of fairness.


But Gu Yue Ye still paid, handing multiple bags to Jiang Ya on the spot.


His hands were slightly trembling, for these were his meager savings, scrimped together over many years, and now they were being taken by a shrewd merchant!


In the end, he walked away from the bamboo building with a bottomless feeling of indignation.


“Lord Fang Yuan, that was magnificent! But I’m afraid you have completely offended Gu Yue Ye. When he was young, he always took revenge for such things, he won’t let go of this easily,” Jiang Ya said carefully.


“Let him be. An old man like him who relies on his seniority is bound to be eliminated.” Fang Yuan opened the door, and Jiang Ya handed him the bags.


The clan wanted to resist the wolf tide, which required many resources. Without enough resources, they wouldn’t be able to maintain such a large organization, thus they would need to thin the herd.


Old, washed-up Gu Masters like Gu Yue Ye were wasting these precious resources, so they were destined to go.


The wolf packs expelled the old and sickly among them, resulting in the crippled wolf packs that had been a prelude to this wolf tide. Human society would pretend to be kinder: they called the old and weak out to fight.


Even if Gu Yue Ye understood that, it didn’t matter.


As a person in the system, he had no choice.


The clan called on him to fight and sacrifice for the sake of the family, so how could he refuse?


On Earth, there was a saying: if the Emperor wanted his subjects to die, they could not do otherwise. But even so, countless people fought to be the Emperor’s subjects. This was the allure and cruelty of the system.


“In past wolf tides, how many of those old Gu Masters who came out of retirement survived? Forget five Vitality Leaves, even if we give him fifty, he still might not make it out alive,” Fang Yuan said as he stood at the door, laughing coldly.


Jiang Ya felt a chill at those words.


It seemed as though Fang Yuan was the north wind, and the cold and frost of it buffeted him until he couldn’t raise his head.


Fang Yuan looked at Jiang Ya with his deep, dark eyes. “From now on, other than our usual meetings, you cannot look for me! If you break my rules, be prepared to face the consequences. I’m letting you sell Vitality Leaves for me on account of your brother, but respect is given by others and thrown away by oneself. Think over your own actions.”


Jiang Ya did not dare to respond. He thought of Gu Yue Ye’s sad state and cold sweat broke out on his forehead.


“Also, from now on, raise the price of the Vitality Leaves to seventy primeval stones,” Fang Yuan added.


“Seventy?!” Jiang Ya was shocked. He gulped, his eyes shining, as if he could see an endless mountain of primeval stones.


But he was also rather afraid, and asked meekly, “Lord Fang Yuan, if we raise prices like this, won’t others think that we’re making a fortune through misfortune? Wouldn’t they think that we are taking advantage of our fellow clansmen? If we do this, we might incur public outrage.”


“Public outrage? Hmph, what can they do? Just do what I say. If someone bothers you about it, tell them I’m the one who set the prices,” Fang Yuan snorted.


“Yes, yes, yes.” Jiang Ya nodded furiously. Fang Yuan’s words were what he wanted to hear.


He was just a rank one small fry, he couldn’t offend too many people. He had already started throwing such problems towards Fang Yuan.


Even small fries had their ways to survive. Fang Yuan understood Jiang Ya’s thoughts.


But due to the disparity in their cultivation and experience, Fang Yuan could live differently.


After using that Red Steel Relic Gu, he would be rank two peak stage, almost rank three. It was a turning point, and with that strength, his life and future would be different.


In the past, he’d needed to lay low, but now he needed to be oppressive.


Only when he was oppressive could he obtain the most benefits.


As for Jiang Ya, he still had some value. Even if he did some petty things, as long as it didn’t infringe on Fang Yuan’s benefits, he could tolerate it.


Even revealing some unimportant trump cards was not a big deal.


During peacetime, the higher-ups had nothing to do, so they would make trouble over such things. But now that there was a wolf tide, who had the energy to care about such minute details?


After the wolf tide, it was not guaranteed that Gu Yue Village would still exist.


•••


Half a month later.


Lightning wolves were attacking like tidal waves, causing the Gu Masters to retreat in a hurry.


“Yuan Zhen, you must hang in there! Gu Yue Village is not too far away,” Xiong Jiao Man shouted, her eyes red as she stared at her fellow clansman on the ground.


“Big sis, I think this is the end for me. I have something to tell you…” Xiong Yuan Zhen was dying. His injuries were too severe and his face was pale as wax.


“Okay, then say it!” Xiong Jiao Man sobbed. She knew in her heart that although he was normally taciturn, he was secretly in love with her. At that moment, she knew what he wanted to say.


But when Xiong Yuan Zhen opened his mouth, he did not manage to confess.


He had died of blood loss, his injuries too severe to heal.


His body was covered in wounds from the bites of the lightning wolves. The worst of it was a huge gash from his right shoulder to his belly button, caused by a Bold Lightning Wolf.


“Big sis, the situation is bad, another Bold Lightning Wolf pack came!” the recon Gu Master shouted, his voice filled with panic.


Xiong Jiao Man stopped crying as she placed Xiong Yuan Zhen’s body down. She was the group captain, her teammates needed her!


The dead had passed on, and those who lived had to continue facing the cruelty of this world.


“These goddamned wolves, is there an end to them?!” Xiong Jiao Man cursed fiercely. She was shapely and had a lovely face, so when she swore in anger, it had a unique appeal.


At her words, the rest of the group couldn’t help but relax a bit.


As she continued swearing, she observed the situation.


The recon Gu Master’s report made her slightly distressed. They could kill a single Bold Lightning Wolf pack and fight their way out of two packs, but against four of them, the wisest decision was to retreat to the valley behind them, use a Signal Gu, and hope for reinforcements.


“Retreat to the valley!” Xiong Jiao Man shouted as she commanded both her giant bears to protect their escape.


She had carefully raised these two bears herself. One was brown and one was black, and their fur was smooth and glossy, but right now they were covered in injuries.


By the time Xiong Jiao Man and the others successfully retreated to the valley, only one bear remained. The black one had been engulfed by the wolf pack after killing dozens of foes before it was too exhausted to continue.


A Gu worm shot out from the bear’s corpse, returning to Xiong Jiao Man’s hand in an instant.


It was a Bear Enslavement Gu.


It could be planted in a bear, allowing a Gu Master to control them.


Of course, it could only be an ordinary bear, for the Bear Enslavement Gu was rank two — it couldn’t enslave a hundred beast king.


If it could, it would be quite powerful, because even the weakest bear king would rule at least a hundred bears. And if a Gu Master enslaved their leader, the beast group it reigned over would obey them as well.


“Now we hold out for reinforcements. Hopefully they can get here soon!” Xiong Jiao Man panted and sighed.


They had retreated to the valley, so the area they had to defend and the pressure from the wolf packs had greatly decreased. But it also meant that they had no way out, and the blood and continuous battle would attract yet more wolves.


The crisis was not resolved.


“Hey.” At that moment, a voice came from the cliff above them.


Everyone raised their heads to look, and saw that there was a young man.


“It’s him…”


“Gu Yue Fang Yuan!”


The seven Xiong clan Gu Masters were at first invigorated, but then showed complicated expressions.


