Chapter 1462: Lang Ya Missions


On Dang Hun mountain, there were guts Gu everywhere.


Fang Yuan picked them along the way as he strengthened his soul.


His soul foundation started to increase, after a while, from one million man soul, it rose to five million man soul level.


Fang Yuan felt an extremely bloated feeling, like he was going to burst.


Fang Yuan knew he was at his limit, he left Dang Hun Mountain and came to Luo Po Valley.


After some cultivation, his soul was refined like tempered steel, it became purer and more condensed.


After this, his soul foundation stabilized at one million five hundred thousand man soul.


“After million man soul, each cultivation session raises it by five hundred thousand man soul?”


“Including the time needed to rest my soul, and the production of guts Gu, I need half a year to reach ten million man soul.”


Fang Yuan estimated and frowned.


This was too slow for him.




Ten years, after ten years, Heavenly Court would completely repair fate Immortal Gu. By then, Heavenly Court would have the absolute advantage, Fang Yuan and Shadow Sect would have no hope.


He needed half a year out of ten years to reach ten million man soul, there was also hundred million man soul and higher levels after that.


Fang Yuan was not satisfied with the speed.


“If I can increase the production of guts Gu, I could increase my cultivation speed even further.”


The production of guts Gu was limiting his soul foundation growth.


Dang Hun Mountain was undoubtedly his money tree, but it needed good quality souls to produce more guts Gu endlessly.


According to the agreement back then, a portion of these guts Gu belonged to Lang Ya Sect, Lang Ya land spirit had to sell them for profits, with a portion of the revenue going to Fang Yuan.


Right now, Fang Yuan was using a portion of the guts Gu to cultivate his soul path. It caused his revenue to fall sharply in this business.


But thankfully, the year Gu business earlier earned him a lot, Fang Yuan had a lot of funds left now.


Fang Yuan assessed it, it was not wise to negotiate with Lang Ya land spirit now to increase his portion of the guts Gu production. Because he needed Lang Ya Sect now, be it staying inside Lang Ya blessed land to develop or using them to refine Gu.




In the batch of Immortal Gu refinement earlier, the three Immortal Gu were extremely useful to Fang Yuan, they were now at the second batch of Gu refinement, focusing on mortal Gu like the white lotus giant silkworm Gu, and two Immortal Gu. One was Heavenly Secret, it was created by Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable, and was obtained by Old Man Yan Shi, he created an immortal killer move with it, known as exposing heavenly secret.


This move had a mystical effect, it could predict the contents of the following calamity or tribulation!


If Lang Ya Sect could refine heavenly secret Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan would be able to use exposing heavenly secret, it would help him in undergoing tribulations tremendously.


“However… placing a mission for Lang Ya Sect to refine Immortal Gu has been depleting my sect contribution points, I need to check this!”


Thus, after the soul cultivation ended, Fang Yuan used his information path mortal Gu to check Lang Ya Sect’s missions.


Undoubtedly, the current Lang Ya land spirit was far more suited for managing Lang Ya Sect than the previous land spirit.


Under his management, the entire sect was excavating its potential fully, they were bursting with life.


At this moment, Lang Ya Sect had many missions, most of them were the Gu refinement missions that Fang Yuan handed out. Below that, the one of great importance was the exploration of Tai Qiu.


Ever since Lang Ya Sect created the teleportation formation, it had been exploring Tai Qiu and excavating the natural resources within.


This was the main development route that Lang Ya Sect was taking.


But Tai Qiu was a dangerous place, ordinary Gu Immortals did not want to enter it, even though there were abundant resources, fierce beasts and dangerous plants grew inside. And the problem was, Lang Ya Sect’s Gu Immortals were skilled at refinement but weak at fighting.


Even though they had been raising their strength recently, there were few who could fight.


Thus, when they encountered overly strong beasts or plants, these hairy man Gu Immortals would be in trouble. The exploration of Tai Qiu was unsuccessful.


Seeing these missions, countless thoughts moved about in Fang Yuan’s mind rapidly.


In a few breaths of time, he chose over a dozen missions with the highest returns.


At the next moment, he accepted all of these missions.


“First supreme elder.” Fang Yuan communicated with Lang Ya land spirit using the information path mortal Gu.


Lang Ya land spirit learned of Fang Yuan’s actions as he said in joy: “Fang Yuan, with your strength, these missions will be extremely easy!”


But Fang Yuan shook his head: “This is what I wanted to discuss with you. I want to send my subordinates to deal with these missions for me. This does not go against Lang Ya Sect’s rules, right?”


Lang Ya land spirit was slightly dazed, he did not think of this when he created the sect rules.


Speaking of which, this was not a loophole. Why couldn’t the Gu Immortal who accepted the mission be allowed to get help?


Lang Ya land spirit replied to Fang Yuan: “Then you need to ensure that these subordinates will not harm Lang Ya Sect!”


Fang Yuan smiled: “Of course.”


After communicating with Lang Ya land spirit, Fang Yuan started to dispatch the members of Shadow Sect.


Hei Lou Lan, Ying Wu Xie, Fairy Miao Yin, and Lady White Rabbit, it was a waste to let them idle around. Now, they could be fully utilized.


Eventually, even Bai Ning Bing joined in.


Because from her perspective, she allied with Fang Yuan to regain her male body, she needed to refine immortal level yin yang rotation Gu.


But when she realized that Fang Yuan was relying on Lang Ya Sect to refine Gu, she turned her attention to Lang Ya Sect.


Regretfully, Lang Ya Sect did not trust the outsider Bai Ning Bing. Fang Yuan also secretly disrupted their communication, causing Bai Ning Bing to be forced to rely on him.


She was Fang Yuan’s ally, he had no rights to order her, but why would Fang Yuan waste her battle strength?


Under Fang Yuan’s special negotiation, Bai Ning Bing believed Fang Yuan: As long as she killed more beasts and plants, she would obtain the sect contribution points that Fang Yuan was getting for them, he would use them to place a sect mission to refine yin yang rotation Immortal Gu.


Several days later.


Sovereign immortal aperture, Mini Northern Plains.


Large pieces of round snowflakes were descending from the sky.


This special snowflake was pure white with the size of an adult’s palm.


This was rank six immortal material dancing snow, it was formed naturally, and would not melt as long as the temperature was kept at a certain level. It would always stay afloat, even if it landed to the ground, it would fly upwards instead.


Fang Yuan inspected and saw no problems, he thought: “These days, I finally finished arranging the snowmen’s betrothal gift, this project has been completed.”


The snowmen wanted to have a marriage connection with Fang Yuan, Xue Er would not come empty-handed of course.


She brought a gift.


The main portion was the snow lotus essence. This was a specialty immortal material of the snowmen, it was rare in treasure yellow heaven, Fang Yuan obtained quite a bit of it as he stored it in Mini Northern Plains.


The second highest quantity was the dancing snow. It was coincidentally a rank six wisdom path Immortal Gu’s food, Fang Yuan could feed it four to five times with this batch.


The difficulty of feeding rank six Immortal Gu was very different from feeding rank eight Immortal Gu.


This was a small surprise, Fang Yuan did not need to waste his effort going to treasure yellow heaven to purchase dancing snow.


Other than that, there were some resources that were not so useful. Fang Yuan sold some and kept some, he perfectly utilized them.


“This is too little, if I can get more resources, my immortal aperture’s development will be even faster.”


“Since the snowmen want a marriage connection with me, just these gifts are insufficient.”


Fang Yuan sneered inside.


He accepted all of the gifts but did not respond directly to the snowmen’s request for a marriage connection.


When the guts Gu accumulated to a certain scale, Fang Yuan started his soul path cultivation again.


Day after day, he immersed himself in cultivation. His soul foundation was growing at a rapid rate, other than soul path, he even used the light of wisdom to modify killer moves.


He had a great number of killer moves, they involved almost all paths. He needed to modify the useful killer moves from within them so that he could use them with his available Immortal Gu. This would greatly increase his methods and battle strength!


Fang Yuan was deep in cultivation, while Shadow Sect’s members were exploring Tai Qiu and fighting. Sixth Hair and Lang Ya land spirit were refining Immortal Gu for Fang Yuan, almost everyone was busy with their goals, but Xue Er became the most anxious one now.


This beauty of the snowman tribe had an important mission from the snowmen, but Fang Yuan took the gifts without even seeing her. She was left hanging here without any attention given.


Xue Er had asked to meet Fang Yuan several times, but she was only a rank six Gu Immortal while Fang Yuan had rank eight battle strength, the two of them were too different in strength, and because he was in Lang Ya blessed land, Fang Yuan rejected her each time.


This way, Xue Er could not meet him, she felt extremely dispirited, the worry and anger on her face became deeper each day.


On this day, the snowmen sent her a letter to rush her again, but Xue Er had hope now.


Because the snowman tribe saw that Xue Er was making no progress, they discussed among themselves.


They came to a consensus: Since Fang Yuan accepted the gifts, he wanted the marriage connection. But why did he not meet Xue Er, it was because the gifts were not enough for his high status.


Thus, the snowmen gathered some more gifts and sent it along with the letter to Xue Er.


“What is this?”


“I am the pride of the snowmen, my beauty is renowned. This time, I requested for a marriage connection and even brought sufficient gifts. But it was not enough to meet him even once!”


With heavy emotions, Xue Er requested to meet Fang Yuan.


Fang Yuan finally met her.


But what he said to her was something out of her expectations.




