Chapter 1463: Testing Xue Er


Fang Yuan looked down towards Xue Er.


She was young and beautiful, she was tall and vibrant, she had blue eyes and hair, she had the icy trait of her variant human race.


Her tender skin and plump chest would make countless men pay attention towards her.


She was undoubtedly the number one beauty of the snowman tribe.


But Fang Yuan was unmoved by her beauty. Not just that, he even found trouble with her: “This is the sincerity of the snowmen?”


Xue Er could not understand what Fang Yuan meant, she quickly said: “Lord Fang Yuan, please do not misunderstand.”


“Such a small gift and you want to have a marriage connection with me? Your tribe is dreaming if they think it is so easy to gain help equivalent to that of a rank eight.” Fang Yuan sneered.


Xue Er was dazed.


Fang Yuan spoke so plainly she could not accept it.


She also felt some shame and anger in her heart.


She was the cream of her generation, the publicly recognized number one beauty, she was bringing gifts to request for a marriage connection, she was lowering her head and status.




To think that Fang Yuan was so prideful and looked down on her, he was also extremely greedy, thinking that the snowmen gift was insincere.


How could it be little?


The gift was very precious, the snowman tribe had picked all of it from their inventory specially for Fang Yuan.


Originally, Xue Er had a good impression of Fang Yuan. After all, he had incredible talent and had rank eight battle strength, it was an achievement that not many could attain. But now, her impression of him became rock bottom.


With her temper, she would have left long ago. But now, it was not about her alone, she was tasked by her tribe for this important mission.


Xue Er breathed in deeply, asking: “Lord Fang Yuan, you have already taken two sets of gifts, I am sure you agree to our marriage connection. If you are unhappy with the gifts, you can give us your requests. I will bring them back for our elders to discuss.”


Fang Yuan had prepared the list long ago, an information path mortal Gu flew out of him and went to Xue Er.


“This?!” Xue Er took a look and her eyes popped out.


Fang Yuan’s greed was too shocking.


But even when she was shocked, she was very beautiful, her eyes were wide open, even though she lost a portion of her coolness, she became quite cute.




“Not just this list.” Fang Yuan added.


“You have other requests?” Xue Er had an unsightly expression as she held down her anger.


But Fang Yuan was confident and unabashed. He spoke matter of factly: “If your tribe can meet my requirements, that would be enough. But you yourself have not expressed enough sincerity.”


“My sincerity?”


Fang Yuan raised his head as he smiled: “Not just anyone can become my wife, Fang Yuan’s wife. Even though the snowmen recommended you, your qualifications will depend on my test.”


“Test?” Xue Er gritted her teeth: “Please explain to me, Lord Fang Yuan.”


Fang Yuan said: “Go to Tai Qiu and collect souls for me. When you leave, someone will arrange it for you.”


Xue Er felt anguished, how could a genius like her be treated in such a cold manner?


But due to the mission from her sect, she had to nod and agree.


Seeing Xue Er leave, Fang Yuan pondered deeply.


With this arrangement, he could make use of Xue Er’s battle strength, there would be another person helping him cultivate faster.


But that was not important.


He was actually trying to probe them.


Accepting the second gift while expressing his displeasure and wanting to test Xue Er, he showed his pride fully, this was to test the bottom line of the snowmen.


Since they wanted a marriage connection, how much determination did they have?


Or rather, the higher their determination, the more benefits Fang Yuan could squeeze out from them.


Fang Yuan was not anxious.


A marriage connection could not be decided in such a short time. Both sides were not familiar with each other yet, even though Fang Yuan was probing them, the snowmen were also probing Fang Yuan.


But Fang Yuan was sure that there were benefits to be gained here!


The marriage connection was not the main thing.


Fang Yuan quickly set it aside and placed his attention on his cultivation.


Soul cultivation was one aspect, managing his immortal aperture was another, other than that, Fang Yuan also used the light of wisdom to modify his killer moves.


Fang Yuan’s strongest method was undoubtedly immortal killer move reverse flow protection seal, but he was not modifying that now.


Even though this move was not safe against Heavenly Court now, Fang Yuan was in no immediate danger. Not only was he in Northern Plains, he was also inside Lang Ya blessed land, he had the concealment of ghost soldier garment, Heavenly Court could not find him in the meantime.


And there was another reason, modifying reverse flow protection seal would take too much time, it was too slow.


Fang Yuan thought about it and decided to modify Purple Mountain True Monarch’s wisdom path killer moves.


Why did he choose those?


Firstly, these killer moves were very powerful and exceptional. Secondly, Fang Yuan had grandmaster wisdom path attainment level, he was qualified to modify them. Finally, Fang Yuan had a batch of wisdom path Immortal Gu with him, they were left behind by Purple Mountain True Monarch.


Purple blood river formation, purple thought light shield, ignited thought flying rock, single thought flower blossom, purple thought perception starlight, directional confusion fog, thought body defense, single thought myriad flow elimination, and others, when Purple Mountain True Monarch was not in his peak condition, he used these methods to face Duke Long.


Who was Duke Long?


He was the master of Red Lotus, he had a huge background and unparalleled battle strength, he was at the peak of rank eight!


When Fang Yuan was modifying his killer moves, Ying Wu Xie approached Xue Er.


“You are Xue Er?” Ying Wu Xie asked.


Xue Er saw that Ying Wu Xie was smaller in stature than her, resembling a young girl. He had pale snow-like skin,he was wearing a flowery green dress, there were two pearl earrings hanging on his ears, as if water was inside the pearls, there were green ripples inside when they shook.


Ying Wu Xie was in Fairy Cui Bo’s body, he was very enchanting. If not so, Thousand Transformations Ancestor would not have made her his third concubine and adored her deeply.


“Who is this beautiful immortal? What relationship does she have with Fang Yuan? This is not in our tribe’s information, and she is a rank seven Gu Immortal.” Xue Er had lots of suspicions, but she smiled: “I am Xue Er, beautiful sister, may I know what your name is?”


Ying Wu Xie frowned.


He was initially very excited about using Fairy Cui Bo’s body. But after a while, he felt like it was getting very uncomfortable.


Not long ago, he requested to Fang Yuan to change this body, even if he changed to a rank six body, it was fine as long as he could cultivate soul path.


“Don’t call me sister, you can call me brother Wu Xie.” Ying Wu Xie waved his hand: “Let’s go, I will bring you to Tai Qiu and meet up with them. This is sect leader’s test to you, we will see who obtains higher quality souls in the same period of time.”


“Yes.” Xue Er quickly answered, but she had many questions in her.


She walked at the back as she stared at Ying Wu Xie, thinking: “This female immortal is so weird, she wants me to call her brother?”


The two left Lang Ya blessed land and reached Tai Qiu using the teleportation Gu formation.


Once they entered Tai Qiu, Xue Er felt nervous, after all, this was a famous place in Northern Plains for its danger level.


At the same time, she felt uneasy towards the test, she only had rank six cultivation level and her investigative methods were her forte.


“Come with me, quick quick quick!”


“Time is very precious, we need to treasure every moment and use it to cultivate.”


“We need to continue working hard, that is the true meaning of life.”


Ying Wu Xie continued to nag at Xue Er, he was very determined. This was the effect of immortal killer move soaring fighting spirit.


Xue Er felt that Ying Wu Xie was really weird, she was so beautiful, but she acted like a rash lad, it was unimaginable.


“But are we too careless by flying like this?” Xue Er was worried, this was Tai Qiu, fierce beasts roamed everywhere, danger was everywhere. Flying around openly like this made them open targets.


While flying, Xue Er felt very nervous, she was afraid of a fierce beast assaulting her out of nowhere.


But after flying for a while, her worry did not become real.


In fact, her worry was fading, she felt deeply shocked internally.


“The area around the teleportation formation has been cleared by Lang Ya Sect and is in their control. They have actually explored Tai Qiu to this extent!”


“It seems that Lang Ya Sect’s strength surpasses my tribe’s estimations.” Xue Er immediately sent this information back to the snowmen.


“Oh? There are a group of dragon-elephants.” Suddenly, Xue Er said.


Ying Wu Xie who was traveling with her looked with surprise, he thought that this woman had some of her own worth.


Ying Wu Xie’s methods only found those dragon-elephants a few breaths of time after Xue Er.


Shadow Sect’s investigative methods were naturally superior to Xue Er’s, but in Ying Wu Xie’s current body, those methods were restricted.


“These dragon-elephants are needed by sect leader, let’s capture them.” Ying Wu Xie changed his flying direction.


Xue Er was not surprised, because she had looked at Fang Yuan’s list, there were dragon-elephants listed on it.


This group of dragon-elephants was quite ordinary, there were only two or three desolate level dragon-elephants.


Ying Wu Xie quickly landed as he used his soul path immortal killer move.


His soul howl reverberated among the dragon-elephant group as they all fainted and fell unconscious.


“An impressive technique.” Xue Er was slightly shocked, but a new question arose within: “She has water path aura, why is she using a soul path method?”


Ying Wu Xie was most skilled in lead soul into dream, but the Gu worms to construct this move were kept by Fang Yuan.


Only a few soul path Immortal Gu were left for Ying Wu Xie. Thus, his main methods were soul path.


Ying Wu Xie kept these dragon-elephants in his immortal aperture as he continued on the journey with Xue Er.


A moment later, they met with Hei Lou Lan.


“Another great beauty!” Xue Er first frowned before her brows relaxed.


She observed secretly: “Compared to Wu Xie, this person only has rank six cultivation level, she is the same as me.”


Xue Er let out a sigh of relief inside.




