Chapter 1464: No Wonder Fang Yuan Thinks Little of Me


Xue Er was a talented descendant of the snowman tribe, she was a genius, but the snowman tribe undoubtedly had little resources.


Xue Er was able to become rank six at such an age, it was quite incredible. But after meeting with Ying Wu Xie, she could not match this rank seven, although she showed nothing on the surface, she felt great pressure in her heart.


Now that she saw a rank six immortal, her heavy heart became slightly lighter.


“Hi, you can call me Xue Er.” Xue Er first introduced herself, she felt that she should be friendly to the people under Fang Yuan, to create a good relationship with them.


“Hello, you can call me Lou Lan.” Hei Lou Lan smiled, her gaze flickered as she assessed Xue Er subtly.


She thought: “Snowman Gu Immortal? Why did she approach us? Fang Yuan… what is he thinking?”


The snowmen wanted a marriage connection with Fang Yuan, he did not inform anyone other than Ying Wu Xie. Thus, Hei Lou Lan only knew that Fang Yuan wanted the Shadow Sect immortals to take Xue Er along and work together in the meantime to explore Tai Qiu.


“Alright, now that you’ve done the introductions, let’s leave first.” Ying Wu Xie said.


He took out an information path Gu worm and used his method to learn about Fairy Miao Yin’s and Lady White Rabbit’s location.


“Hei Lou Lan, go ahead with your work, I will bring Xue Er to the others.”


Seeing the two of them leave, Hei Lou Lan had a thought.




Her instincts told her that Xue Er joined them very suddenly and mysteriously, her goal was not simple.


Hei Lou Lan was an ambitious person, even though she was under the alliance agreement and lost her freedom, she had been wanting to break free of Fang Yuan’s control all along.


Who would not want freedom?


“Wait, I’ll go with you. I am in charge of finding the sharp tusk boars, but I can’t find any. I will ask Miao Yin to help me find them.” Hei Lou Lan said as she flew towards them.


Xue Er was very happy, she wanted to get closer to Hei Lou Lan.


Hei Lou Lan also wanted to probe information from her, she acted very warmly and kindly.


Thus, with Ying Wu Xie at the lead, Xue Er and Hei Lou Lan traveled together behind him.


“Elder sister Lou Lan, I am very happy to meet you.” Not long later, Xue Er addressed Hei Lou Lan as elder sister, placing herself at a lower status.


“This dumb woman…” Hei Lou Lan snorted in her heart.


She was once the victor of the imperial court contest, she had a deep hatred and lived with difficulty under her father’s shadow, she was skilled at scheming. Compared to her, Xue Er lived peacefully in the snowman tribe, due to her past, she was quite innocent in nature.




Hei Lou Lan soon found that Xue Er wanted to know about the Shadow Sect immortals desperately.


She made use of Xue Er’s intention, she exposed some useful information while probing her.


Xue Er was guarded of course, but she could not match Hei Lou Lan’s scheming, just as she was about to expose herself, Ying Wu Xie interjected: “Isn’t that a sharp tusk boar? Hei Lou Lan, you are very lucky, you will not need to owe Miao Yin a favor now.”


Following Ying Wu Xie’s direction, Xue Er indeed saw an ancient desolate beast.


It was huge and had bulky muscles, it was lying on the ground as it slept, it had a powerful aura.


Xue Er’s heart jumped, with her battle strength, she was not the sharp tusk boar’s match.


Hei Lou Lan was interrupted, she felt angry but she could not retort to Ying Wu Xie, she snorted and flew towards the sharp tusk boar.


“Sister Lou Lan, be careful.” Xue Er said in concern, she praised in her heart, this sister Lou Lan that she had just met was really courageous. But with her rank six cultivation level, how could she deal with the sharp tusk boar? She had to rely on this Fairy Cui Bo after all.


But the following scene made Xue Er completely stunned.


Hei Lou Lan was even fiercer than the sharp tusk boar, when she fought, her aura changed instantly, she was blazing in flames, her heaven blazing flames were terrifyingly powerful.


“Rank six Immortal Gu, rank seven Immortal Gu… so many Immortal Gu!” Xue Er watched the battle and her eyelids twitched, she saw how rich Hei Lou Lan was.


Hei Lou Lan had obtained Blazing Heaven Demoness’ inheritance and Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan did not take them since he had enough Immortal Gu, leaving them for Hei Lou Lan would allow her to fight effectively and obtain more souls.


Under Hei Lou Lan’s terrifying attacks, the sharp tusk boar was first furious before going into a frenzy and escaping after losing.


Xue Er was very shocked.


Hei Lou Lan exploded with battle strength that was on par with rank seven experts, it was out of Xue Er’s expectations.


“Sister Lou Lan is so strong! Her immortal killer moves are so powerful and overwhelming.”


“But she clearly has strength path aura, why is she using fire path methods?”


Mixed in with her shock was suspicion.


Xue Er did not understand!


Fairy Cui Bo had water path aura, but she used soul path methods. And now this Hei Lou Lan was a strength path Gu Immortal but used fire path instead!


“Alright, let’s continue.” A moment later, Hei Lou Lan collected the sharp tusk boar corpse, including its ancient desolate soul as well.


“Sister Lou Lan, you are amazing!” Xue Er looked at Hei Lou Lan with an incredulous gaze.


Hei Lou Lan shook her head: “This is nothing.”


“No, no, you are really amazing. You have rank six Gu Immortal cultivation level but rank seven battle strength. This is not achievable by normal Gu Immortals.” Xue Er waved her hands.


Hei Lou Lan smiled bitterly: “This is really nothing, in Shadow Sect, I am very ordinary.”


Xue Er heard Hei Lou Lan’s reply and her heart jumped.


Hei Lou Lan: “When you see them, you will understand. Let’s go.”


Hei Lou Lan had completed her mission, but she did not return directly, she decided to find the other Shadow Sect Gu Immortals with Xue Er.


A while later, they successfully met up with Fairy Miao Yin and Lady White Rabbit.


Lady White Rabbit had rank six cultivation level normally, she did not have Hei Lou Lan’s battle strength, it was dangerous for her to explore Tai Qiu alone.


Thus, Fang Yuan let her and Fairy Miao Yin work together.


Of course, when she became Black Tigress, her cultivation level and battle strength would rise to rank seven. However, her Black Tigress state was unstable and could not last long, it had its drawbacks.


“Hello Xue Er.” Fairy Miao Yin smiled kindly.


“You are a snowman Gu Immortal? This is the first time I am… seeing one.” Lady White Rabbit said faintly.


“What situation is this?” Xue Er was suspicious and depressed.


Fairy Miao Yin was a publicly recognized fairy in Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world. She had a beautiful body and alluring face, she wore a pinkish-red dress and looked extremely enchanting.


As for Lady White Rabbit, she had pale white skin and huge innocent eyes, she was completely pure. Her aura was different from Fairy Miao Yin, even at first glance, Xue Er felt that she was very cute, she had a feeling of adoration and trust towards her.


Xue Er analyzed closely.


She found that Fairy Miao Yin had rank seven cultivation level while Lady White Rabbit had rank six, similar to her.


But after the matter of Hei Lou Lan, Xue Er no longer dared to look at Lady White Rabbit as an ordinary rank six Gu Immortal.


The Gu Immortals conversed for a while, everyone was very kind and warm to Xue Er, but they were naturally curious about her.


Xue Er was very tight-lipped.


It was not that she became scheming, but because there were many people who were all beauties, Xue Er felt incredibly pressured.


Why was she here?


To have a marriage connection with Fang Yuan.


Now, she had to proclaim herself as Fang Yuan’s future wife in front of so many people, wasn’t that just provoking them? Wasn’t she too shameless?


At the same time, a question pressed down on Xue Er like a mountain.


“What relationship do these female immortals have with Fang Yuan?”


Actually, Fang Yuan had a clear and simple relationship with them.


But Xue Er was an outsider, she could not help but assume wrong things the first time she met them.


This was not strange.


It was normal mentality.


“Alright, you have already met us Shadow Sect Gu Immortals. Other than us, there is one final person, a special one.” Ying Wu Xie said.


“Special?” Xue Er’s heart tensed.


She wanted to ask: “Special as in the relationship they have with Fang Yuan? Are they a male or a female?”


But Xue Er did not ask directly, as Ying Wu Xie continued to speak.


“This person is Bai Ning Bing, she is not a member of Shadow Sect, but she is our ally, we have fought together, even though she only has rank six cultivation level… among us, she has the highest battle strength.”


Ying Wu Xie hesitated a little at the final sentence.


But the other Gu Immortals said nothing about it.


Hei Lou Lan’s battle strength was weaker than Bai Ning Bing. After all, Great Strength True Martial Physique was incompatible with a fire path inheritance.


Fairy Miao Yin’s battle strength was about the same as Hei Lou Lan.


Lady White Rabbit could be disregarded, as for after becoming Black Tigress, she would be vicious but lacking in methods.


Originally, Ying Wu Xie had the highest battle strength, but his reliance was on lead soul into dream, whose Immortal Gu have been taken by Fang Yuan.


Thus, Bai Ning Bing, who inherited Bai Xiang’s true inheritance and had the Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique, was the strongest among them.


“Even stronger than sister Lou Lan?” Xue Er could not believe it.


Hei Lou Lan said: “I merely have mid tier battle strength among us.”


Xue Er opened her eyes in shock, thinking: “My heavens, why are there a bunch of monsters here? Rank six cultivation level but having the highest battle strength, who exactly is this person? How high is their battle talent?”


“Now, let us bring you there. I told you these things in advance so you can take note, she has a different relationship with us.” Ying Wu Xie continued to lead the way.


Soon, they arrived at Bai Ning Bing’s location.


Boom boom boom!


Intense explosions resounded in the immortals’ ears like thunder.


Roar—!


Next, the immortals heard a loud and pitiful sound that resembled the cry of a dying beast.


“This, this is!” When the immortals arrived, Xue Er was shocked to see that Bai Ning Bing was alone in the battlefield, around her was a ring of ancient desolate beasts.


“All of you came at a right time, I found a good place.” Bai Ning Bing stopped the killer move Bai Xiang as she went towards the immortals.


Xue Er was greatly shocked.


“So beautiful!”


Bai Ning Bing’s beauty and aura was simply breathtaking.


Even the genius Xue Er was shaken, she thought: “There is such a beautiful person that exists?”


If she knew that Bai Ning Bing was a male turned into a female, who knew how she would feel.


Xue Er thought: “Why is Fang Yuan surrounded by so many beauties? And they are such talented people! Now wonder he thinks little of me.”




