Chapter 147: Too Arrogant


Ever since Bai Ning Bing and Qing Shu’s intense battle, Fang Yuan had become quite famous as the person who had been chasing Bai Ning Bing and trying to kill him beforehand.


Recently, Fang Yuan had been showing his strength against the wolf tide. He went out to hunt lightning wolves alone and showed shocking results.


He was considered the new generation’s rising star. If not for his eccentricity and poor reputation, his status would be on par with Chi Shan and Mo Yan.


But as far as the Xiong Clan was concerned, Fang Yuan was also Xiong Jiang’s murderer.


Thus, when Xiong Jiao Man and the others saw Fang Yuan, they had complicated expressions.


Fang Yuan stared at them from above and waved the tree vine in his hand. “You can continue to wait for reinforcements, or escape using this vine and climb up the mountain.”


Who knew when the reinforcements would come?


Matters on the battlefield were ever changing.


Xiong Jiao Man and the others obviously wanted to choose the guaranteed escape before them, but Fang Yuan actually asked them for remuneration.


The Xiong Clan Gu Masters were furious.


“Fang Yuan, we are alliance mates. How can you do this?!” one shouted in rage.


“You want her Bear Enslavement Gu? How shameless can you be?!” another sneered.


Fang Yuan calmly retorted, “One Bear Enslavement Gu and seven hundred primeval stones in exchange for all seven of your lives. It’s quite cheap. You can reject me, and I’ll still report your circumstances to the clan, but…hehe, when will proper reinforcements come? Will they encounter a wolf pack on the way here? Who knows?”


Everyone fell silent.


Their expressions were ugly.


“Alright, I promise you. Fang Yuan, you really live up to your reputation.” Finally, Xiong Jiao Man chose to give way for the sake of everyone else. Her words were full of spite.


Fang Yuan shrugged nonchalantly. The result was as expected.


He threw down the tree vine, and laughed coldly in his heart.


He had lured the four Bold Lightning Wolf packs here. Originally, he had wanted to wait until they died before retrieving their Gu worms so that he could turn them in for a massive quantity of merit points, but their Signal Gu had attracted the attention of nearby Gu Master groups. To not waste his effort, Fang Yuan could only act as reinforcements before others arrived.


Xiong Jiao Man and the others climbed the vines and successfully escaped from the wolf pack. Not long after, three Gu Master groups arrived, with Chi Shan’s group among them.


The seven Gu Masters grew even more upset.


Xiong Jiao Man was extremely regretful. Moments before, she had withdrawn her will from the Bear Enslavement Gu and cooperated with Fang Yuan’s refinement. Even if she wanted to go back on her word now, it was impossible.


“Fang Yuan, I will remember you.” Xiong Jiao Man glared at Fang Yuan.


“Whether you remember me or not is your business.” Fang Yuan laughed plainly before turning around and leaving.


“Miss Xiong, we meet again.” Chi Shan approached and spoke courteously.


Due to the Bai Ning Bing incident, the Gu Yue Clan had lost Qing Shu and the Xiong Clan had lost Xiong Li. The two clans had grown closer as a result. Politically, they were cooperating to sanction the Bai Clan, even though all three were still allied in name.


“I pay my respects to Elder Brother Chi Shan.” Xiong Jiao Man slowly relaxed her frown and cupped her fist towards him. “This time, we are asking the Gu Yue Clan for some reinforcements. Xiong Village has been surrounded by wolf packs for six days and six nights already.”


Recently, the wolf tide was getting more severe. The lightning wolf packs had already started to besiege the clans.


Between the three villages, Xiong Village was situated lowest on the mountain, and it would be the first to be attacked by the wolf packs. In fact, this was the third time they had gotten surrounded and needed reinforcements. If they coordinated with the other clans and attacked from both sides, they would be able to break the siege and scatter the wolves.


“That shouldn’t be an issue. Didn’t we cooperate well the last two times? But I have to report this to the clan leader first. Come with me,” Chi Shan said.


Xiong Jiao Man and the others followed Chi Shan’s group and arrived at Gu Yue Village.


The village had already been fortified with layers of defenses. Dozens of towers had been built along the outer wall, and below were trenches filled with sharpened bamboo stakes.


Steel Vine Gu and Poison Flower Gu had been planted all along the walls; at a glance, they appeared to be covered in sharp thorns, and bright, poisonous flowers were blooming. There seemed to be thousands of them.


As they entered the main gate, they could see that the surrounding buildings, whether they were houses or taverns, had all been transformed into temporary forts.


After the seven of them had left the Xiong Clan, the Xiong Gu Masters’ journey had been filled with difficulty. After traversing the forest full of wolves, they bore dozens of injuries. Thus, they were led into a bamboo building to receive treatment.


There were over a dozen healing Gu Masters inside, mostly rank one, but also a few that were rank two. But what surprised the Xiong Clan Gu Masters was that the person in charge was not a rank two healing Gu Master, but rather a young girl.


“Put this unconscious one on the vine chair.


“The one here has a fracture on his leg. Xing, come here and give him treatment.


“That’s a superficial injury. Ah Feng, come here and stop the bleeding. Ah Xing, bring the disinfectant. Xiao Hua, go place a splint on that leg fracture, then come here to bandage the injury.”


The young girl had black hair and a mouth like a peach. Her eyes were shining like crystals, her face was slightly chubby, and she had a soft and pleasant voice. But when she handled the patients, she was experienced and capable, surprising everyone who watched.


Xiong Jiao Man had a sudden thought. “Little Sister, are you Gu Yue Yao Le?”


“Sister Jiao Man, hello. To think you know my name.” After she finished assigning the Gu Masters to their stations, Yao Le walked over and introduced herself.


“Sister Yao Le, you’ve grown quite famous. They say you’re extremely talented in medicine and healing and have inherited your grandmother’s benevolent heart. Even with rank one cultivation, you are known as one of the top ten rising stars on Qing Mao Mountain. Even in the Xiong Clan, there are many who admire you, Sister.” Xiong Jiao Man knew that the young girl had quite the influential family. Since she had come to the Gu Yue Clan to seek help, she naturally tried to make a good impression.


“I’m flattered, Sister Jiao Man.” Yao Le was still young, and her face turned red as she looked down in embarrassment after being praised.


At that moment, a Xiong clan Gu Master said unhappily, “Although you’re both among the top ten rising stars, the difference between you and Gu Yue Fang Yuan is night and day, Little Sister.”


“Don’t mention Fang Yuan, my blood boils thinking of him!”


“In times without heroes, such youths become famous!”


“His character is horrible. I can’t believe he’s actually first among the top ten rising stars. Thinking about it makes me want to vomit.”


Their words immediately attracted the attention of others who were nearby, including a few Gu Yue Clan Gu Masters.


“Fang Yuan? What did he do this time?” someone asked in curiosity.


“Hmph, he took one of my Bear Enslavement Gu, and seven hundred primeval stones besides, as a reward for saving us. I’ve never seen anyone so shameless and corrupted by greed!” Xiong Jiao Man vented.


“This is nothing, there are worse things.”


“His heart is blacker than coal. He’s selling Vitality Leaves for eighty primeval stones apiece and taking advantage of his clansmen. His greed and shamelessness knows no bounds!”


“He is too arrogant and proud. My friend asked to join his group, but not only was he rejected, Fang Yuan insulted him in public. What’s his deal? He’s just a C grade talent.”


“He’s a living prodigal son, wasting the inheritance his parents left him to buy a Red Steel Relic Gu from the caravan. Then he stole another Red Steel Relic Gu from Bai Ning Bing. If only I had those, then I could be his match!”


“Lord Qing Shu was the best, after all. He was humble and kind. Too bad he died early.”


“His brother Fang Zheng, at least, seems to be following in Lord Qing Shu’s footsteps. He has a sense of justice, helps those in need, and is kind-hearted and humble. He is the complete opposite of his brother.”


Xiong Jiao Man did not expect her ranting to cause so much reaction from the Gu Yue clansmen.


She was shocked. To think that Fang Yuan was such a failure as a human that he was hated by so many even among his own clan.


She felt it was a bit strange and asked, “Since he is so hated, why hasn’t anyone taught him a lesson?”


The bamboo building instantly became silent.


The Gu Yue clansmen all looked at each other, not saying a word.


In truth, there were many in the clan who could not stand Fang Yuan’s behavior. Many people went to him to give him trouble, but every time, the result was that the person trying to cause trouble got into an even bigger mess themselves.


After this happened several times, people stopped trying.


And then Fang Yuan also became publicly known as first among the top ten rising stars of the wolf tide.


All status originates from strength.


Fang Yuan’s battle strength was the greatest, so he was first, regardless of how bad his reputation was, or how poorly he got along with others.


“Fang Yuan again…” Yao Le frowned and muttered.


She had never seen Fang Yuan, but had already heard much about him, enough to form a poor impression of him.


Although he is my senior, the things he does are unforgivable, and he is so extreme. He spat in the face of the clan alliance and extorted Sister Jiao Man for a Bear Enslavement Gu. No, I must tell Grandma and get her to teach Fang Yuan a lesson, otherwise our clan will be humiliated.


The young girl suddenly felt that there was a need for an elder to do something.


She naturally couldn’t do anything herself, but she felt that her grandma, the Medicine Hall Elder Gu Yue Yao Ji, could.


In her eyes, her grandma was omnipotent.


•••


“You want me to deal with Fang Yuan?” Yao Ji looked at her granddaughter, her face blank, and she started getting nervous.


“My dear granddaughter, did he bully you?” she hurriedly asked.


“He didn’t bully me, but he bullied others. This time it was the Xiong Clan’s Sister Jiao Man. He extorted her and took a Bear Enslavement Gu and seven hundred primeval stones. It’s too much, if this goes on, our clan’s reputation will be completely ruined,” Yao Le said.


“Mmm, Grandma knows about this matter. My darling granddaughter, you can head back, Grandma will not disappoint you,” Yao Ji said after deep consideration.


“Thank you, Grandma! You might not be aware, but he’s too wicked. He’s taking advantage of our clansmen with the price of his goods and bullying the weak, he’s a true villain.”


After the young girl left, Yao Ji fell into deep thought.


She had wanted to deal with Fang Yuan for a long time. However, it naturally was not a naive reason like Yao Le had just offered, but because Fang Yuan possessed enough profits for her to strike.


First was the Liquor Worm.


Although she had bought one from the caravan, it had been given to her granddaughter Yao Le. She herself still needed a Liquor Worm as an ingredient to refine a certain rank three Gu.


Next was the Nine Leaf Vitality Grass.


The clan possessed several Nine Leaf Vitality Grass, and most of them were under her control. By relying on Vitality Leaves, she could consolidate her authority and status.


Fang Yuan is too arrogant! First I wanted to buy his Liquor Worm, but he refused to sell, the bold little whelp. This time he raised the price of his Vitality Leaves and earned a fortune. Does he really think that my title as Medicine Hall Elder amounts to nothing? Hmph!


