Chapter 148: Circumstance


Two giant banners rustled in the wind.


One was the battle merit board. Fang Yuan was now among the top ten. The other listed all kinds of goods that could be purchased with battle merits.


However, most of the Gu Masters in the crowded plaza had their attention on a newly-issued decree.


The announcement stated that, as the wolf tide was becoming more fierce and the casualties were increasing day by day, the Medicine Hall had ordered all Gu Masters who possessed a Nine Leaf Vitality Grass to temporarily hand them over to the clan. The Medicine Hall would organize staff to handle the production of Vitality Leaves.


There was a list of names below the decree. They were the names of the Gu Yue clansmen that possessed a Nine Leaf Vitality Grass.


Naturally, Fang Yuan was on the list.


At that moment, he was standing in a distant corner, reading the announcement. His expression couldn’t help but turn ugly.


He instantly realized that this was Yao Ji making a move against him.


Hmph, Yao Ji has been indignant since I refused to sell her my Liquor Worm. I already accumulated enough battle merits to exchange for a Three Step Fragrant Grass Gu, but she worked in the shadows to prevent me from doing so. Now, she is actually coveting my Nine Leaf Vitality Grass…


Yao Ji’s actions were understandable.


People of the same trade were natural enemies.


By controlling the sale of Vitality Leaves, Yao Ji could consolidate her authority, deepen her influence, and maintain her connections. However, Fang Yuan had been selling them on the side and even raising his prices, so he was imperceptibly infringing on her benefits and shaking her influence.


I have quite a lot of Gu worms now. The Nine Leaf Vitality Grass is my most important source of income; if I lose this Gu, it’s as good as checkmate. Yao Ji made a really fierce move. Fang Yuan frowned.


The discussions of the surrounding Gu Masters entered his ears.


“The Medicine Hall made a truly great decision! There are very few Vitality Leaves and they simply can’t meet our needs. Every time a batch appears on the merit board, they’re immediately purchased by others.”


“Elder Yao Ji is truly gentle and kind. Look at the name list, it includes several Gu Masters from both the Chi and Mo factions. She has no doubt offended many powerful elders with this action.”


“Elder Yao Ji is thinking for the clan, she is worthy of respect!”


“Ah, only Lady Yao Ji has such courage. Would any other elder dare to do this?”


“Eh! Look, it updated. The Chi and Mo factions have both handed over their Nine Leaf Vitality Grasses.”


The crowd was boiling.


With the consolidation of the Nine Leaf Vitality Grass Gu, there would be many more Vitality Leaves available for sale. This was great news for the crowd.


Fang Yuan watched the announcement with rapt attention, and sure enough, beside the names of these Gu Masters, the words “handed over” appeared. His own name had thus become conspicuous.


He felt the pressure on him increase.


Yao Ji was an old veteran with deep schemes. With this move, she was borrowing the force of public opinion to pressure Fang Yuan. If Fang Yuan resisted or disobeyed, it would attract even greater trouble and give people a hold over him; it was absolutely not a sensible act.


This was the power of the system.


If the clan wanted you to sacrifice, it wouldn’t directly say so. Instead, it would wrap the sacrifice in a shiny cloak of righteousness, giving you no choice but to submit.


It was just like the recruitment of those retired old Gu Masters. They were being forced to sacrifice their lives, but how could they resist?


The decree to hand over the Nine Leaf Vitality Grass was asking Fang Yuan and the other Gu Masters to sacrifice their own benefits to satisfy everyone else, and indirectly, for the benefit of Yao Ji. Anyone that dared to disobey was going against the clan and alienating themselves! They were traitors and rebels!


To resolve this, small schemes like delaying tactics won’t work, and will instead put me into an even more passive state. Yao Ji’s move carries righteousness and the support of public opinion; any small schemes will be destroyed. Only by striking back even harder, fighting back fairly, and defeating her schemes openly will resolve this.


Fang Yuan already had a solution.


This plan was simple but grand: advance to rank three!


Rank three and rank two Gu Masters had completely different status. In the clan, any Gu Master that advanced to rank three would immediately become an elder and join the circle of decision makers. Even the clan head couldn’t lightly infringe upon their benefits.


Don’t be naive and think that the Mo and Chi factions obediently handed over their Nine Leaf Vitality Grasses. Yao Ji certainly made some deals behind the scenes to secure the cooperation of the others who had handed over their Gu.


This was a political transaction.


However, the majority couldn’t see this truth and were hoodwinked by Yao Ji.


If Fang Yuan were a rank three Gu Master, he would definitely be compensated in other aspects even if he ultimately still had to hand over his Nine Leaf Vitality Grass.


Why was Yao Ji so anxious to deal with Fang Yuan?


On one hand, it was because of benefits. Fang Yuan’s actions infringed on her benefits, and she also wanted some Gu worms in his possession.


On the other hand, Fang Yuan was already at rank two peak stage. If she didn’t make a move now, he might become a rank three elder and she would lose the opportunity.


Advancing to rank three is a must. The clan can sacrifice rank two Gu Masters, but rank three Gu Masters are its pillars and losing them would cause too much damage. Moreover, I’ve accumulated too many problems. Qing Shu died, but the clan didn’t do a careful investigation. I have the Water Shield Gu, Plunder Gu, and other Gu worms that I shouldn’t, but the clan has turned a blind eye to it. My cultivation is advancing so fast that the higher-ups are definitely suspicious, but they are enduring it and haven’t examined my secrets.


Fang Yuan understood his situation very well.


On the surface, he looked to be strong and well off, but he was actually surrounded by danger.


The clan didn’t move against him because their attention was completely on the wolf tide. If they couldn’t resist the wolf tide, they would be destroyed. Before such pressure, Fang Yuan’s situation was only a minor detail.


However, once the wolf tide was gone, the clan would have attention to spare. How could they not look for him to settle the account?


Before, in the academy, the clan elders didn’t move against Fang Yuan because he was too weak. He was taking small steps and didn’t infringe upon their benefits, so he didn’t attract their attention.


But it was different now.


Fang Yuan’s cultivation was already at rank two peak stage. If he took one step further, he would become an elder.


Simply having this level of cultivation had already touched the elders’ nerves. They were paying very close attention to him now.


Any newly-advanced elder would have wide-ranging effects on the political situation of the Gu Yue Clan. As a result, the existing factions would alternately attempt to recruit and suppress him. As long as he remained separate from the system, their efforts would intensify.


Taking no sides was still, in fact, taking a side.


No one could tolerate him as he was, a person who roamed beyond the system.


If I advance to rank three, the suppression will definitely be much lower than now, though it will not disappear. Rank three is a point of qualitative change, a threshold. Stepping through it will bring me to a whole new world. Also, with rank three cultivation, I can freely move about. At worst, I can simply leave the clan. Fang Yuan understood things clearly.


However, advancing to rank three was not easy. Especially considering his C grade aptitude, it was almost impossible.


In his previous life, he had stalled at rank two peak stage for over a hundred years. Eventually, he paid a painful price to obtain a Gu that improved his aptitude. Only then could he advance.


Advancing through small realms was easy: one needed only time and patience. However, every large realm had a barrier that must be overcome, and the higher you went, the harder it was to cross. Especially when advancing from rank five to six, the difficulty was beyond imagination, harder than ascending to heaven!


Fang Yuan already had a lot of difficulties when advancing from rank one to rank two. Now, to advance from rank two to rank three, there was no possibility of success by following the traditional route.


Fortunately, in Fang Yuan’s five hundred years of life experience and vast memories, there were two or three ways. Putting it nicely, they were alternative paths, but to be blunt, they were demonic methods.


The option he chose was quite suitable for his current situation.


It required refining a peculiar and bloody Gu, known as the Man-Beast Life Burial Gu. It was a secret recipe developed by an ancient demonic path sect leader through painstaking effort in order to strengthen the cultivation of his subordinates.


The Man-Beast Life Burial Gu was specialized for rank two Gu Masters to break through to rank three.


In his previous life, Fang Yuan had explored the unknown and coincidentally found this recipe. It had made a deep impression on him and he had firmly kept it in mind.


Crucially, the materials required for the refinement were not rare.


Under normal circumstances, he might still need a few years to gather them, but the wolf tide gave him a great opportunity.


He had already collected sufficient primeval stones and Gu worms. All that remained was to wait for an opportune moment.


•••


“Everyone, look at the notice the Medicine Hall has just issued.”


“They want to collect Nine Leaf Vitality Grass and unify the production of Vitality Leaves?”


“This is great news.”


In a bamboo building, a group of Gu Masters gathered near the notice pasted on the wall. They were all filled with delight when they read it.


“Hahaha, I reckon Fang Yuan is close to tears.”


“Hmph, serves him right for selling Vitality Leaves at such a high price and exploiting us!”


“I really want to see the look on Fang Yuan’s face right now…”


Many people were taking joy in the misfortune of others.


“Hehehe, this really lets us vent our resentment. We really need to thank Miss Yao Le for this. If she hadn’t persuaded Lady Yao Ji, how could we laugh today?”


“Right, we are really grateful to Miss Yao Le.”


“Miss Yao Le is not only beautiful, she is also kind-hearted, upholding justice and fairness for us. She has the demeanor of Lady Yao Ji.”


As she overheard their praise, Yao Le shyly lowered her head, feeling happy.


“Little Sister Yao Le.” At that moment, Xiong Jiao Man walked in through the door. “I came to say my goodbyes. I saw the Medicine Hall’s notice. Thank you for letting me vent my anger. People like Fang Yuan are black sheep and need to be controlled.”


“Big Sister, you are leaving?” Yao Le asked, concerned.


Xiong Jiao Man put one hand on her hip and pointed the thumb of her other hand at a group of Gu Masters standing outside the door. “I’ve asked your clan for reinforcements, so I must hurry back. Let’s meet again next time.”


Yao Le’s heart was filled with grief.


Xiong Jiao Man had ten Gu Masters when she had left her clan, but there were only seven left when she arrived here. Now, these Gu Masters were going to step into the cruel battlefield again. How many of them could safely return?


