Chapter 149: Wolves Attack the Village


Yao Le watched Xiong Jiao Man and the others as they walked out of the village gate.


But their separation was extremely short lived; merely fifteen minutes later, Xiong Jiao Man and the others returned to the bamboo building.


“We’re unlucky, the wolf tide is surging,” Xiong Jiao Man explained, laughing bitterly.


When the Gu Masters in the bamboo building heard this, they grew tense.


Xiong Jiao Man’s group had both numbers and strength, yet they were forced to retreat to the village — it showed the intensity of the wolf tide.


“Everyone get ready, the lightning wolf pack is about to attack,” Xiong Jiao Man said.


As soon as she finished speaking, sirens resounded throughout the entire village.


Silence fell for a moment. In the next instant, a commotion erupted.


“This alarm…there is a large wolf pack attacking the village!”


“Quick, quick, gather all our group members here, there’s a huge battle incoming.”


“Damn it, I just got back, I wanted to get a good sleep…”


Some Gu Masters cursed, while others showed cold expressions. At once, in the bamboo building and on the streets, Gu Masters could be seen moving quickly, gathering towards the four gates of the village as well as the outer walls.


On the interior of the village walls, there were large wooden ladders placed at intervals for Gu Masters to climb up.


Many defensive towers had been erected along the walls. They stood like courageous sentinels, defending the village.


Fang Yuan was among the crowd, arriving at the base of the outer wall. A Gu Master was already stepping onto a nearby ladder, but as he was about to head up, Fang Yuan pulled him off and ascended himself.


“Which bastard…” The Gu Master was about to swear at whoever had grabbed him, but he saw that it was Fang Yuan and immediately shut up.


Fang Yuan climbed up the wooden ladder, activated his White Jade Gu, and poked his head out over the wall to look at the front lines.


Just outside the village, there were lightning wolves everywhere, thousands of them!


The countless glimmering green wolf eyes caused anyone who saw them to break out in cold sweat.


These wolves were all starving, and some were even emaciated.


There were so many of them that the packs had become a moving disaster. Every other wild beast in the area had been chased away or eaten, so there was less food to go around.


To them, a village full of people was a fatal attraction.


Wolves were ordinarily cautious and patient beasts. A well-fed wolf would never attack the village. But hungry wolves were wild, dangerous, and crazy.


On top of the normal wolves, there were also Bold Lightning Wolves.


They stood out among the countless ordinary wolves, their bodies as large as bulls.


There were at least thirty of them!


The observing Gu Masters sucked in a deep breath.


This was the second time Gu Yue Village had been attacked by wolves this year, but there were at least twice as many as last time.


The Bold Lightning Wolves were all at the peak of their health, strong as oxes. Ordinary lightning wolves might not get food, but these hundred beast kings definitely had ample nutrition.


Resources were naturally given to the higher-ups first. The benefits of the lower ranks would be stripped, sacrificed, and given to those above them. Be it human society or wild beast groups, it worked the same way.


These bold lightning wolves are not the real threat. Fang Yuan’s eyes continued to scan the packs, and he quickly saw three large wolf shadows at the back, hiding amongst the trees.


Thousand beast kings: Frenzy Lightning Wolves!


Each Frenzy Lightning Wolf was as large as an elephant.


Fang Yuan’s pupils shrank slightly, but immediately returned to normal. He continued observing, but he only saw lesser wolves coming in from all directions.


He did not see a Thunder Crown Wolf.


Fang Yuan secretly sighed in relief. Without a Thunder Crown Wolf assaulting the village, it was relatively safe.


In his memory, the Thunder Crown Wolf appeared at the end of August. It caused great damage to the Gu Yue Clan, and if not for the clan leader and elders joining forces to block them relentlessly, along with Qing Shu sacrificing his life, Gu Yue Village would have been destroyed.


Ever since his rebirth, Fang Yuan had changed many things. Qing Shu had already been sacrificed, so Fang Yuan dared not be careless. There was even a possibility of the Thunder Crown Wolf appearing early. Thus, he rushed over to observe.


Howl!


The three Frenzy Lightning Wolves raised their heads as they howled long and loud.


Countless lightning wolves responded to the howls and began to charge towards the village.


The Gu Masters within the walls had already prepared themselves.


Rank one Gu Masters stood below, placing their hands on the cold walls.


The rank two Gu Masters either climbed the wooden ladders or gathered at the top of the towers.


A short distance from the walls, buildings had been remodelled into temporary forts, full of Gu Masters. Some were support teams, some were healing Gu Masters from the Medicine Hall, and others were recon Gu Masters, moving between the walls and the forts to provide information to the rear.


The clan elders had spread themselves out. Some were at the rear, others went to the top of the towers, and others watched from the sides. They were preserving their strength as well as acting as mental pillars for the clansmen.


“They’re here.” Fang Yuan stood atop the wooden ladder, his eyes glimmering.


The lightning wolves formed into a tidal wave, rushing across the mountain slope and assaulting the village.


Rumble rumble…


They first fell into the pitfalls that had been dug outside the walls, their bodies pierced by countless bamboo spears like dumplings in a pot.


Some died instantly, while others bled out, crying pitifully.


The wind blew, carrying the smell of blood and the howls of the wolves.


They attacked in a frenzy. Not only did they not stop, they were stimulated by the smell of blood and attacked even more furiously.


Lightning wolves fell into the traps one by one, using their lives to pave the way for the others. They stepped over their companions’ corpses and crashed into the village walls.


At once, many thuds were heard.


A single lightning wolf was powerless against the wall, but the horde was endless, and the countless impacts caused the wall to shake.


The rank one Gu Masters touching the inside walls steeled themselves and risked their lives, injecting primeval essence into the Steel Vine Gu and Poison Flower Gu embedded within.


Countless thorns sprang from the village walls and stabbed into the lightning wolves. The Poison Flower Gu lent the thorns a poisonous touch, and the venom invaded the lightning wolves’ bodies.


The wolves attacked the village walls, tearing and biting at them, but as their injuries intensified and the poison accumulated, their movements gradually turned sluggish.


Pewpewpew.


Rank two Gu Masters shot out moonblades from their perches atop the ladders and towers.


As the sharp light poured into the wolf packs, blood splashed and wolf limbs went flying.


The Bold Lightning Wolves began to enter the battle, immediately bringing injuries and death to the Gu Masters.


In Fang Yuan’s corner.


A thin blue bolt of lightning shot out and struck the village walls, piercing through the barrier and creating a hole. It electrocuted an unfortunate rank one Gu Master inside as well.


The Bold Lightning Wolf that had fired the shot quickly received heavy attention.


Dozens of moonblades flew towards it, but it dodged left and right, relying on the surrounding lightning wolves to provide cover, thus suffering only minor injuries.


Howl!


It opened its mouth, and between its sharp teeth, sparks gathered, quickly forming a second bolt that flashed towards Fang Yuan.


Water Shield Gu.


Fang Yuan snorted, and from his nose, two lines of light blue water vapor flowed out.


The vapor expanded, forming a ball of water around him.


The lightning hit the water barrier and caused it to shake, but it did not break.


Moonglow Gu!


Fang Yuan dispelled the water barrier and shot out three moonblades.


The angles of the moonblades were tricky. The Bold Lightning Wolf dodged the first, but the second hit its right front leg, slowing its movements, and the third hit its head, causing a severe injury that crushed its left eye.


As it cried out in pain, the other Gu Masters took advantage of the opportunity, and in an instant, it was enveloped in a flurry of moonblades.


Pewpewpew!


Its body was torn to ribbons by the onslaught, the injuries so deep that the bones could be seen. It staggered for a moment before collapsing completely. The surrounding wolves went into a panic, terror spreading through them like ripples in a pond.


But with three Frenzy Lightning Wolves at the rear, the wolves only fell into chaos for a short time before their courage returned and they attacked the village walls once again.


Fang Yuan threw a few more moonblades before descending the ladder. With just this, his dark red primeval essence had already gone below half and needed to be replenished.


Seeing him coming down, a rank two Gu Master quickly took over and ascended the ladder in his place.


Normally, Gu Masters that had long range attacks would man the ladders or gather in the towers. They focused on the Bold Lightning Wolves, as they were much more dangerous than the normal wolves. Some of them had Gu worms that could penetrate the village’s defenses or even allow them to leap directly inside.


Fang Yuan walked to the rear lines.


All around him, other Gu Masters were doing the same, moving to the rear to recover their primeval essence. Another group of Gu Masters moved from the rear to the front lines to replace them.


This was a battlefield.


Strength below rank two peak stage seemed insignificant. Only rank three Gu Masters could act as pillars to control the situation.


Fang Yuan came to a bamboo building that had been heavily reinforced. He squeezed his way past dozens of Gu Masters who were sitting inside, holding primeval stones and recovering their primeval essence.


Some healing Gu Masters moved among the crowd, or squatted down beside injured Gu Masters with first aid kits at their side.


Fang Yuan found a spot to sit down, and a healing Gu Master immediately came over.


He shook his head towards her, and she understood, approaching another Gu Master instead.


•••


Following this rotational strategy all the way till evening, Fang Yuan had entered the battle five times. But the lightning wolf packs seemed endless. In the distance, they could see even more wolves gathering under the howls of the Frenzy Lightning Wolves.


“It seems this wolf tide will last through the night,” said a clan elder, face full of worry as he looked outside the village.


At night, the Gu Masters would suffer from poor visibility, but the lightning wolves were unaffected by the darkness.


“This is only the second wave, and it is already so intense. The situation is not optimistic,” another clan elder sighed.


Yao Ji’s face was sullen.


She was the Medicine Hall Elder, leading the healing Gu Masters. She was the first to receive casualty reports.


She held a thin piece of bamboo paper in her hands that recorded the injuries and deaths of the day, her heart solemn.


The death toll was far greater than previous years.


But she understood that it was not due to any decline in the quality of their Gu Masters, but because there were simply too many wolves, and they were too ferocious.


“How goes it with the Nine Leaf Vitality Grass?” Yao Ji asked faintly, sighing as she watched the blood red setting sun.


Her subordinate quickly reported that three people had not given up theirs yet, and Fang Yuan was among them.


Yao Ji snorted, then asked, “Where is Yao Le?”


“She is near the east gate, leading the healing team. I’ve advised her many times, but she refuses to stay in the rear, insisting on going to the front lines.” As he spoke, he knelt in fear.


Yao Ji thought for a while before nodding, waving her hand to send off her subordinate.


A clan elder was stationed near her granddaughter, and the Xiong clansmen she had made friends with were also nearby. It could be said that the front lines were the safest place for her.


Although Yao Ji doted on her granddaughter, she supported her courage as well.


The ones in power had their considerations.


These experiences would become Yao Le’s political advantage when she inherited the Medicine Hall!


