Chapter 15: History is Written by the Victors


In this secret cave, all of a sudden, someone’s voice loomed from behind.

Even Fang Yuan, old devil that he was, could feel the hairs on the back of his neck standing up, his scalp going numb.

He had been followed!

Could it be that repeatedly going out the last few days had aroused suspicion and attention?

Or was it someone sent by his uncle?

In his mind, he even thought of the rank one Gu Master that he encountered in the inn, the young man called Jiang Ya.

In that short moment, his mind flew through countless ideas and guesses, as well as solutions.

Fang Yuan could feel that the person’s words were full of murderous intent. This made him groan inside — he was only rank one initial stage right now, and he did not even have a vital Gu. For a Gu Master, this was the equivalent of having zero fighting ability. What was he supposed to do?

He roared in his head, Too weak, too weak!

“You have already been poisoned by my Single Gate Poison Gu. Without my other Gu that acts as the counterpart to it, after seven days you will turn into pus and blood and die,” the voice said behind him.

Fang Yuan gritted his teeth, his expression cold. He said in a low tone, “You want the Liquor Worm? I can give it to you.”

He slowly stood up, his actions careful. But at this moment, another voice appeared. This voice was full of fear, and trembled as it said, “I’ll give it, I can give you anything, please just spare my life, O Flower Wine Monk!”

Wait a minute, this is… Fang Yuan frowned and suddenly turned around in realization. He was met with the sight of light and shadow changing and fluctuating on the wall in front of him, a picture emerging.

A lean and threatening Gu Master was standing at the top of a mountain; there was another Gu Master prostrate before him. All around the two Gu Masters were the signs of a fierce battle. A collapsed pit and broken chunks of stone littered the area.

Not far away from them was a group of aged onlookers, their faces filled with anger and fear.

In the middle of the scene, the victorious Gu Master lifted his head upwards and laughed loudly. “Ha ha ha, Gu Yue’s hero, cultivating to rank five at such a young age. I thought you were quite something at first, but I didn’t expect you to be so unbearable. Hmph!”

The laughing Gu Master had long and thin eyes, and he was dressed in long pink robes, his long, wide sleeves swaying with the wind. The area where his robes intersected around his neck was loose and open, revealing his strong, pale chest muscles. The most eye-catching part of him was his bald head, shining without a single strand of hair.

The Flower Wine Monk! Fang Yuan immediately recognized the identity of this Gu Master.

“To compare myself to Sir Flower Wine, I am nothing! I must have been unwell in the head, to actually not recognize such a great person, and to have offended you. Sir Flower Wine, please remember my clan’s generous hospitality and spare my life!” The prostrate Gu Master was shaking, covered in cold sweat, tears and snot flowing down his face as he begged for mercy.

Fang Yuan narrowed his eyes and carefully eyed the two, realizing that the kneeling Gu Master was wearing the Gu Yue clan head uniform. It was clear that this person was the fourth generation clan leader!

As for the aged onlookers, they were probably the clan elders of that generation.

“Hehe, generous hospitality? You’ve got some guts to call it that! I was actually sincere in coming to trade with you, using primeval stones to buy your clan’s moon orchids at a fair price. It was you who were harboring evil intentions. You pretended to welcome me and told me to take a seat at your banquet, intending to lace my liquor with poison. Do you think my name is just for show? How could I fall for poisoned wine?”

The Flower Wine Monk pointed at the kneeling fourth generation clan leader, sneering, “If you had cooperated fairly, none of this would have happened. In the end, you just wanted to take my head to raise your reputation and fame, you have only yourself to blame for dying!”

“Sir, please spare my worthless life!” The fourth generation clan head shouted in dismay, his knees scraping against the ground. He quickly crawled over to the Flower Wine Monk’s feet and hugged his thighs.

“Sir, my clan has a spirit spring which produces primeval stones. We have also planted many moon orchids in an underground cave. I am willing to submit to your Enslavement Gu and become your servant, my life and death at your whim! I am willing to give you my lifelong servitude, sir!”

Fang Yuan watched, speechless, while the few elders in the picture looked even more uncertain.

The Flower Wine Monk narrowed his eyes, his anger already dissipating. His eyes flashed and he said, “Hmph, an Enslavement Gu is precious beyond reasoning, it is a rank five Gu, do you really think I would have one? However, you have been infected by my Single Gate Poison Gu. Only I can cure the poison, so I’m not afraid of you disobeying. Since that is the case, your clan has to give me fifteen kilograms of moon orchid petals every week, and also three thousand primeval stones. I will come around every now and then to pick up the goods and temporarily cure your poison, sparing your useless life.”

“Thank you so much for your mercy, sir! Thank you so much!” the fourth generation clan head cried repeatedly, kowtowing non-stop. His head started bleeding as it bumped against the mountain rock.

“Hmph, stop groveling, I despise people like you the most! What so-called Gu Yue genius? You’re not worthy of the title. You’d better serve me properly, if you want to live…urgh!” The Flower Wine Monk suddenly cried out, his face twisting in horror.

He kicked away the fourth generation clan head with his leg as his body swayed. He frantically stepped backwards, yelling at the clan head, “How do you still have Gu?”

The fourth generation clan head had been kicked in the pit of his stomach and he spat blood. He got up with a painstaking effort, his expression transforming into a scheming smile. “Heh heh heh, anybody has the right to punish followers of the demonic path! This is the Moonshadow Gu, it excels at concealment. Even though it is only rank four, it has the ability to restrict the usage of primeval essence. Demon, you and I have been fighting fiercely, you don’t have many Gu on you anymore, how could you possibly restrain the Moonshadow Gu? Just surrender and become my servant. As long as you serve me well, you will still have a chance to live!”

The Flower Wine Monk flew into a rage and roared, “To hell with you!!”

The words had barely left his mouth before his body became a bolt of lightning and he shot forward, his fist striking the clan head’s heart.

The clan leader did not expect the Flower Wine Monk to be so radical; even if his primeval sea was threatened, he was unwilling to compromise. The force of the punch sent the clan leader flying, his body falling to the ground like a sack of potatoes.

Thump.

He vomited, blood and even pieces of viscera spewing out onto the mountain rock.

“Have you gone mad, we could have settled this over a discussion…” He glared daggers at the Flower Wine Monk, his lips moving with great effort. His sentence went unfinished, for his legs gave way and his head fell to the side. He was dead.

“Clan head!”

“Men of the demonic path are all insane.”

“Kill him, kill this demon. Avenge the clan leader!”

“He has been affected by the Moonshadow Gu, he can’t easily spend his primeval essence anymore. Over time, even his primeval sea will be threatened.”

The elders who were watching at the sidelines all roared in fury and swarmed the area.

“Ha ha ha, all those who are looking for death, come!” the Flower Wine Monk shouted. Seeing the elders charging at him, he rushed at them headfirst.

A fierce battle ensued, and the Flower Wine Monk quickly gained the upper hand. Very soon, all the elders had collapsed onto the ground, some of them injured and the rest dead. Just as the Flower Wine Monk was about to finish off the surviving elders, he grimaced, placing a hand over his abdomen. “Damn!

“I’ll come back later to deal with you lot,” he said. He glared at the remaining elders, then his body transformed into electricity as he fled into the mountain woods, disappearing without a trace in the blink of an eye.

