Chapter 150: I Am Only Helping Myself


A golden full moon hung in the sky, the drifting clouds casting gloomy shade on the mountain.


The bright moonlight was a welcome happenstance for the Gu Masters in their desperate struggle through the night.


Wolf corpses had piled up and had already reached the midpoint of the wall. The charging lightning wolves used their fallen brethren as a ramp as the assault continued.


Some ordinary lightning wolves even leaped over the walls, claws and teeth bared.


However, due to the difference in height between the walls and the ground, they would be stunned or injured by the fall, and the Gu Masters standing by would quickly dispose of them.


At this moment, Fang Yuan was standing on top of a tower, along with many other Gu Masters. They were endlessly throwing moonblades and other attacks at the wolf packs.


The towers were the most important part of the defense during the battle. Of all the defensive measures the clan had prepared, these towers manned by Gu Masters had slain the most Bold Lightning Wolves.


“Kill, kill, kill! Annihilate these wolves!”


“Nana, I will take revenge for you!!”


“Persevere, just a bit more! The clan’s safety lies in our hands!”


The surroundings were a cacophony of noise. Some people were madly screaming, some were roaring their revenge, some were crying out in pain, and some were shouting war cries.


Fang Yuan stood indifferently, throwing out moonblades occasionally while he observed the battlefield.


Although the moon shone brightly, the visibility still couldn’t be compared to daytime. The three Frenzy Lightning Wolves remained at the rear, unmoving and indistinct.


As long as they remained, this battle would continue. The ordinary lightning wolves were just cannon fodder to exhaust the defenders, and even the Bold Lightning Wolves were merely slightly more valuable sacrifices.


Suddenly!


A Frenzy Lightning Wolf unhurriedly took a step forward. It opened its massive jaws and spat out a ball of lightning.


Rank three Thunderclap Gu.


The ball of lightning was not large in comparison to the Frenzy Lightning Wolf, merely the size of a millstone. However, it pulsed with condensed, eerie blue electricity and it flew incredibly fast.


In an instant, the lightning ball slammed into Fang Yuan’s tower.


The battle had long been in a deadlock. Many of the defending Gu Masters were mentally exhausted and fighting mindlessly, and they were not able to react in time.


Water Shield Gu, White Jade Gu!


Fang Yuan was only barely able to put up his defenses before white light filled his vision.


BOOM!


The sound of the explosion nearly ruptured his eardrums.


A formless force erupted from the explosion and sent him flying.


The devastating lightning destroyed his water shield within two breaths. The rest of the electric current struck Fang Yuan, and even with the White Jade Gu’s defense, he still felt his body go numb.


Bang.


He fell to the ground from a height of three or four meters. The White Jade Gu was not the Moon Raiment Gu: it couldn’t lessen the force of an impact. Fang Yuan’s back hurt all over.


He quickly got up from the ground, blinking rapidly as tears streamed down his face.


After three breaths, he slowly recovered his sight.


The tower that had been built with thick stones was half-destroyed. Burnt black corpses were scattered around on the ground. The blast had opened a huge hole in the outer wall, and an unending stream of wolves charged into the village like a tide.


The Frenzy Lightning Wolves had finally entered the battlefield!


The strength of a thousand beast king was extraordinary.


Fang Yuan had been just one of many in the tower a moment ago, but the rest were all dead, some of them even lacking intact corpses. Fang Yuan alone had survived.


The jellyfish-like Water Shield Gu inside his aperture appeared very weak.


If the water barrier was destroyed repeatedly or by a very powerful attack, the Water Shield Gu would also be damaged and could even perish.


His White Jade Gu was also in a similar state.


Gu worms were strong and yet fragile.


Take the Thunderclap Gu for example: the lightning ball it produced was very powerful, fast, and difficult to defend against. But it also had a weakness: it couldn’t be used repeatedly. The Frenzy Lightning Wolf would need some time to fire another.


BOOM!


But Fang Yuan had just stood up when another lightning ball flew over.


To think this wolf king has two Thunderclap Gu on it! Fang Yuan turned pale and he hurriedly dodged.


He tried not using the Water Shield Gu and only relied on the defense from the White Jade Gu.


“Beast, stop your insolence!” At that moment, a figure appeared in mid-air, golden light bursting out from his body as he resisted the lightning.


The elders had made their moves!


However, one elder was still not enough. Soon, two others joined him.


Resisting a Frenzy Lightning Wolf required at least three groups with great teamwork to join hands, or at least three rank three Gu Masters.


The Frenzy Lightning Wolf took heavy steps forward, entering the battlefield as the surrounding wolves gave way.


It began with a slow run, then gradually grew faster and faster, charging at the village wall with its head lowered.


At the sight of it, all the rank one and rank two Gu Masters fled in terror.


Only the three elders still remained in place.


Everyone tacitly vacated this part of the battlefield and left it to them.


The intense battle between the three elders and the Frenzy Lightning Wolf unfolded.


Not long after, the other two Frenzy Lightning Wolves also charged towards the village, creating two more intense battles.


Three Frenzy Lightning Wolves and nine elders in groups of three to oppose them. Thunder and lightning burst out everywhere, destroying the bamboo buildings. Most of the Gu Masters and lightning wolves who were caught up in these three great battles didn’t have a good end.


Lightning wolves were still charging towards the village, but Fang Yuan didn’t fight anymore. He moved to a corner of the battlefield, observing the main three battles from a distance.


There was no doubt that the wolves’ attack had reached its climax.


Three Frenzy Lightning Wolves. One has two Thunderclap Gu and has high offensive power. The second has a Thunder Wings Gu and can fly for a short moment, giving it very high flexibility. The last holds a Thunder Roar Gu and can kill its enemies with sound waves. Fang Yuan observed the Frenzy Lightning Wolves and slowly determined their abilities and tactics.


A thousand beast king usually had three or four rank two and one rank three wild Gu residing on it.


The Gu Masters could give a proper response as long as they knew what their Gu were. Wolves lacked wisdom, and even if their weaknesses were targeted, they wouldn’t change their methods. The outcome of the battle would become certain.


Sure enough, after a while, the elders retreated and others replaced them.


With the mutual coordination between them and superior tactics, they were soon able to occupy the upper hand. After a brief but intense battle, they controlled the situation.


Victory was only a matter of time.


“The outcome is set.” Just as Yao Ji let out a sigh, a roar resounded from the eastern gate.


A lightning wolf swelled in size, as though it was a balloon being filled with air, and it grew from an ordinary wolf to the size of an elephant.


“There is actually another Frenzy Lightning Wolf!” Many elders grew alarmed at this scene.


Their attention had been gathered on the three main battles. As a result, the village’s defenses were concentrated in those areas, and the forces stationed at the eastern gate were somewhat thin and weak.


“Not good, Yao Le is still there!” Yao Ji suddenly turned pale, and she immediately shot out towards the eastern gate.


Eh, to think there was still such a surprise. This Frenzy Lightning Wolf should have a rank three Aura Concealment Gu. It used this disguise to mix in with the pack and deceive the Gu Masters at the eastern gate.


Fang Yuan observed carefully. The situation at the eastern gate was far from good.


A Frenzy Lightning Wolf had suddenly appeared and smashed the gate, creating a massive hole.


Bold Lightning Wolves charged into the gap, followed by countless ordinary wolves. They howled savagely as they poured into the village.


Yao Le was numb with fear as she saw the lightning wolves flowing in like a tide.


Fortunately, she had veterans like Xiong Jiao Man beside her. At that critical moment, Xiong Jiao Man took charge and ordered, “Quick, close the doors and the windows! We need to defend this place till reinforcements arrive! Only then will we have a fighting chance!”


She had just finished speaking when — BANG — the roof of the bamboo building collapsed under an attack from the Frenzy Lightning Wolf.


Yao Le screamed, losing her composure.


She was too young, and was only rank one. She had stubbornly stayed here, confident in her safety, never thinking that such a dangerous turn of events would occur.


“You brutish beast, stop at once!” Yao Ji shouted as she ran frantically.


She watched helplessly as the Frenzy Lightning Wolf rammed into the bamboo building. Her beloved granddaughter was in danger, but even though she had the power, the beast was beyond her reach.


At this dangerous moment, it was again Xiong Jiao Man who stepped forward.


At her will, her remaining brown bear charged towards the Frenzy Lightning Wolf with a roar.


The Frenzy Lightning Wolf swatted with its right paw, sending all four hundred kilograms of bear flying.


It opened its jaws and tore the brown bear’s head off. How could an ordinary wild beast resist a thousand beast king’s strength?


But Xiong Jiao Man never intended to beat the Frenzy Lightning Wolf. While it was distracted by her bear, she grabbed Yao Le and rushed out of the building, managing to pull a small distance away from the beast.


The Frenzy Lightning Wolf roared. It naturally wasn’t willing to let its prey escape. It leaped a dozen meters at once, landing in front of Xiong Jiao Man.


At the sight of the Frenzy Lightning Wolf appearing right in front of her, Yao Le’s legs went soft.


Xiong Jiao Man could only drag the girl along with her. The way forward was blocked, so she could only change directions and run towards the outside of the village.


The Frenzy Lightning Wolf was just about to pounce on them when Yao Ji arrived and threw a purple moonblade at the wolf’s back. The moonblade quietly changed into a ball of miasma and bored into the Frenzy Lightning Wolf’s nose.


The Frenzy Lightning Wolf immediately coughed twice; it was poisoned!


This was the rank three Moon Poison Gu.


The Frenzy Lightning Wolf was furious, and it raised its head and roared. The fierce roar formed into an invisible wave that smashed into its surroundings.


The Thunder Roar Gu used the vibration of sound waves to kill, but this was not the Thunder Roar Gu — it was the Soundwave Gu, which created an invisible wave of force that pushed things back.


Xiong Jiao Man and Yao Le were sent flying in different directions by the shockwave. Xiong Jiao Man struck a bamboo building and stopped moving, whereas Yao Le was sent flying past the broken eastern gate and out of the village.


She was stunned for a moment from the fall, and as she tried to get up, she saw a lightning wolf opening its bloody maw to bite her.


Aah—!


She gave a shrill scream, but at that moment, a moonblade flew over and slew the wolf.


She scrambled to her feet and saw her benefactor. It was a young male Gu Master. The lower half of his body had been buried under the collapsed wall.


He vaguely smiled at her with his blood-drenched face. In the next moment, his throat was ripped open by the swarming lightning wolves.


Tears flew down Yao Le’s face, and she cried as she ran.


This part of the battlefield was extremely chaotic.


Because of Yao Le’s identity and background, there were Gu Masters who helped her out from time to time. But they were powerless to even protect themselves, much less save her from her predicament. Her grandmother was also tangled up with the Frenzy Lightning Wolf and couldn’t come to her aid.


Yao Le’s mind had gone blank. All that she could comprehend were images of claws and teeth, flashing out towards her. In her frantic state, she suddenly heard a voice say, “Move a step back!”


She subconsciously followed the voice and was able to luckily avoid a lightning wolf’s bite.


“Roll to the right.” The voice came again.


Yao Le still couldn’t grasp the situation, but her body had already made the move. There was a snapping sound of a wolf’s mouth; she had escaped another bite by a hair’s breadth.


The voice’s instructions arrived unceasingly and the young girl meticulously followed them. She made mistakes sometimes, but when she did, a moonblade would fly over from seemingly nowhere and save her.


When there were no more lightning wolves around her, Yao Le realized that she was already safe.


But without realizing it, she had drifted far from the village and was deep in the forest.


A human figure appeared in front of her.


Her eyes immediately widened. “Fang Yuan, you were the one who helped me?”


Fang Yuan gave her an evil grin. “No, I am only helping myself.”


