Chapter 1506: Soul Explosion!


“Fang clan’s Gu Immortals?” Fang Yuan’s ears twitched at Fang Yun’s shout.


Although he had investigated that the relation between Fang Yun, Fang Leng, and Old Ghost Bai Jun seemed to be rather tense, Fang Yuan had not expected they were hostile towards each other, moreover Fang clan’s Gu Immortals seemed to be captives.


The reason Fang Yuan immediately made a move was because he recognized Old Ghost Bai Jun.


This person was a rank seven soul path Gu Immortal, by killing him, Fang Yuan could take the aperture to increase his sovereign immortal aperture’s resources and also increase his soul path dao marks. If he could be captured alive, Fang Yuan could give his body to Ying Wu Xie.


After all, Ying Wu Xie was proficient in soul path methods but was using water path Gu Immortal Fairy Cui Bo’s body, which did not suit him and limited his capabilities.


To disguise himself and make it more convenient to fight for green ghost desert while also hiding from Heavenly Court and other forces, Fang Yuan did not use his true appearance.


Instantly, thoughts started moving like lightning in Fang Yuan’s mind before getting in order.


“Looks like this spontaneous auspicious cloud is pretty good, I had just thought of communicating with Fang clan and building a good relationship, who could have thought it would send me such a good opportunity at the next moment!”


“Of course, this is also because of my high luck.”


Fang Yuan had used burning soul bursting luck before coming to green ghost desert. He did not ask Ying Wu Xie to use it, instead personally activating it. Although it expended a lot of his soul foundation, the current Fang Yuan could completely bear it.


“Save the two Fang clan Gu Immortals and take this Old Ghost Bai Jun as a captive!” Fang Yuan’s gaze brightened sharply.




He had thought of killing them all, then annexing Old Ghost Bai Jun’s soul beast group.


But now, he changed his plan.


“Fang clan? Although I had never interacted with Fang clan, it has some credit in regards to my current cultivation level. Oh well, since you encountered me, I shall save you and repay the kindness.” Fang Yuan spoke, although his voice was cold, Fang Leng and Fang Yun felt joyous.


Fang Yun’s eyes opened wide, his lips parted in a green, as he repeatedly raised his brows at Fang Leng, as if saying: “Look, he is indeed the benefactor!”


Fang Leng ignored him, as he looked at Fang Yuan and Old Ghost Bai Jun, frowning.


He thought: “This Gu Immortal’s origin is mysterious, there is no such person in my memories. If he really wanted to save us, he should have hidden his intention and saved us later. But he intentionally mentioned it, why? Either he does not want to save us and is only intentionally saying it to attract Old Ghost Bai Jun’s attention. Or, he truly wants to save us, but his nature is aloof and has complete confidence in himself; he has absolute assurance that he can save us even if he informs the enemy of his intention!”


“You want to save them from me, it will not be easy!” Old Ghost Bai Jun was furious at Fang Yuan’s words, a powerful aura burst out from his body as it brushed aside the ignited thought flying rocks and charged towards Fang Yuan.


“Commendable courage, but poor foresight.” Fang Yuan sneered, as he flew to the sky and pointed his finger.


In an instant, dozens of strange lights shot at Old Ghost Bai Jun, turning him into a sieve of holes.


Old Ghost Bai Jun did not let out any blood, instead his body gradually turned into nothingness.




“Hahaha, you fell right into my trap!” Old Ghost Bai Jun’s true body appeared at another direction. He had used an illusion to lure Fang Yuan’s attention, while his true body was hidden.


Old Ghost Bai Jun did not choose to sneak attack Fang Yuan, instead he approached Fang Leng and Fang Yun.


Didn’t Fang Yuan say he would save these two? Old Ghost Bai Jun immediately had an idea to use these two as shields.


This was the first time Old Ghost Bai Jun had seen Fang Yuan, but through the exchange earlier as well as the size of Fang Yuan’s soul beast army, Old Ghost Bai Jun knew Fang Yuan was powerful, and he was not Fang Yuan’s match in a head-on fight.


So he wanted to use Fang Leng and Fang Yun to threaten Fang Yuan, who wanted to save them.


“Crap!” Looking at Old Ghost Bai Jun approaching them rapidly, Fang Yun shouted in dismay.


But right at this moment, a figure appeared before the two immortals from the thin air.


It was the transformed Fang Yuan!


“Old Ghost Bai Jun, who is the one who has fallen into a trap?” The corners of Fang Yuan’s lips slightly rose to reveal a demonic smile.


“Oh no!” Old Ghost Bai Jun’s mind jolted fiercely as he realized he had fallen into the enemy’s trap, and quickly tried to escape.


But it was already too late.


About ten soul beasts suddenly appeared in the air, surrounding Old Ghost Bai Jun.


“Detonate.” Fang Yuan commanded with a thought.


Boom boom boom!


The soul beasts self-detonated, the terrifying power of the detonation shocking Fang Leng and Fang Yun.


The air wave that rose from the explosion, formed into a shock wave which spread in all directions.


Dust clouds rose everywhere in the desert, the dark clouds in the sky billowed outwards.


Fang Yuan had intended to use wisdom path methods to capture Old Ghost Bai Jun.


But soon after, he thought about the fact that the wisdom path method originated from Purple Mountain True Monarch. The ignited thought flying rock he had used earlier could be hidden. After Fang Yuan had modified this move, its effect had changed a lot. But if he used other wisdom path methods, it was very likely to be found out by others.


So Fang Yuan gave up wisdom path and used soul path.


His soul path methods were slightly inferior to wisdom path. After all, he only had a few soul path Immortal Gu.


But among them was a soul explosion method, which was an action of mutual destruction and had terrifying might.


Back when Qin Bai Sheng had first fought Feng Jiu Ge, Qin Bai Sheng had yet to recover his original memories and was not Feng Jiu Ge’s match. But Feng Jiu Ge was wary of his soul explosion method and did not deal any fatal blows, letting Qin Bai Sheng go.


Even Feng Jiu Ge was wary of soul explosion, Fang Yuan naturally had to grasp this method.


But he would not explode his own soul, at most it would only be for burning soul bursting luck. However, he could use soul beasts, these soul beasts’ soul explosions was a little impure and even their soul cores would be destroyed, but the resulting power was truly impressive.


“Cough cough!”


Dust clouds dissipated, Old Ghost Bai Jun was floating in the air; the greater part of his body was gone, his limbs were destroyed with only his left arm remaining, and he looked like he was at the end of his life.


“He is still alive?” Fang Leng exclaimed in surprise.


Fang Yuan sneered, it was good he was alive, he could be captured and his body could be given to Ying Wu Xie.


“But, I can’t do that in front of the Fang clan Gu Immortals.” All kinds of thoughts jumped around in Fang Yuan’s mind. The sovereign immortal body had ample aid to the mind to begin with, now that Fang Yuan had both wisdom path attainment and methods, any issue was clearly and properly analyzed.


Fang Yuan said: “You have some skills in soul cultivation. You are still alive after falling into my trap. Forget it. I, Suan Bu Jin, have a rule, that is to not take things too far and always leave room for peace, since you are still alive, then go. I won’t make a move today, now scram.”


Old Ghost Bai Jun was panting and his face was pale, he fiercely stared at Fang Yuan.


He had regretted it the moment the soul beasts appeared and surrounded him.


The enemy clearly emitted wisdom path aura, why did he think of playing tricks with such a person? Even if he wanted to plot, he should have planned carefully.


The soul beasts’ self-detonation was out of his expectations.


At that instant, Old Ghost Bai Jun’s mind was completely blank, with just one thought, that was to defend and preserve his life.


After the explosion, Old Ghost Bai Jun did not even think of the intense pain and only felt extreme joy at being alive.


But after the joy came fear and anger.


He had almost died!


His chest was filled with the fire of this anger, as well as fear towards Fang Yuan’s schemes and methods.


“Either you die or I die!” With such a thought, Old Ghost Bai Jun was just about to use rank eight Immortal Gu Soul Beast Token, but Fang Yuan actually let him go.


According to Fang Yuan’s nature, he would always wipe out and eradicate the nine generations of his enemies, but today’s situation was somewhat special, Fang Yuan was trying to obtain Old Ghost Bai Jun’s body and was also mindful of Fang clan, so he chose to let Old Ghost Bai Jun go for the moment.


Old Ghost Bai Jun had been afraid and furious, feeling that he only had a chance of survival if he fought to the end, but he had never expected Fang Yuan to actually spare him!


Old Ghost Bai Jun was immediately confused.


“Is he deceiving me to lower my fighting spirit and make me let go of my vigilance?” Old Ghost Bai Jun had been tricked by Fang Yuan once, so he doubted everything now.


Fang Yuan looked at his expression and knew what he was thinking: “You are still here! I already gave you a chance, are you really looking for your death? Hmph.”


Old Ghost Bai Jun forgot his rage, he just stared at Fang Yuan.


At the side, Fang Leng and Fang Yun who were collapsed on the back of the soul beast were also looking at Fang Yuan.


Fang Yuan was standing tall like a spear on the back of the soul beast, his hands were clasped behind his back, and his gaze was like cold lightning that arrogantly looked down on the world. He showed absolute confidence that even if he let his enemy go, he would not be afraid of the troubles the enemy might bring him!


Fang Leng lowered his eyes and thought: “This person is full of demonic aura, he is confident and arrogant, but has a bottom line and principle. So he is this kind of person, only such a person could take the initiative to expose his intention of saving us.”


Fang Yun, however, was watching with a stupefied expression.


Old Ghost Bai Jun slowly narrowed his eyes which flickered with a gloomy light.


Although his injuries were severe, most of his strength still remained, especially when he still had a huge trump card remaining – rank eight Immortal Gu Soul Beast Token!


But there was a huge price to pay to activate this Gu, Old Ghost Bai Jun did not want to use it lightly. Just now, he wanted to activate it disregarding the costs to have a chance at survival, but Fang Yuan instead let him go.


“No matter if he is truly letting me go, I need to try to escape first and see what he will do.”


“If he is just pretending, I will just turn back and stake my life against him. If he is truly letting me go, then I will just escape!”


Old Ghost Bai Jun was extremely wary towards Fang Yuan.


Even if he activated the rank eight Immortal Gu Soul Beast Token, Old Ghost Bai Jun did not have confidence to win against Fang Yuan. And it was also because he had another concern — what if he revealed he had a rank eight Immortal Gu, making Fang Yuan change his mind and attack him to seize the Gu?


All kinds of thoughts lingered in Old Ghost Bai Jun’s mind, before he scoffed and left.


He was quite fast, his broken body was like a loose arrow that quickly flew into the dark clouds and disappeared from the immortals’ sights.


“Benefactor, you are truly letting him go? He has a rank eight Immortal Gu!” Fang Yun was dazed for a while before crying out in shock.




