Chapter 1508: Divine Bean Palace


Green ghost desert.


A battered figure was flying past the surface of the desert.


“Suan Bu Jin! You actually did not chase me, such arrogance! Hmph, I will settle this debt with you sooner or later!!” Old Ghost Bai Jun’s expression was distorted and furious as he thought of Fang Yuan.


Three of his limbs had been destroyed in the soul explosion, but they were already recovered now.


It was clear that Old Ghost Bai Jun had powerful healing methods.


Suddenly, his body shook as he coughed out a mouthful of blood.


Old Ghost Bai Jun’s face was once again filled with hatred, as he said through clenched teeth: “My soul beasts, it was not easy to gather them, but now they have all been killed. Damn it! The loss this time is too huge, more importantly, the timing is delayed now, what will I do if master blames me?”


At the thought of his master, Old Ghost Bai Jun’s body shook involuntarily as fear and panic surged in his heart.


“No, I did not handle the matters properly this time, I will definitely be severely punished by master. What to do? No, I can’t let master know. I better conceal this and report after I accumulate another group of soul beasts.”


“Sigh, although I am tight on time, as long as I disregard the costs and activate soul beast token, what soul beasts can’t I enslave?”


Just as he was thinking this, a female figure suddenly appeared in front of Old Ghost Bai Jun.




“It is you, Eagle Concubine! Why are you here?” Old Ghost Bai Jun immediately panicked when he saw this person.


Eagle Concubine was dressed in a tight black clothing, perfectly displaying her seductive figure. Her face was pale white, as if she had never seen sunlight, not only was there no rosiness, her eyes even shone with a gloomy light.


She sneered: “Old geezer, you still don’t understand why I came? You have spoiled master’s plan, returning in defeat, master has specially ordered me to bring you back for questioning!”


“What?!” Old Ghost Bai Jun trembled, shock and fear clouding his face.


Sweat dripped down his forehead: “How did master know?”


Eagle Concubine sneered: “You think master handed you a rank eight Immortal Gu without any monitoring means? You are really underestimating master.”


“How could I dare to underestimate master! Hmph, Eagle Concubine, don’t try to drive a wedge between us!” Old Ghost Bai Jun shouted furiously, “Yes, I admit I didn’t handle things properly this time and caused a setback to master’s plan. But I will make up for it, there is still time, I can definitely give master a satisfying answer.”


Eagle Concubine shook her head: “You still want to make up for your mistake? Hmph, you already have no opportunity. You think I am deceiving you? It was truly master who ordered me to take you back.”


“Master personally gave the command?” Old Ghost Bai Jun was deathly pale, as he cautiously asked with a trace of hope.


Eagle Concubine nodded: “You can forget about it, how could I deceive you in this matter? Let’s go, don’t make me take action, you know master’s divine might, just return with me obediently.”




“Okay, I will return with you.” Old Ghost Bai Jun gave a sad smile as he became dispirited. He did not have any thoughts of rebelling against his master.


The two immortals set off, and after traveling an immense distance, they entered a quicksand pit.


After entering the sandpit, they continued to move down for close to a thousand li before they entered a mysterious space filled with green lights.


The two immortals used their methods familiarly, the green lights immediately changed and a golden staircase appeared from the lights.


In the green lights, the two could not fly, and had to move up the stairs step by step.


After walking nine thousand nine hundred and ninety nine steps, the two arrived in front of a palace door.


This palace was lofty like a mountain, liveliness mixed in its solemnity, its green bricks and golden tiles emitted dense fragrance of plants and trees.


And carved on the plaque on the palace door were three large words — Divine Bean Palace!


It was the Immortal Gu House of Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable that Fang clan had been conspiring to obtain for generations after generations!


The two immortals did not dare to open the door, instead kneeling on the ground, kowtowing with incomparable respect.


The palace door slowly started opening, revealing an extremely spacious hall.


There were dozens of large pillars in the hall, they were thick and sturdy, glittering with bronze radiance.


An enormous soul beast was lying inside the hall, it had a tortoise shell, four tiger paws, dragon tail, snake neck, and a human head.


Seeing this monster, the two Gu Immortals hurriedly bowed and paid respects: “Bai Jun (Eagle Concubine) greets master.”


Eagle Concubine was very respectful, while Old Ghost Bai Jun’s face was dripping with sweat as his body shook in fear.


That soul beast with disheveled hair had a ferocious expression as it let out an angry howl while staring at Old Ghost Bai Jun.


Old Ghost Bai Jun had never seen his master so furious, he plopped down to the ground and shouted: “Master, please spare me, please spare me!”


But the soul beast paid no heed to his plea, it raised its huge right paw and suddenly grabbed Old Ghost Bai Jun.


Old Ghost Bai Jun’s expression distorted from fright: “Master, master, please listen to me, soul beast token Immortal Gu is still with me, I did not lose it. This failure was my mistake, but please give this servant a chance to redeem himself!!”


“This smell, it is him! Right, it is him!!” The soul beast sensed with closed eyes, before suddenly opening its bloodshot eyes.


That long snake neck was stretched out like a pillar due to anger, the scales on it were emitting cold-eerie light.


The hall rang with the soul beast’s shout.


Eagle Concubine’s face turned pale as she keenly sensed the anger and hatred contained within this shout.


“Spectral Soul Demon Venerable… the enemy who eliminated my clan, I finally have caught you. Although you are dead, there is no mistake with this scent, it is your inheritor or descendant. Hehehe, hahaha!” The soul beast began to laugh madly.


The crazed laughter shook the air, forming airwaves that struck the hall repeatedly.


Eagle Concubine had to retreat repeatedly, this laughter shook her very soul.


Old Ghost Bai Jun, who was held by the tiger claws, was even more shocked, his eyes rolling up. But he could already sense that his master did not bring him back to punish him, it was because of that Suan Bu Jin, who seemed to have a connection to Spectral Soul Demon Venerable!


Suddenly, the whole of Divine Bean Palace erupted with glaring rays of green light.


The green rays pierced through the soul beast’s body like countless sharp arrows.


The soul beast’s crazed laughter stopped abruptly, as it gave a muffled groan: “This damned Divine Bean Palace!!”


It roared in agitation, and was about to go berserk.


Old Ghost Bai Jun was afraid he would be crushed to death in a moment of carelessness, he quickly shouted: “Master, please calm your raging anger. Please take good care of yourself, taking care of your body is most important!”


The soul beast was persuaded, gradually calming down and mumbled: “Your words are correct, I need to take care of my body. I am going to kill all the inheritors and descendants of Spectral Soul, to take revenge for the hatred from back then!”


At the same time, Heavenly Court.


Countless halls shone with dazzling white light.


Suddenly, green aurora lights shone in the pure white sky.


The aurora lights lasted for a moment before gradually dissipating.


“Heavenly Court’s atmospheric changes are never a small matter, this seems to involve Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable.” Fairy Zi Wei was in Heavenly Court, she quickly made deductions when she saw this unusual phenomenon.


After a while, she opened her eyes which had a trace of joy: “So it was Divine Bean Palace, which was put in Western Desert by Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable. This Divine Bean Palace is a rank eight Immortal Gu House and has outstanding might. It is about to appear in the world, we can’t let it fall into Western Desert’s hands.”


Fairy Zi Wei slowly closed her eyelids and continued to deduce.


After obtaining the results, she called a Gu Immortal of Central Continent.


This rank eight Gu Immortal was dressed in a green robe, emitting an aura of a scholar. From his appearance, he looked young, but his eyes were deep and wise, he was already some thousands of years old.


“Chen Yi, you are the first supreme elder of Heavenly Lotus Sect, Divine Bean Palace is making an appearance in Western Desert, follow my plan and go subdue it.” Fairy Zi Wei instructed.


“Okay.” Chen Yi bowed slightly with no changes in his expression.


Fairy Zi Wei nodded: “Do this and you can resign from your position to enter Heavenly Court.”


Chen Yi was slightly moved, revealing a trace of joy. He once again bowed, and said in a clear voice: “Then, I shall thank Lady Zi Wei.”


Several days later, Western Desert.


Fang Yuan’s soul left his body.


He moved the soul and grasped a handful of sand!


“From phantom to solid, interfering with the material world, haha, I have finally reached hundred million man soul!” Fang Yuan was inwardly jubilant.




