Chapter 151: The Nature of a Demon


“What?” Yao Le asked in shock.

But Fang Yuan had already struck like lightning, his hand chopping at her neck! She fainted immediately.

The young girl fell, helpless, and Fang Yuan quickly grabbed her by the waist. Next, he activated the Stealth Scales Gu, and their bodies vanished on the spot.

•••

When Yao Le came to, she found herself in a dark mountain cave.

She shook her head to dispel her dizziness and subconsciously tried to stand.

But she soon found that her arms were tied behind her back. The rope looped around her neck, and she was tightly bound to a large rock.

She found that her aperture was empty; all the Gu worms on her body had been plundered and refined by Fang Yuan.

She was merely a fifteen-year-old girl. With her frail body, how could she break free from the thick ropes?

Trapped in this remote and unfamiliar place, the young girl started to feel frightened.

She thought about the moment before she had fainted. Even the most naive person would understand that Fang Yuan was going to do something bad to them.

But how will Fang Yuan deal with me? What is he planning to do? Is he taking revenge because I got Grandma to trouble him? The young girl couldn’t move, but her thoughts raced.

The more she thought, the more frightened she became, and she started sobbing uncontrollably.

“Grandma, where are you? Quickly come and save me…” As she cried, she felt intense fear and loneliness.

Fang Yuan was nowhere to be seen, and the cave was filled with her cries.

After crying for a while, Yao Le thought of a possibility. Is Fang Yuan planning to trap me here? To keep me here for seven or eight days, starving me, so I will never speak ill of him again?

Too evil!

Fang Yuan, I will never forgive you!!

She gritted her teeth as her impression of Fang Yuan, which was bad from the start, fell into the negatives.

Yao Le had never hated a person so much.

At that moment, footsteps echoed in the cave.

Soon, Fang Yuan’s silhouette emerged from the shadows.

“Fang Yuan, what do you want? Let go of me now! Otherwise my grandma will deal with you.” Seeing Fang Yuan, Yao Le began struggling intensely, her slim legs stomping the ground like a deer that had fallen into a trap.

“You sure are lively,” Fang Yuan snorted coldly.

Yao Le was about to continue raging at him, but then she saw a large bear appear behind him.

“B-bear…” Her eyes went wide in shock.

Fang Yuan laughed coldly, stretching out his hand and caressing the bear’s black fur. He spoke, his voice like an icy wind. “Because of the wolf tide, it was not easy to find a wild bear. It took quite a long time.”

Yao Le realized at once. With her quick wits, she recalled that Fang Yuan had once extorted Xiong Jiao Man for a Bear Enslavement Gu.

So that’s it… She laughed coldly and was about to speak, but Fang Yuan suddenly squatted in front of her.

“What are you doing?!” The young girl tried to move away, but Fang Yuan easily grabbed her face with his right hand.

“Such a cute appearance, lovable indeed,” Fang Yuan commented.

Swoosh!

His right hand quickly reached down to Yao Le’s shirt and pulled.

The shirt was instantly torn, showing her pink undergarments.

“Ah—!!!” The young girl was stunned momentarily before shrieking loudly, frantically struggling. Even though her tender skin bled due to friction from the ropes, she couldn’t care less.

Fang Yuan laughed coldly as he continued to rip her clothes off.

Rrrrrip.

Soon, the young girl was left with nothing but a few ragged strips of cloth. Her milky white skin was exposed for all to see.

“No, no!” She was extremely frightened, crying out loudly. As she thought of all the various possible ways Fang Yuan was going to deal with her, her whole body shook and trembled.

However, Fang Yuan did not continue on as she expected. Instead he stood up and moved back.

Her loud cries turned into sobbing.

But at that moment, the black bear slowly walked towards her.

The young girl was so frightened that her pupils shrank to the size of pins. She felt her death approaching.

Whoosh!

The bear’s paw struck.

With a crack, it hit her head and snapped her thin neck.

Her head hung there, twisted at a creepy angle.

A moment ago, she was still an alluring beauty, and the next moment she was a corpse. Her warm body, still tied to the rock, was like a broken toy doll.

At that moment, even without Fang Yuan using the Bear Enslavement Gu, the bear had already lowered its head to enjoy its sumptuous meal. It was starving.

It first gnawed at the young girl’s throat, and fresh blood immediately bubbled out, splashing onto its black fur.

Next were the young girl’s white and tender breasts, like flower buds yet to bloom.

The black bear bit her right breast and tore it away in one mouthful, exposing her deathly pale ribs.

The black bear used its paws to tear apart the bones, crushing her internal organs and sending blood gushing out.

Without the skeleton blocking the way, the black bear rummaged further into her body. It nipped at her still-beating heart, then proceeded to swallow it in one gulp.

After it devoured her heart, the bear howled in satisfaction. It hadn’t been able to eat well in ages due to the wolf tide.

It lowered its head again and started to consume her internal organs wantonly.

Chomp chomp chomp.

The black bear’s mouth chewed again and again, blood gushing out from its mouth and splashing wetly onto its fur and the floor.

After a good while, the black bear finally withdrew from her torso.

The young girl’s chest was already empty and her body was ripped open to the abdomen. But towards the shining white intestines, the bear did not show much interest.

It turned to focus on the young girl’s white, slim limbs.

The bear tore off her fingers all at once, and after a few rounds of chewing, it swallowed them down.

The girl’s thighs were also a delicacy, emitting a virgin fragrance. When the bear had finished, all that was left were the white leg bones.

Her body shifted from the bear’s movements during its feast, and the girl’s head finally dropped to the ground.

To be honest, she was indeed cute. Those black, lustrous eyes; a slightly upturned round nose; skin flushed with vitality like peach blossoms; a small mouth; and white, clean teeth.

But now, her face had become pale in death. Her fine black hair hung over half her face. Her eyes were staring, wide-open, full of fear and anger.

A death full of grievance!

Fang Yuan folded his arms as he observed Yao Le’s expression, thinking of a Buddhist saying from Earth.

Without a sense of self,

Without a sense of personhood,

To be detached from all living things,

Detached from the sense of time.

Void is the red skull and white bones, skin, and flesh![1]

“Without a sense of self” – you are not special. Shatter the sense of self and realize that you are common and ordinary. This means “everyone is equal, there is no difference.”

“Without a sense of personhood” – humanity is not higher than other living beings. This means “all sentient beings are equal, there is no difference.”

“To be detached from all living things” – living things are not superior to non-living things. Rocks and water have no less value because they lack cognition. This means “all of the world is equal, there is no difference.”

“Detached from the sense of time” – everything has its own lifespan, and something’s value is not determined by whether or not it has expired. This means “regardless of whether it exists or not, all is equal, there is no difference.”

“Void is the red skull and white bones, skin, and flesh” – external appearances are without true merit. No matter how beautiful a person is, they eventually become nothing more than bones. In truth, bones, skin, and flesh are one, but people favor the appearance of skin and flesh and fear the bones beneath. This means “regardless of appearance, all is equal, there is no difference.”

This Buddhist saying was calling for people to cast aside appearances and see the truth.

Beauty was superficial. I, others, the world, and time, all were superficial. To see past the superficial was to see the Buddha.

Seeing through everything, the Buddha treated all as equal.

Thus, he sacrificed his body to feed tigers and cut off his flesh to feed eagles. This was the benevolence in his heart, for he saw all things in this world as his own, and loved them. It was his great love for everything.

Whether it was himself, others, animals, plants, lifeless stone and water, even things that did not exist. He loved them.

If mortals saw a bear eating someone, some hot-blooded youth would jump out and scream, “You beast, don’t you dare eat a person!” or “My lady, do not fear, I will save you!”

This was the mortals’ love and hatred, loving people and hating the bear. Fixated on the superficial, unable to see the red skull and white bones beneath.

If the Buddha saw a bear eating a person, he would sigh and chant, “If I do not enter hell, who will?” He would save the person and feed himself to the bear.

This was the Buddha’s love and hatred, loving people and loving the bear. Treating all as equal.

But right now, Fang Yuan was the one standing here.

Seeing the young girl’s tragic and violent death, his heart was unmoved.

He was not numb to death. He had merely gone beyond the superficial and cast away all obsessions. Without a sense of self, without a sense of personhood, to be detached from all living things, detached from the sense of time…

Seeing all living things as equal, seeing everything in the world as equal.

Thus, the girl’s death was no different from a fox’s or a tree’s death.

In the eyes of mortals, the girl’s death would trigger their anger, hatred, and pity. If the girl ate the bear, they would not feel anything. If an old lady was eaten, the pity they felt would be greatly reduced. If it were a villain or a murderer who was eaten, they would clap their hands in joy.

In actuality, all was equal, and heaven and earth were just.

Nature was fair and emotionless. It never gave preferential treatment.

Survival of the fittest, and winner takes all!

A living thing vanished. But to the whole of nature, the infinite cosmos, the long river of history — what did it matter?

Death was death. Who could choose not to die? What did it matter if it was a girl, a bear, an ant, a fox, a tree, an old woman, a murderer? They were all lowly! Humble! Mongrels!

Only by recognizing this and going beyond the superficial, arriving at the truth, would one gain divinity.

This divinity, if it took a step towards the light, would become Buddha. If it took a step towards the darkness, it would become asura.

The nature of a demon!

* * *

[1]. This seems to be a quote from chapter 14 of the Chinese translation of the Diamond Sutra, except for the last line, which I cannot source.

