Chapter 1515: Exposing His True Body


“Rank eight Immortal Gu House!” Facing Divine Bean Palace’s assault, Fang Yuan expressed shock on his face.


“Thi… This is…?!”


“Divine Bean Palace!!”


“Seriously?”


Within Fallen Flower Hall, the three Fang clan immortals were immensely shocked.


Generations of Fang clan descendants had searched for it endlessly, but now, they finally had enough clues that pointed them to it, they were about to search green ghost desert when suddenly, Divine Bean Palace appeared in front of them like this.


The Qing clan inheritance that Fang clan had coveted for generations appeared right in front of them.


The three immortals’ eyes were about to pop out, they could not believe this!


How could this happen!!


“Descendant of Spectral Soul, die!” Within Divine Bean Palace, the immemorial soul beast roared. Its anger reverberated in the palace, dozens of sturdy pillars were shaking, its killing intent filled the surroundings.


This immemorial soul beast was the master of Old Ghost Bai Jun and Eagle Concubine, the body was large and mountain-like, it had a weird appearance, having a tortoise shell, tiger claws, dragon tail, neck like a snake, and a human head.




Its hair was messy, its human face could not be seen clearly, but Fang Yuan could feel deep hatred that was converted into killing intent that burst out endlessly.


It controlled Divine Bean Palace, but the palace shined with a green light that suppressed it instead.


No matter how it roared, its voice was contained within the palace, unable to leave.


Divine Bean Palace crashed towards Fang Yuan, while the rank seven demonic path female immortal Eagle Concubine also charged at Fang Yuan from behind him.


Old Ghost Bai Jun screeched as he went all-out, calling on the two immemorial soul beasts.


The flying spider immemorial soul beast shot out like lightning, while the winged black python immemorial soul beast crashed down from above like a mountain.


At once, a rank eight Immortal Gu House, two immemorial soul beasts, and two rank seven demonic path Gu Immortals attacked Fang Yuan.


Fatal danger!


Fang Yuan’s heart was pounding, his eyes were flickering with uncertainty, his mind was filled with surging thoughts, resembling a tsunami!


He did not expect that the moment he left the Immortal Gu House, he would face such a terrifying assault.




“Senior, be careful!”


“Oh no!!”


Fang clan’s three immortals screamed, the situation was dire, they were very worried for Fang Yuan.


The soul beast attackers had been preparing for a long time, their real target was Fang Yuan, they attacked all of a sudden, Fang clan’s three immortals could not help Fang Yuan in time. At the crucial moment, Fang Yuan could only rely on himself!


Of course, Fang Yuan had never thought of relying on others.


He had a vigilant nature, he had already prepared myriad self clones within the sovereign immortal aperture. And not long ago, reverse flow protection seal was modified by him, the activation time was greatly shortened.


“But even so, it is too late now for me to activate reverse flow protection seal!”


Fang Yuan was after green ghost desert, he was with the three Fang clan immortals now, he could not display reverse flow protection seal so easily.


Once he uses it, even if Divine Bean Palace crashes into him, he would be intact.


If he did not use it, forget about Divine Bean Palace, even the immemorial soul beasts could turn Fang Yuan into pulp.


Reverse flow protection seal was a qualitative change in terms of battle strength for him.


At the moment of life and death, Fang Yuan’s alertness was maximized, but having lived for hundreds of years, he did not panic, determination and fighting spirit soared within him!


“Hahaha.” At the crucial moment, Fang Yuan laughed loudly.


Fang clan’s immortals heard this and felt Fang Yuan’s arrogance and self-confidence.


Immortal killer move – Single Thought Endless Clones!


Fang Yuan activated the killer move successfully in one try.


Swish swish swish.


Dozens of blue light silhouettes emerged from his body, scattering to the surroundings.


This was the method gained from Purple Mountain True Monarch, but the original version created purple light silhouettes, Fang Yuan had changed it.


SI


SS


The underlying reason was the countless sneak attack Gu he had added in, causing the silhouettes to turn blue, and also gain some sneakiness in movement.


At the same time, the blue light phantoms were still splitting continuously.


One turned into four while four turned into ten, they formed into a huge blue silhouette army.


Fang Yuan’s true body was hidden among the silhouettes, he could not be discovered.


“Great countermeasure!” Fang Yun praised, while Fang An Lei and Fang Leng stayed silent.


Divine Bean Palace crashed towards him like a meteor.


Crack crack crack!


Wherever it went, the blue shadows were shattered like bursting bubbles, without any resistance.


Eagle Concubine and the flying spider immemorial soul beast dodged it quickly, not wanting to face a rank eight Immortal Gu House’s charge.


That winged black python immemorial soul beast was the slowest, it was still on the way there.


Be it Eagle Concubine or Old Ghost Bai Jun, they had lost their attack target because of Fang Yuan’s clones.


“Oh?” Surprise flashed across Fang Yuan’s eyes.


He was scheming and did not go far away, he was hiding nearby, but Divine Bean Palace did not stop to use any immortal killer moves, it went directly for him.


“Coincidence?” Fang Yuan manipulated the shadows as he flew away while hidden among them.


But Divine Bean Palace turned around and went for him again.


Fang Yuan’s eyes shined brightly, he spat out a huge amount of fog, covering the area.


Immortal killer move — Directional Confusion Fog!


The Gu Immortals within the battlefield were enveloped by it.


Eagle Concubine screeched as she stopped her movement.


Old Ghost Bai Jun made his immemorial soul beasts get close to him, he was extremely nervous.


“This fog can interfere with your sense of direction, we were affected by it even though we have the Immortal Gu House’s protection, this is really impressive!” Fang Leng exclaimed.


Divine Bean Palace entered the fog but it still managed to chase down Fang Yuan, the directional confusion fog had no effect.


Fang Yuan’s move had been modified.


Originally, the fog was purple and was not big, although it could confuse even rank eight Gu Immortals.


After modification, this move had no effect on rank eight Gu Immortals, but it had an amplified effect on rank seven and below Gu Immortals. Not only did the color change, the range was greatly expanded, but the duration shortened drastically.


Because of this ineffectiveness, Divine Bean Palace came very close to Fang Yuan, it almost hit him.


Originally, due to the attack from underground, it was far from Fang Yuan.


Fang Yuan used two killer moves but could not deceive the mysterious soul beast in Divine Bean Palace, it moved very quickly and finally caught up to him.


Fang Yuan tried to dodge, he was fast as lightning, but could not compare to Divine Bean Palace, he could only watch as this Immortal Gu House filled his vision and was about to crash into him.


They were about to collide!


At this time, reverse flow protection seal was not ready yet.


Fang Yuan’s lips curled up.


Boom!


With a loud sound, an intense collision occurred.


But it did not involve Fang Yuan, Divine Bean Palace and the immemorial soul beast winged black python crashed.


“Even though I cannot confuse you, I can confuse others!” Eerie light shined in Fang Yuan’s eyes, he used this chance to activate reverse flow protection seal!


In a flash, he used single thought endless clones again, while activating familiar face, turning into a blue shadow and mixing in among them.


“Incredible!” When the fog faded, Fang An Lei looked at the scene and praised involuntarily.


There were many enemies, but Fang Yuan made use of the numbers to resist them, he was truly displaying the might of a wisdom path Gu Immortal.


“Damn it!!” Inside Divine Bean Palace, the mysterious soul beast roared, its voice was like a tsunami that shook the entire palace.


The winged black python immemorial soul beast was sent flying by Divine Bean Palace, because it had hit the sharp edge of Divine Bean Palace, its body was also snapped into two. The power of the rank eight Immortal Gu House Divine Bean Palace was evident!


Divine Bean Palace was chipped because of this impact, it became much slower, but due to the mysterious soul beast’s control, it still pursued Fang Yuan’s true body.


“What is going on? I used familiar face, but the enemy can still sense me?” Fang Yuan was deeply shocked.


Ever since Fang Yuan obtained rank eight attitude Immortal Gu, and after modifying familiar face, he had relied on it mostly without ever failing.


But currently, the enemy ignored it and pursued Fang Yuan’s true body, it was a first for him.


“Even during the tribulation, I deceived heaven’s will, what method is the enemy using to find me?”


Fang Yuan could not understand.


“No, it is not wisdom path.”


“I have ghost official garment to protect against deductions. If anyone wants to deduce matters about me, they would need to get past ghost official garment. But now, there are no signs of deductions.”


“How in the world is the enemy doing this?”




