Chapter 1518: Fallen Flower Hall versus Divine Bean Palace (2/2)


Fallen Flower Hall was inferior to Divine Bean Palace, with this impact, a huge hole formed on its west wall.


Qing Chou descended with rage as Divine Bean Palace attacked again.


At the same time, that flying spider also penetrated the surface of Fallen Flower Hall, Fang clan was in great danger now.


At the crucial moment, Fang An Lei screamed shrilly as she used the strongest method.


Immortal killer move — Empty Valley Orchid!


The entire Immortal Gu House started shrinking, in the blink of an eye, it became as small as a child’s toy.


The moment it landed on the desert, the hole created in contrast to Fallen Flower Hall’s original size, was like a tiny fish compared to the lake.


At this moment, on the surface of Fallen Flower Hall, countless flower petals appeared, becoming stalks or orchids as fragrance spread out.


Divine Bean Palace came crashing, but even though Fallen Flower Hall was right in front of it, it actually had to travel a huge distance to get to Fallen Flower Hall.


This rank eight Immortal Gu House was affected, along with Eagle Concubine and the winged black python immemorial soul beast as well.


Space was greatly expanded and stretched by several times.




Fang An Lei had her eyes shut as sweat rolled down her forehead, her expression was pale, she was trying hard to sustain the move.


“Amazing! I will deal with the flying spider.” Fang Yuan praised, coming out of the hole and flying towards the spider by taking a detour.


Under the effect of empty valley orchid, Fang Yuan was temporarily safe, he was in no danger of exposing reverse flow protection seal.


Immortal Gu Houses were different from ancient battle formations, within the Immortal Gu House, Fang Yuan could not use his methods, he was an observer. He could only act after he went outside.


“Let me see if rank eight Soul Beast Token is stronger than my hundred and eighty slaves!”


Immortal killer move — Hundred and Eighty Slaves!


Fang Yuan’s enslavement path killer move was very special, it enslaved higher ranked beasts. Fang Yuan had a soul beast army, he could enslave an immemorial soul beast.


But this flying spider was under the effect of rank eight Immortal Gu Soul Beast Token.


Fang Yuan wanted to enslave the flying spider, he was competing hundred and eighty slaves killer move against Soul Beast Token.


Once he used this move, the flying spider immemorial soul beast shook, its speed of infiltrating the Immortal Gu House became very slow.




“Impressive!” Fang Yun was joyful.


Fang Leng’s spirits also lifted.


Fang Yuan was surging with immortal aura, he activated the killer move hundred and eighty slaves to its limit, instilling the effect into the flying spider.


The flying spider struggled intensely, its control was contested between Fang Yuan and Old Ghost Bai Jun, it could not help itself.


Hundred and eighty slaves was rank seven, it could not match rank eight Immortal Gu Soul Beast Token. But the power of this move did not come entirely from Gu worms, it also depended on the number of soul beasts.


Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture had a large number of soul beasts, this increased the power of hundred and eighty slaves, allowing it to reach rank eight and rival Soul Beast Token.


Both sides were in a stalemate!


Fallen Flower Hall had landed in a deep pit in the desert, above it were Divine Bean Palace, an immemorial soul beast and Eagle Concubine, far away, there was a soul beast army with Old Ghost Bai Jun hidden behind two immemorial soul beasts.


Within Fallen Flower Hall, Fang An Lei had her eyes shut, she was frowning deeply, her body was shaking intensely, about to fall down.


She activated empty valley orchid and resisted a band of rank eight enemies, she was already going all out. Immortal Gu House Fallen Flower Hall was creaking, it could not last against so many enemies.


“The battle is really disadvantageous to my side.” Fang Yuan’s eyes flashed with brilliance.


He did not display much of his battle strength, most of his methods were still unused. If he went all out, this battle would change drastically.


However, if he was careless and exposed reverse flow protection seal, Fang Yuan’s identity would be found out, that was detrimental to his plans.


“I need to disguise my identity while resolving this crisis, what should I do… hmm?” Suddenly, Fang Yuan had a sensation.


He saw the flying spider stopped shaking, it accepted the enslavement of hundred and eighty slaves. The power of Soul Beast Token, that was fighting with Fang Yuan earlier, had already disappeared.


“What is going on?” Fang Yuan turned to look, over ten li away, he could see that Old Ghost Bai Jun was coughing out blood.


The reason was, Old Ghost Bai Jun had reached his limits, even though he was trying desperately to continue, he had no energy to spare.


Using rank seven cultivation level to manipulate four immemorial soul beasts, even though he was using rank eight Immortal Gu Soul Beast Token, it was still an incredible display. But now, he could not continue anymore.


Rank eight Immortal Gu Soul Beast Token was on par with hundred and eighty slaves, but Old Ghost Bai Jun was not, he rapidly lost in the contest.


Fang Yuan laughed loudly, after a few dozen breaths of time, he completely subdued the flying spider and obtained an immemorial soul beast.


“Senior, good job!” Fang Yun and Fang Leng felt a surge of morale.


Fang Yuan enslaved the flying spider, it was out of their expectations, but they did not feel any suspicions.


After all, Fang Yuan had manipulated a soul beast army earlier, it was understandable that he had a method to enslave immemorial soul beasts.


After getting the flying spider, Fang Yuan controlled it to attack Divine Bean Palace.


This immemorial soul beast was not Divine Bean Palace’s match, but it had an advantage in its small build, under Fang Yuan’s control, it was very useful.


However, it was difficult for the flying spider to travel as well.


It turned out that empty valley orchid did not differentiate enemy and ally, its effect also affected Fang Yuan’s immemorial soul beast.


“Is it because this move cannot be controlled freely, or has Fang An Lei reached her limits already, like what happened to Old Ghost Bai Jun?” Fang Yuan had a sense of worry.


At this moment, he felt something and turned around, seeing two Immortal Gu Houses flying towards them!


Eagle Concubine shouted in shock: “Master, let’s retreat!!”


At the crucial moment, Fang clan’s reinforcements arrived.


“Kill, kill him!” Qing Chou was completely shrouded by rage, it could not think logically, it did not care about the situation or what Eagle Concubine was saying, it only wanted to kill Fang Yuan.


Eagle Concubine saw that her master refused to retreat, her expression was pale, thinking that she was going to die here today.


Far away, Heavenly Lotus Sect’s first supreme elder Chen Yi had been observing the situation secretly, but he was also worried now.


“Oh no, oh no! Fang clan’s reinforcements have arrived, they are all high tier rank seven Immortal Gu Houses, Chicken Dog Coop and Inquiry Dock, if these two join with Fallen Flower Hall, they would create the battlefield killer move peach blossom maze. If I am trapped inside, I would not be able to escape, I would die. Not to mention Qing Chou who is trapped inside Divine Bean Palace, it is unable to use the full power of Divine Bean Palace.”


Thinking of this, Chen Yi sighed, he showed a helpless expression “To think that my first action in this trip is not to deal with Qing Chou but to help it instead.”


Saying so, green smoke appeared above his head, forming into the divine tree rapidly.


Immortal killer move — Karma Divine Tree!


The fruits on the karma divine tree shook, Divine Bean Palace shone with green light, turning the sky jade green.


Within the palace, countless green lights expanded, turning from twigs to spears, stabbing Qing Chou from all directions!


Qing Chou roared in anger, its hoarse voice carried a feeling of sadness, hatred, anger, and bitterness!


“I feel anger, I feel hatred, I am unwilling to give up, I want him dead!!!”


It was in a state of madness, an aura of power burst out within it, countless auras of Immortal Gu surged from its body, mixing together into an immortal killer move.


Boom—!


This killer move was terrifyingly powerful, it shot out and destroyed several huge pillars of Divine Bean Palace, next, the strong impact forced the door of Divine Bean Palace open!


Qing Chou roared, it finally saw the outside world through this door.


It mustered its strength and tried to get up, its snake neck was outstretched, it opened its mouth and almost extended all the way to its head, it was quite scary.


Swoosh!


With a soft sound, its purple tongue extended like a sharp blade, stabbing at Fang Yuan with a rapid speed.


The surroundings of Fallen Flower Hall were guarded by the killer move empty valley orchid, but this peculiar purple tongue sword was unrestricted, it pierced many layers of space, arriving at Fang Yuan’s forehead in an instant.


Intense killing intent assaulted him.


“I’ll dodge it!” A sinister light flashed in Fang Yuan’s eyes, he followed the hole that was created and went inside Fallen Flower Hall.


Puff!


The purple tongue sword chased him, crashing into Fallen Flower Hall and creating a hole.


But it did not slow down at all, it continued to extend, until it stabbed into Fang An Lei’s chest.


Fang Yun and Fang Leng were shocked.


Fang An Lei stared with her eyes wide open, her body was stiff, she slowly looked down at her chest.


“Friend!” Fang Yuan cried out in dismay.




