Chapter 152: Advancing to Rank Three


After an hour, Yao Le had been almost completely devoured by the black bear.


The bear was unwilling to eat the girl’s intestines and brain, but Fang Yuan needed it to do so.


According to the Man-Beast Life Burial Gu’s recipe, a wild beast must consume the entire person up to the tiniest scrap to ensure the greatest effect.


The refinement process required about ten ingredients, and the most important two were man and beast.


The human had to be a virgin girl possessing aptitude as a Gu Master. Furthermore, she had to be at least C grade, with higher grades increasing the chances of success.


Any kind of beast could be used in the refinement, though for the best effect, it had to be enslaved to ensure it devoured everything. Carnivores like bears, wolves, and tigers would work best, as they naturally ate meat. If using an herbivore like a deer or a bull, the Enslavement Gu’s manipulation would be required the whole time to force them to eat.


Once the beast consumed the human, the refinement had to begin immediately. Otherwise, once the beast digested the person’s bones and meat, it would no longer be possible.


Seeing that the bear refused to eat Yao Le’s intestines and brain, Fang Yuan snorted in displeasure. He willed in his mind, activating the Bear Enslavement Gu planted in the bear’s body.


The bear growled, but under Fang Yuan’s coercion, it was forced to swallow the girl’s brain and entrails. After that, it broke the girl’s bones to bits and swallowed them piece by piece.


The bone shards were sharp, but Fang Yuan forced it to devour them anyway. They stabbed into its mouth and throat, the pain causing the massive bear to tear up.


But enslaved as it was, it could not stop.


Watching the bear forcing the girl’s spine down its throat, Fang Yuan knew the time was ripe.


He flicked his finger, and a Single Aperture Charcoal Gu flew out from his body and into the bear’s mouth, burrowing into its stomach.


The bear suddenly whimpered as the Charcoal Gu burned its internal organs.


Its body began shuddering intensely. It cried out in agony and wanted to roll around on the ground, but the Enslavement Gu forced it to stay still.


After burning for fifteen minutes, Fang Yuan’s finger moved again and three Kerosene Gu flew out.


They were rank one single-use Gu, and upon entering the bear’s body, they exploded into large amounts of kerosene and intensified the fire burning inside the bear’s body.


The bear screamed until its throat was dry. Fang Yuan seized the opportunity and threw several more Gu worms into its body.


These were all Gu he had collected using his merit points.


The bear collapsed on the ground, completely motionless.


A moment later, tongues of flame spewed out from its eyes, ears, nostrils, mouth, and anus. The fires quickly grew bigger and enveloped its entire body. It became a pillar of flame.


The entire dim cave was illuminated by the blaze.


The flames were not orange, but instead an eerie blood red.


Fang Yuan patiently waited until the fire was nearly extinguished, then he threw out the final Gu: a rank two poison Gu.


As it fell into the fire, an intense reaction occurred.


A white ball of light emerged from the fire, about the size of a fist.


Fang Yuan quickly took out primeval stones from his money bag and threw them into the light.


The light ball digested the primeval stones, growing larger.


After he had thrown a thousand primeval stones, the light had become the size of a room door. Suddenly, it shrank.


Huff!


The fire on the bear’s corpse extinguished at once, and the cave returned to darkness. A Gu worm wobbled its way to Fang Yuan.


Man-Beast Life Burial Gu.


Rank three Gu, single-use.


It looked like a black spider with long, furry legs, but it had the head of a bear, and on its back there was a blood-colored tattoo depicting the face of a beautiful young girl.


It was Yao Le’s face.


Its expression resembled a smile, but it wasn’t. It seemed to be crying, and yet not. It appeared to be staring at Fang Yuan with a gaze filled with utter hatred!


Fang Yuan laughed heartily, not minding it at all.


Death was the end of everything. Even if she could do something to him in life, what could she do to him after death?


He opened his mouth and swallowed this Man-Beast Life Burial Gu without hesitation.


As it moved down his throat, it transformed into a stream of black-red water.


As it fell like an inverted heavenly river, it did not go into his stomach, but into his aperture.


The black-red water poured into his primeval sea. All at once, the primeval essence within was stained an eerie black-red color, full of the smell of blood.


Fang Yuan immediately activated this black-red primeval essence, sending it rushing towards his aperture walls.


10%, 20%, 30%…when 38% of the primeval essence was expended, the white crystal aperture walls shattered.


In their place, there were new light membrane aperture walls.


At that moment, Fang Yuan advanced to rank three!


But Fang Yuan did not relax. He forced the remaining black-red primeval essence out of his body.


This tainted primeval essence could not be used. If injected into Gu worms, they would die, and if left inside his aperture, it would slowly pollute his aperture walls and cause his aptitude to decrease.


After expelling all of the black-red primeval essence out of his body, he grabbed a primeval stone and used it to recover his primeval essence.


A white silver fog appeared, then it condensed into water droplets, finally forming his white silver primeval sea.


For a Gu Master, rank one had green copper primeval essence, rank two had red steel, and rank three had white silver.


But this white silver primeval sea was not pure, as there was a trace of black-red mixed in. This was the side effect of using the Man-Beast Life Burial Gu.


Fang Yuan was not surprised. He calmed his mind and expelled this white silver primeval essence out of his body, then began recovering it again.


The second time around, the black-red taint had been reduced by half.


But Fang Yuan was not satisfied, and expelled his white silver primeval essence again, forming new primeval essence for the third time.


After repeating this several times, the black-red taint was barely observable. Even if Fang Yuan kept going, this amount would remain.


It was an unavoidable consequence of using the Man-Beast Life Burial Gu.


The Man-Beast Life Burial Gu’s effect was extraordinary, able to turn a rank two peak stage Gu Master with no hopes of advancing his entire life into a rank three. It was literally changing fate, thus there had to be some imperfection.


There were still ways to get rid of this taint. The most common would be to use a Cleansing Water Gu.


Cleansing Water Gu could completely wash away any impurities in an aperture. One had appeared when the caravan visited the village, but the Chi faction had bought it.


In the short term, Fang Yuan could do nothing about it.


•••


“You bunch of useless idiots, what are you doing! How can you not find her?!” In the Medicine Hall, Yao Ji had flown into a furious rage. Her screaming caused even the window lattices and curtains to tremble.


She was worried, frightened, anxious, and irritable.


It had been three days and three nights since the battle against the wolves. The four Frenzy Lightning Wolves had been exterminated and Gu Yue Village was relatively safe at the moment. But her granddaughter Yao Le was nowhere to be seen.


Even after calling in favors and combing the battlefield and the village surroundings several times, there was still no trace of her.


The last people to have seen her were Gu Masters during the battle. They had seen her fall into the encirclement of the wolves, in danger and panicking.


Their reports suggested that her end was not a good one.


But Yao Ji was indignant.


She could not accept such a cruel truth.


If it were any other girl, she would not care. But this was her own blood-related granddaughter, someone she had nurtured since she was young to be the inheritor of her medicine faction!


She was so well-behaved and intelligent, loved by everyone. So lively and cute, bringing others joy.


Since the battle, Yao Ji hadn’t slept at all. Her mind was occupied with images of her granddaughter.


Yao Ji had originally put some care into her appearance, but in these three days, she seemed to have aged over ten years. It was as though someone had torn out her heart, and she felt the endless pain of emptiness within.


Under her screaming, dozens of Gu Masters lowered their heads, enduring the old woman’s insults.


At that moment, a rank two Gu Master walked in. “Lady Yao Ji, I have something to report.”


“What?! Is it news about Yao Le?” Yao Ji asked quickly, her eyes lighting up.


“Someone advanced to rank three. The clan leader is holding a meeting with the elders at the pavilion to confirm the situation,” the Gu Master quickly reported.


Yao Ji’s eyes dimmed. She waved her hand, saying, “It’s not about Yao Le and you’re still disturbing me? Wait…wait, what did you say…someone advanced to rank three and became a new elder?”


Halfway through, she reacted and frowned slightly.


This was too sudden, with zero premonition.


The appearance of a new elder would influence the entire clan’s political situation. It was a huge blow to the medicine faction, who had just lost its inheritor.


The nearby Gu Masters started to discuss among themselves, guessing at the identity of the new elder.


Yao Ji frowned and immediately asked, “Who advanced to rank three?”


“Lady Yao Ji, it is Gu Yue Fang Yuan,” the Gu Master answered.


“What? It’s him!” At once, Yao Ji’s pupils shrank. It was the worst possible person.


The nearby Gu Masters’ discussion grew heated.


“They couldn’t have made a mistake could they? It’s really Fang Yuan?”


“Isn’t he C grade? How could he become a rank three Gu Master so quickly?”


“If he’s rank three, he’ll be a clan elder. Next time we see him, we’ll have to bow and greet him!”


“How can this be…his rise is meteoric!”


“Didn’t they say he was dead earlier? He went missing for three days and three nights, and his corpse could not be found on the battlefield. We thought he was eaten by lightning wolves already…”


They were stunned, jealous, and confused.


“Missing for three days and three nights, without a corpse on the battlefield? Isn’t that the same as Yao Le?”


Yao Ji’s ears twitched. Though she had no evidence, a woman’s intuition told her that Fang Yuan was highly suspicious!


She suddenly changed her mind; she was going to the clan leader’s pavilion.


