Chapter 1521: Peach Blossom Maze


Fang clan had a long history.


As a super force in Western Desert, Fang clan was famous in the world for the Gu house business. It had its own unique wisdom path inheritance.


Because both mortal and Immortal Gu Houses were essentially immortal killer moves, they were made from countless Gu worms, being comprehensive in both offense and defense.


Fang clan researched Gu houses and designed new Gu houses, they were deducing new immortal killer moves, they could not do that without deep wisdom path attainment.


One could say that Fang clan’s wisdom path inheritance was incredible, after generations of research, even Fang Yuan who obtained Spectral Soul’s true inheritance could learn much from it.


Of course, even though the wisdom path inheritance was superb, the inheritor needed to be of a certain caliber.


In the current generation, not only was Fang Di Chang compatible with it, he even made Fang clan’s wisdom path inheritance prosper, becoming a great grandmaster!


He did not use any dream realms to become great grandmaster after all, he had reached it through hard work and research, step by step.


Fang clan had wisdom path inheritors through each generation, but for the last thousand years, Fang Di Chang was the only great grandmaster that emerged.


To reach this attainment level, immense talent was needed, resources alone could not produce such a genius.


Fang Di Chang and Fang Yuan negotiated, the two fought with words, it was like two sword experts fighting in an enclosed space.




Fang Yuan was suppressed gradually, it was a troublesome opponent.


“As expected of a wisdom path great grandmaster, impressive.” Fang Yuan could make Fang Hua Sheng completely helpless in a contest of words, but Fang Di Chang resolved them without any problem, nothing that Fang Yuan said had any effect.


Fang Di Chang had a clear head and memory, his logic was smooth and reasonable, Fang Yuan could not confuse him.


When people spoke, it was like a game of chess, thinking three moves ahead, some things did not need to be said, while some were crucial to the conversation to prevent twisting of one’s words.


When wisdom path Gu Immortals talked, they were not three steps ahead, they were hundreds or even a thousand steps ahead.


Fang Yuan negotiated with Fang Di Chang not just regarding his own benefits, they even did analysis of the situation, discussing the matters of Divine Bean Palace, Fang clan’s current state, and even the entire trend of Western Desert.


It was simply a debate!


These things could not be understood by the human brain, they needed to use wisdom path methods and create countless thoughts, to deduce while debating.


Fang Yun and Fang Leng were completely dazed while listening to them, thinking that these two were monsters with incredible cognition speed, they could speak without any thinking time, their words were sharp like swords, listening to them made one feel extremely stupid.


“My wisdom path dao marks are insufficient, even though I have Immortal Gu, they were obtained recently. And they are not a complete set either, compared to the other party, my foundation is too weak.”




“In the future, if I fight against Fang clan, I need to find a way and kill this person first!”


In terms of wisdom path methods, Fang Di Chang surpassed Fang Yuan. But Fang Yuan had rank eight battle strength, far superior to Fang Di Chang.


Fang Di Chang thought: this person’s wisdom path cultivation is truly amazing. If he could be recruited into Fang clan, it would be their blessing!


He felt an urge to recruit this talented individual.


If he knew Fang Yuan’s true identity and the fact that Fang Yuan was planning to kill him, how would he feel?


“Hahaha.” While debating, Fang Yuan suddenly laughed.


Fang clan’s Gu Immortals were confused, why was he laughing for no reason.


Fang Yuan bowed to Fang Di Chang: “I have heard of senior’s name long ago, it seems you truly live up to your reputation, I have learned a lot.”


Fang Yuan’s sudden change of attitude made everyone feel surprised, they could not understand why Fang Yuan took the initiative to lower his requests.


“Earlier, I was merely finding trouble with your clan. Now that you have greater skills, how could I continue acting like so?” Fang Yuan had a cold expression, even when he apologized, he had an arrogant look.


“Oh? I understand now, this person is prideful, I have finally gained his admiration. Earlier, he was just trying to retaliate. But now that he saw my strength, he has been impressed.” Fang Di Chang’s gaze flickered, he felt a deep emotion: “With this personality and ability, he is not blindly arrogant, there is great benefit in getting him to join Fang clan. But now, Divine Bean Palace is most important, his matter can wait first.”


Since Fang Yuan took a step back, both sides did not need to argue further, they quickly set a new agreement.


This alliance agreement was very strict, there were no loopholes in it. Even Fang Yuan frowned secretly, all of the conditions were clearly listed, even the use of self cleansing could violate it. It would not be easy to get free from this restriction, he would need to prepare in advance and expend a lot of manpower and resources.


Of course, Fang clan was equally bound by this agreement.


Since the alliance agreement was made, both sides became closer, Fang Yun, Fang Leng, and the rest looked at Fang Yuan in a warmer light.


“The matter of obtaining Divine Bean Palace is of paramount importance, getting friend Suan Bu Jin’s help is our blessing. I hope you will come to Inquiry Dock with me, we need your help.” Fang Di Chang invited.


Fang Yuan rolled his eyes in his mind.


This Fang Di Chang was not trusting of him after the alliance agreement, he wanted to keep Fang Yuan by his side.


A wisdom path great grandmaster is truly a troublesome person.


But Fang Yuan’s confidence was in his battle strength, he was not afraid of Fang clan. In fact, he wanted Fang clan to attack him, that way he could execute the clause in the alliance agreement — if any side plots against the other, the other party would be able to retaliate without breaking the alliance agreement.


After settling Fang Yuan’s matter, Fang Di Chang went on to repair Immortal Gu House Fallen Flower Hall, while getting more reinforcements.


Half a day later, Fang clan’s Gu Immortals worked together and repaired Fallen Flower Hall completely.


If the Immortal Gu House was damaged, repairing would be hard. Fang clan had such efficiency, they were truly the number one super force in expertise of Gu houses within Western Desert, and perhaps even the world.


Not long after, Fang clan’s reinforcements came, two rank seven and one rank six.


After stabilizing Fang An Lei’s injuries, she was sent back to Fang clan’s headquarters by Fang Chen in an unconscious state.


One of the two rank seven reinforcements replaced Fang An Lei to control Fallen Flower Hall.


This way, Fang clan had more than ten Gu Immortals in green ghost desert, with half of them being rank seven! Among them, there was Fang clan’s second supreme elder Fang Di Chang, and third supreme elder Fang Hua Sheng, they were both strong experts famous in Western Desert. There were also rank six elites like Fang Yun and Fang Leng.


This was a huge lineup, one could say that Fang clan had mobilized most of their Gu Immortals in this expedition, they were truly adamant on getting Divine Bean Palace.


After all, super forces had a lot of territory, they needed Gu Immortals to guard their resource points. Like Wu clan, even as the number one Southern Border super force, it could not easily relocate Gu Immortals, Wu Yong was kept busy because of this matter.


“Fang clan brought out so many Gu Immortals now, they must have been planning this for so long, they should already be guarding their territories by appearing to make their forces deployed elsewhere, or making secret alliances.”


This was very risky for Fang clan.


If anything went wrong and they fell for the other super forces’ schemes, Fang clan would be severely weakened, they would suffer huge losses. They might even face extermination.


“But for the sake of getting rank eight Immortal Gu House Divine Bean Palace, this risk is worth it!” Fang Yuan nodded in his mind, he approved of this action.


After resting for a while, Fang clan’s Gu Immortals moved out.


The three Immortal Gu Houses flew together, within Inquiry Dock, Fang Yuan was standing beside Fang Di Chang.


Unexpectedly, Fang Di Chang actually let him participate in controlling Inquiry Dock!


The control of the Immortal Gu House was led by Fang Di Chang and several other Fang clan Gu Immortals. Letting an outsider like Fang Yuan take part in it was the same as exposing Inquiry Dock’s secrets to him.


If Fang Yuan could learn the profundities of Inquiry Dock now, it would be much easier to deal with it in the future.


Sensing Fang Yuan’s expression, Fang Di Chang smiled: “Friend, you wonder why I trust you so much? Hehehe, actually, it is not a problem for us even if you learn about Inquiry Dock’s profundities. Firstly, we have an alliance agreement, and secondly, some things are easier said in theory, and thirdly, the design of our Inquiry Dock does not stay stagnant over time. The truth is, our Immortal Gu Houses develop as our clan progresses, they continuously get stronger.”


Fang Yuan was moved: “I have learned about Fang clan’s style of doing things today.”


Fang Di Chang laughed loudly: “Come to speak of it, I am not sure about your situation, have you been cultivating in green ghost desert all this time?”


Fang Yuan did not panic when he was asked, he had prepared for this long ago. He answered appropriately and even Fang Di Chang could not sense anything weird.


The two continued to talk while the other Gu Immortals in Inquiry Dock focused on controlling the Immortal Gu House.


“It seems that this Fang Di Chang wants to recruit me.” Fang Yuan could sense it from the other party’s tone and expression, feeling a little amused internally.


But he did not expose this, he pacified Fang Di Chang as much as he could.


“We have arrived, this is it.” After another while of flying, Fang Di Chang’s suddenly fixed his gaze as he ordered the three Immortal Gu Houses to stop.


This was still in green ghost desert, but below the three Immortal Gu Houses, there was an ordinary desert with no outstanding features.


Fang Di Chang squinted his eyes: “This Divine Bean Palace is indeed deeply concealed, set up the formation now!”


Immortal battlefield killer move — Peach Blossom Maze!


At once, the surrounding thousand li turned into a peach forest, the trees were extremely tall and the branches were extremely dense, there were no leaves or flowers, not to mention fruits, they were completely bare.


“Amazing!!” Fang Yuan’s heart couldn’t help but shake.


This immortal battlefield killer move could trap even rank eight Gu Immortals, it was very impressive.


After all, this could only be created by combining the effects of three rank seven Immortal Gu Houses.


“Oh? They are here?” Deep underground, Chen Yi’s heart also jumped.


At this moment, he had actually infiltrated Divine Bean Palace!




