Chapter 1523: Extorting Fang Di Chang


Fang clan continued to send out immortal killer moves that landed on the soul beast army. The scene was like a field of colorful fireworks.


Light shined on the Fang clan Gu Immortals’ faces, but they had ugly expressions.


“Even though there are some soul beasts killed, there is little effect overall. Their green armor can actually be linked together and split the damage evenly, that is amazing!”


The six Gu Immortals from Fang clan could not make an impact, at this time, a purple clothed female immortal flew out of Immortal Gu House Chicken Dog Coop.


“Let me try!” She shouted as she used the immortal killer move that she had already prepared.


Swoosh swoosh swoosh!


At once, poisonous clouds appeared in the sky.


The huge poisonous clouds casted their shadows downwards and shrouded Divine Bean Palace as well as the soul beasts.


Within the clouds, countless sparrows flew out like arrows, moving rapidly and agilely, they were formed from the immortal killer move.


Tens of millions of sparrows flew into the soul beast army, it was a chaotic mess.


But soon, Fang clan’s Gu Immortals developed grim expressions.




The killer move had quite a grand entrance, but its effect was low.


“Even Fang Zhi’s poisonous cloud arrow sparrow is useless, poison path does not have an effect, it seems this green armor vegetable garden has no weaknesses.” Within Inquiry Dock, Fang Di Chang frowned tightly.


He turned his head towards Fang Yuan: “I wonder if friend Suan Bu Jin has any ideas?”


Fang Yuan shook his head: “I cannot find any weaknesses either. But in my humble opinion, this Divine Bean Palace is acting differently from before, it is much more reactive now. Green armor vegetable garden is one aspect, but these soul beasts are also moving in sync and cooperating, they are defending Divine Bean Palace perfectly. The difference is too great now.”


Fang Di Chang nodded.


He knew that Fang An Lei and Fang Yuan had fought against Divine Bean Palace earlier, it could only charge around earlier and could not use killer moves, like a brute.


But now, this Divine Bean Palace was unmoving like a mountain, it was like a general in the battlefield, defending its formation and making Fang clan unable to advance.


The difference in performance was huge, the reason behind it was worrying Fang Di Chang.


“I set up peach blossom maze, but Divine Bean Palace has not reacted to it, it is merely defending, is it unable to move? Or is it stalling for time?”


Fang Di Chang was worried about the final possibility.




If they were stalling, there had to be a reason.


Because of this, Fang Di Chang made up his mind and told the Fang clan Gu Immortals who were fighting: “Come back, we will use peach blossom maze to attack!”


Peach blossom maze was an immortal battlefield killer move, it could trap rank eight Gu Immortals, it was not simple at all.


Fang clan’s Gu Immortals returned to the Immortal Gu Houses as peach blossom maze started to grow.


The empty branches started to bud as green color spread, in the blink of an eye, a lush forest had appeared.


An intense wind started to blow.


There was rustling among the trees, jade light waves started to develop.


These waves crashed towards Divine Bean Palace.


The soul beast army was forced to retreat, the desolate and ancient desolate level soul beasts at the periphery were all sent flying by the jade light waves.


Peach blossom maze suddenly changed as it became extremely offensive, the soul beast army could not resist it.


These soul beasts were roaring, but the jade light waves could not resisted by these individual beasts.


Chen Yi frowned within Divine Bean Palace: “This peach blossom maze is quite something.”


At this moment, he was still suppressing Qing Chou, he could not free himself to control Divine Bean Palace personally.


Divine Bean Palace burst out with profound light, enveloping all of the remaining soul beasts, these lights enveloped most of the soul beasts and gathered them into the bodies of the three immemorial soul beasts.


The three immemorial soul beasts seemed to have gotten a huge boost, their bodies expanded, they became gigantic monsters.


The three monsters were like mountains that blocked the jade light waves entirely.


Peach blossom maze transformed again.


The jade light waves faded as the greenery condensed into a red halo. Next, countless red halos emerged like stars in the night sky, they were blooming peach blossoms.


The peach blossoms were extremely vibrant, due to the intense winds, countless petals were flying around.


The petals slowly gathered as they formed into human figures in the sky.


“This killer move is called flowery wind warriors, friend, I would like to trouble you to control a part of them.” Fang Di Chang said to Fang Yuan.


Fang Yuan nodded, after getting the authorization, he could also control the human shaped flowers.


As for the quantity…


At Fang Yuan’s first attempt, he controlled twelve flowery wind warriors.


“Oh?” Fang Yuan’s eyes shined with surprise: “Every flowery wind warrior can be instilled with a killer move that would be unleashed upon self-detonating them when ready.”


“You are very perceptive, this is the use of flowery wind warriors.” Fang Di Chang smiled as he said.


Fang Yuan tried to use immortal killer move ignited thought flying rock.


Immediately, he controlled a flowery wind warrior as it flew towards the top of Divine Bean Palace, self-detonating by itself.


After detonating, waves of thought rocks crashed towards the ground.


Divine Bean Palace did not move, but the three immemorial soul beasts were ignited with the flames of thoughts as their bodies shook.


Fang Yuan’s eyes shined, he praised in amazement: “The killer moves are unleashed almost as quickly as by ourselves, it not only fixes an Immortal Gu House’s weakness, it allows us to use the advantage of numbers without fear of expenditure, many tactics need to be done carefully, but this move allows us to act rashly without consequences.”


While he said that, Fang Yuan moved a flowery wind warrior and rushed down, arriving at an immemorial soul beast.


Immortal killer move — Hundred and Eighty Slaves!


Once he used this move, the immemorial soul beast’s body froze, it was attacked by a formless force.


At the same time, another three flowery wind warriors descended, self-detonating into three immortal killer moves that blasted it into oblivion.


But at the next moment, Divine Bean Palace flashed with green light, the immemorial soul beast that was injured rapidly healed as its injuries were not heavy to begin with.


Difficult fight!


Even with a unique move like flowery wind warriors, Divine Bean Palace was too sturdy and firm in defense, the three immemorial soul beasts were like tough shields, regardless of their attacks, the fortress was unmovable and did not shake.


Fang Yuan had a lot of methods unused, he did not use his true trump cards, but Fang clan’s Gu Immortals did not do anything significant either, the situation went into another deadlock.


Fang Di Chang’s brows were furrowed, peach blossom maze only had three variations, they had already used the second move, but there was no change in the situation.


Divine Bean Palace’s defense was too strong!


Right when Fang Di Chang was about to use the third move, Fang Yuan made his move.


Hundred and Eighty Slaves!


Hundred and Eighty Slaves!


Hundred and Eighty Slaves!


Three flowery wind warriors exploded, Fang Yuan had instilled enslavement path killer move hundred and eighty slaves into all of them. All three moves exploded and landed on the winged black python immemorial soul beast.


This immemorial soul beast was stiff like a statue, after a while, Fang Yuan shouted and it broke free from the enemy’s control, it had been enslaved by Fang Yuan!


The second immemorial soul beast was obtained.


At once, both the enemy leader Chen Yi as well as Fang Di Chang were shocked.


Divine Bean Palace was supporting these immemorial soul beasts with green armor, they had strong defenses and could heal instantly, it was hard for Fang clan to advance.


But Fang Yuan ignored all these and directly took away the immemorial soul beast’s control.


“Friend, you have an amazing method, so enslavement path is the weakness of green armor vegetable garden. I hope you can continue to use the move.” Fang Di Chang changed his tone after pausing: “We will definitely compensate you heavily!”


Chen Yi snorted coldly: “He actually made use of this weakness, it is a pity that they are not the divine bean soldiers produced in Divine Bean Palace, we can only use the soul beast army for now. If I was using the divine bean soldiers, how could they enslave it so easily?”


Inside Inquiry Dock, Fang Yuan smiled bitterly: “I was just lucky. Earlier, I already used it to suppress one immemorial soul beast. This is the second one, I have reached my limits. To use it again, there will be a huge price to pay! I wonder… what compensation is second supreme elder referring to?”


Fang Di Chang’s eyes drooped, he tried to conceal the sharp light in his eyes as he became furious: “This Suan Bu Jin dares to extort me the moment he gets a chance! Pay a huge price? He means that he can use it again, but that will depend on the compensation that we give him. We have an alliance agreement, he cannot lie on this matter, but to think that we would be extorted by an outsider because our Fang clan lacks a strong enslavement path expert!”




