Chapter 153: Truly Aged


“He has truly advanced to rank three!”

“This rank three aura is genuine, and there is his white silver primeval essence; there is no mistake.”

The atmosphere in the clan hall was solemn.

The clan head Gu Yue Bo was sitting on the highest seat, with many elders seated in rows on his left and right.

Whispers could be heard here and there as dozens of people focused their attention on a young man who was standing upright in the center of the hall with his head held high.

The young man was Fang Yuan.

“To think Fang Yuan advanced to rank three.”

“If I hadn’t personally seen it, I would never have believed it…”

“Doesn’t he only have C grade aptitude? How could he advance so suddenly?”

“Actually, it’s not all that sudden. Did you forget that he obtained two Red Steel Relic Gu?”

“Right, he actually used two Relic Gu. Just thinking back to when I cultivated…”

The group of elders were both amazed and puzzled; this matter had caught them completely unprepared.

Fang Yuan was able to advance to rank three! He is merely of C grade aptitude, but he actually managed to have such accomplishments in such a short period of time. This is quite a surprise, Mo Chen, who was seated on the frontmost seat in the left row, exclaimed inwardly. He thought of the time a few years ago, when Fang Yuan was still in the academy and had killed one of his servants. He had already forgotten the name of the servant, but the box containing the minced corpse Fang Yuan had sent over had left a profound impression on him.

From that day, he had seen Fang Yuan in a new light. But due to his aptitude, he hadn’t expected much of him.

But now, this young man actually had such accomplishments!

According to the clan system, all Gu Masters who advanced to rank three would become elders.

A new elder was bound to have a huge impact on the clan’s political structure.

If I had recruited him before, I would be able to use this turn of events to gain political dominance. It really is a pity… Mo Chen couldn’t help but glance at the person across from him.

His old rival Chi Lian was seated there. Right now, he bore a gloomy expression, and a strange light flashed in his eyes.

Fang Yuan definitely has some sort of secret. Although he had the help from the two Red Steel Relic Gu, he couldn’t have advanced to rank three so fast. Not even Qing Shu could have done so, Gu Yue Bo pondered.

At the thought of his adopted son, he sighed.

Were Qing Shu still alive, he might also have rank three cultivation by now. Unfortunately, reality was cruel.

“The Medicine Hall Elder, Lady Gu Yue Yao Ji, has arrived—!” At that moment, the door guard suddenly announced in a loud voice.

Following his announcement, an old woman walked in through the door. Her face was pale and filled with wrinkles, but beneath her weary eyelids, her eyes were extremely sharp. She locked onto Fang Yuan in an instant.

Yao Ji spoke as she stormed forward. “Fang Yuan, you advanced to rank three? I don’t believe it! I will personally verify it, let me inspect your aperture!”

The aperture was a Gu Master’s most important secret and was also their personal affair. How could they let others inspect it so easily?

Fang Yuan turned slightly to look at Yao Ji as she walked over. He replied with a sneer, “Gu Yue Yao Ji, on what basis are you demanding to inspect my aperture?”

Back when he had just begun cultivating, his aperture was inspected at fixed intervals by the academy elder. But it was different now: he was already a rank three Gu Master, someone who was on equal footing with the other elders.

Moreover, it was very simple to verify one’s cultivation without doing so.

White silver primeval essence was difficult to fake, and his rank three aura was obvious to everyone present.

“Outrageous! You, a junior, dare to call me by name?” Yao Ji’s eyes widened. “Why can’t I inspect your aperture? With my identity as the Medicine Hall Elder and also as your elder, I have the right to do so!”

“Hmph, old hag, calling you by name is giving you respect. I still have yet to settle the score between us. You harbored a grudge against me when I didn’t sell you my Liquor Worm, and you actually wanted to plunder my Nine Leaf Vitality Grass? Hmph, I also wanted to exchange my merits for that Three Step Fragrant Grass Gu, but you prevented it behind the scenes. Now, I am also a rank three Gu Master, so you’d better stop putting on airs!”

Fang Yuan’s eyes narrowed as he spoke, his words sharp as a blade. He straightforwardly showed his hostility towards Yao Ji.

If he spoke like that with only rank one or rank two cultivation, he would definitely be suppressed and even attacked. However, the situation was completely different now; he was rank three, and his position was already equal to the other elders.

In response to Fang Yuan’s insults, the other elders chose to wait and see.

As they held high positions, they had many profound considerations. Even if they weren’t born shrewd, years of political struggle had carved shrewdness into them.

They didn’t yet have much understanding of Fang Yuan, so they chose to take this opportunity to observe him.

“Brat, you have the cheek to slander me!” Yao Ji grew furious from the humiliation. What Fang Yuan said was true, but why would she admit it in front of everyone?

Everyone watched the situation unfold. Most of the elders present knew of the matter regarding the Nine Leaf Vitality Grass and even had transactions with Yao Ji.

However, in politics, there were never eternal enemies or eternal friends, only eternal benefits.

Upon hearing Yao Ji’s retort, Fang Yuan laughed coldly and didn’t reply.

Yao Ji’s voice echoed and lingered within the hall.

The old woman was slightly trembling, the silence making her feel like she was alone!

Something had changed.

The situation was no longer the same.

Were Fang Yuan rank one or rank two, these elders would immediately jump forward to stand on Yao Ji’s side and punish Fang Yuan, showing a united front. The higher-ups would not allow anyone below them to challenge their authority!

However, Fang Yuan was rank three now, and even if the clan head hadn’t officially announced it, his position as an elder was already set in stone. Thus, his argument with Yao Ji was now an internal conflict between higher-ups.

Fang Yuan was a newly advanced elder. His foundation was not yet deep and he had no connections or backing, but this was also his strength. He had nothing to lose, so he had no fear.

By contrast, Yao Ji was old, and though she was in control of the Medicine Hall, had a high position, and broad connections, these things were also her weakness.

She was old and she couldn’t afford to lose. Her medicine faction’s inheritor, Yao Le, was missing, and the enormous assets she controlled were coveted by many.

If things were peaceful, it wouldn’t be so bad, but right now they were facing the wolf tide.

Things were turbulent. New blood was rising and the old were stepping down.

It was a time of change, and none of the elders could guarantee their own safety. Even the clan head could fall.

In the history of Gu Yue Clan, more than a few clan heads had died in a wolf tide.

As for the elders, unless there were enormous benefits involved, they couldn’t spare the attention to meddle in other people’s fights.

Yao Ji felt like the situation had turned thorny.

The hall was silent.

Due to the matter regarding her granddaughter, she hadn’t slept for three days and three nights. As she stood there, she felt an invisible pressure shrouding her body and mind, causing cold sweat to form on her forehead.

She felt like a crippled old wolf, standing alone in the wolf pack.

Wolves stood around her in the shadows, observing her with their deep, dark green eyes.

Fang Yuan was a stoic wolf who had revealed its brilliance in the battle. He was young, energetic, and ambitious.

It truly embodied the saying: “Old waves push the new waves forward, and a new generation replaces the old”!

At that moment, Yao Ji felt that she had truly aged. Very much so!

Her eyelids drooped even more severely as her imposing aura gradually diminished.

However, Yao Le’s figure appeared in her mind. She forcefully opened her blurry eyes. Her presence suddenly filled the room.

“Fang Yuan, why did you disappear for the last three days? If you hadn’t shown up, your name would have been listed in the casualties announced in the Medicine Hall, in the list of the Gu Masters who died in battle. You disappeared for three days and three nights, and when you came back, you were already a rank three Gu Master. What happened during these days? Heh heh, I believe everyone here is interested in your explanation.”

After realizing she could no longer easily create troubles for Fang Yuan, her tone became milder. However, her words were still very strong, with treacherous intentions hidden within.

After all, she was an old and powerful politician!

The elders’ eyes brightened when they heard this. None of them were fools, and Fang Yuan’s sudden advancement to rank three was indeed strange.

His C grade aptitude was, after all, known to everyone.

Yao Ji’s words brought the elders to her side again.

However, since Fang Yuan had dared to return so grandly, he had naturally made preparations.

Under everyone’s eyes, he raised his head and laughed. “Old woman, do I have to answer just because you ask? However…hearing the pitiful news of your granddaughter’s death, I’ll do you a kindness and tell you. During the past few days, I have been in closed door cultivation in Elder Chi Lian’s manor, trying to break through to rank three. He can verify this!”

“What?” Yao Ji revealed a startled look.

The other elders were also shocked, all kinds of complicated expressions appearing on their faces.

Immediately, everyone’s eyes turned towards Chi Lian.

The Chi faction head, one of the two most powerful people in the Gu Yue Clan, now appeared so gloomy that it seemed like water would start dripping out of him.

However, in front of all these questioning gazes, he knew that he needed to respond. He reluctantly replied, “It is indeed so. I can testify that Fang Yuan has been in closed-door cultivation in a secret room in my manor during these past few days.”

The instant he finished speaking, the whole crowd flew into an uproar.

The elders possessed deep restraint, so it was a quiet uproar, rather than shouting and making a scene. However, many whispers and mutterings broke out.

“To think Chi Lian actually had a relationship with Fang Yuan!”

“Fang Yuan’s advancement is related to Chi Lian?”

“It is quite likely! Didn’t people speculate that Fang Yuan had someone supporting him from behind the scenes? To think it was the Chi faction.”

“Maybe the reason for Fang Yuan’s fast cultivation speed is because of the Chi faction pouring resources into him. Fang Yuan is Fang Zheng’s older brother, after all.”

Some elders began discussing amongst themselves, while others’ minds were in turmoil.

“It turns out that Fang Yuan wasn’t a junior with no one to guide his steps, he had the help from the Chi faction. We need to be cautious about him in the future.”

“Fortunately, we didn’t jump into the fight between Fang Yuan and Yao Ji.”

“Yao Ji is in a dangerous predicament. She thought he had no backing, but it turns out he had the strongest of backers. It was actually the Chi faction!”

Yao Ji’s face was very pale. When she heard Chi Lian confirm it, she took a step back in shock, her whole body trembling faintly.

Opposing a lone elder and opposing an elder backed by the Chi faction were completely different!

