Chapter 154: Vomiting Blood in Fury


Mo Chen’s heart was very heavy.

He had thought of recruiting Fang Yuan, but stopped himself due to Fang Yuan’s aptitude.

But now his old rival Chi Lian had actually stolen his thunder. All the evidence suggested that Chi Lian had been supporting Fang Yuan for over a year.

Now his investment had paid off well, and the Chi faction had a new clan elder. How could Mo Chen’s heart not be heavy?

But he was also confused.

He was Chi Lian’s old rival; the two of them had competed since they were young. He understood the man so well that he even knew what color underwear he preferred.

Logically speaking, Chi Lian should’ve started gloating by now, throwing him smug and mocking glances. But right now, his face was grim, like he’d suffered an injustice.

This was too strange!

Just what had transpired between him and Fang Yuan? What sort of agreement did they reach?

Mo Chen was puzzled.

This Fang Yuan, his guts are greater than the heavens! To think he would actually threaten me! Chi Lian’s heart was filled with anger and confusion.

Last night, Fang Yuan had secretly approached him and used the matter of “Chi Cheng’s fake aptitude” to threaten him.

Heavens!

How was this important secret, known only to himself and his grandson, discovered by an outsider?!

Chi Cheng was only C grade, but for the sake of the Chi faction’s benefits, Chi Lian had to take a risk and show a facade of Chi Cheng being B grade.

If this matter was exposed, its impact on the Chi faction would be incalculable. Chi Lian’s integrity and reputation would be ruined. More importantly, the Chi faction’s inheritor was only C grade, meaning the faction itself had no future. Who would be dumb enough to rely on them?

Fang Yuan held the Chi faction’s fatal weakness.

When Fang Yuan threatened him, Chi Lian almost couldn’t stop himself from attacking and eliminating this threat on the spot!

But he forced himself not to. He didn’t know who else might know this secret, or whether Fang Yuan had told someone or left behind evidence at some secret location.

Pacify him first, understand the situation, then eliminate him! I cannot leave this threat hanging! That was his thought at the time.

But soon after that, Fang Yuan had displayed his rank three cultivation.

Chi Lian, shell-shocked, could only change his plan to cooperation.

Rank three was a clan elder, and if he murdered a clan elder, it would be just as serious as cheating.

Furthermore, fighting against a rank three Gu Master would take some time, and the commotion it would create was even harder to deal with.

Falling out with Fang Yuan would not have any benefits for the Chi faction. In fact, the risk was even greater.

Although Fang Yuan has a hold on me, a shared secret is also a form of collaboration. In the end, he could only grasp at straws. Fang Yuan’s threat was so sudden that he had no way to tell how many safety nets Fang Yuan had in place. He could only go along with it.

But now, Fang Yuan had fearlessly implicated him, letting him attract the attention in Fang Yuan’s place. It was really throwing him under the bus!

However, even if Chi Lian knew that, what could he do?

Fang Yuan slowly spoke again. “Gu Yue Yao Ji, I know your heart is in a mess now. Yes, that B grade granddaughter of yours is dead, and your medicine faction is now without an inheritor, and a mere C grade like myself advanced to rank three in the meantime. You feel anxious and indignant, thus your fury is directed at me. I understand that.”

“What did you say?!” Yao Ji glared at him, her anger rising uncontrollably. “You little wretch, I’m telling you, Yao Le is not dead.”

Fang Yuan laughed and shrugged indifferently. “Whether she is alive or dead, what does it have to do with me? Yao Ji, you don’t have to emphasize that.

“But!” He suddenly changed the subject. “Gu Yue Yao Ji, in order to find your granddaughter, you assembled search parties and wasted so much manpower and resources. That concerns me, the clan elders here, and even the clan leader. Gu Yue Yao Ji, we let you lead the Medicine Hall because we trust you. But what have you done? You have sent the Medicine Hall’s healing Gu Masters out to search for your granddaughter, leaving injured and crippled Gu Masters in distress. You are too selfish! Yao Le’s sacrifice is indeed a great loss for the clan. But you further worsened our loss. You are not fit to be our Medicine Hall Elder at all!!”

The words tore at Yao Ji’s heart, her weakness, her pain.

But what he said was very true.

Upon hearing Fang Yuan’s words, many clan elders subtly began to frown.

What faction did not have casualties? It was true, Yao Ji had gone overboard by ignoring more urgent business to search for her granddaughter.

“You…you!” Yao Ji was so angry that her body was trembling. Her finger jabbed out towards Fang Yuan, but she was unable to form any more words. Her eyes seemed to be spitting fire, and she had a strong urge to strangle him on the spot.

Fang Yuan’s gaze was cold and indifferent as he stared at her fearlessly.

He was returning the favor. Yao Ji had used a reasonable argument earlier to incite the elders’ curiosity about the secret to Fang Yuan’s advancement. Fang Yuan’s words were the same, and by using the strength of the clan’s rules, he caused the elders to subconsciously take his side.

To the clan elders, protecting the clan’s rules was akin to protecting their own interests.

Yao Ji’s actions in the last few days did infringe on their interests!

Fang Yuan…you bastard! You fucking bastard! Yao Ji shuddered with rage, not knowing that Chi Lian was also angered to the point of fuming.

Fang Yuan was offending Yao Ji past the point of any reconciliation. Her hatred towards him might also carry over to the Chi faction, since Fang Yuan was now “part of them”.

But the truth was, the Chi faction was innocent!

Chi Lian was not a fool. Why would he offend Yao Ji, the most senior elder with the most connections?

Chi Lian subconsciously shrank down in his chair. He prayed in his heart, May the other elders ignore me. Fang Yuan is doing this on his own, it has nothing to do with my faction!

But Fang Yuan’s next words shattered his hopes beyond repair.

He turned to Gu Yue Bo. “Clan Leader, I highly doubt Gu Yue Yao Ji’s ability to continue leading the Medicine Hall. I suggest we temporarily revoke her title of Medicine Hall Elder and hold a thorough assessment of her. Each and every one of the clan’s healing Gu Masters are precious. We cannot let her waste them like this. Otherwise, the ones that suffer the most are the brave Gu Masters that fight with their lives at stake for our precious clan!”

After a momentary pause, he continued. “Chi Lian has expressed his support for this suggestion as well.”

“What?!” Yao Ji’s pupils shrank and her face turned red.

“What?!” The clan elders were all taken aback. Did Chi Lian truly think that way? Did it mean he had been unhappy with Yao Ji for a long time, and he was using this opportunity to get at some of her benefits?

“WHAT?!” As for the person in question, Chi Lian nearly jumped from his seat.

How could he not be angry?

He was going to go crazy from Fang Yuan’s antics!

He had not only offended Yao Ji, he had even dragged Chi Lian into the boat along with him.

Chi Lian’s original attitude towards the medicine faction was closeness and cooperation. But now, his efforts were all thwarted by a single sentence from Fang Yuan!

Fang Yuan was framing and harming him. Right in front of him, he was framing, harming, and tarnishing him with false rumors!

But he, Gu Yue Chi Lian, the grand Chi faction family head, was being held hostage, and he had no way to fight back!!

“Oh, Elder Chi Lian, you support this?” Gu Yue Bo’s eyes gleamed as he asked.

Chi Lian gritted his teeth as he slowly stood.

He stiffened his neck, resisting the urge to look at Fang Yuan. If he did, he wasn’t sure if he could control his rage.

At this point, he couldn’t do anything to Fang Yuan. He had to carry on with this little show.

“On the subject of revoking Yao Ji’s position as Medicine Hall Elder, that is solely Fang Yuan’s idea. With the threat of the wolf tide, suddenly changing who is in charge is not appropriate. However, I do agree that Elder Yao Ji has failed recently as head of the healing Gu Masters due to her personal feelings. If these efforts were placed into the right areas, it would greatly reduce the clan’s losses.”

Even as he spoke, his heart was bleeding.

His own interests would not let him fully go along with what Fang Yuan had said. With these words, he had exerted all his effort to find a balance between Fang Yuan and Yao Ji.

But even so, after he finished speaking, he heard a thump.

He turned to look and saw that Yao Ji had vomited blood in her fury and collapsed.

It’s over!

I’ve completely offended Yao Ji! At that moment, Chi Lian felt like he had fallen into a chasm, his heart icy cold.

“Lady Yao Ji!”

“Someone, quickly diagnose her.”

“She just lost consciousness, it’s not an emergency. Lady Yao Ji hasn’t slept for the last three days and nights. Her body and mind are just exhausted and she needs to rest.”

The hall fell into a commotion for a while, but slowly quieted down.

Yao Ji was carried away on a stretcher.

She was already old, and had worried for so many days. With her weakened heart then triggered by both Fang Yuan and Chi Lian, it was no wonder that she had fainted.

Chi Lian suddenly spoke again. “Lady Yao Ji has led the Medicine Hall for so many years. She has worked hard for so long, and she is truly tired. Letting her rest is also for her own good. While she is resting, the Medicine Hall cannot be without a leader. I advise that we let Fang Yuan take over.”

He still stood in front of his chair. As he watched Yao Ji being carried out, his eyes shone coldly.

Since he had already offended her, then why not go for broke! To prevent the medicine faction’s revenge, he might as well suppress them entirely. This was the attitude of someone in power, the resolve and wisdom of an expert in politics.

The hall fell into brief silence.

Yao Le’s death and Yao Ji’s downfall showed that the medicine faction was on an imminent decline. The cruelty of politics was even more heartless than the wolf tide.

Fang Yuan was silent as well.

Make him the Medicine Hall Elder? Heh. Chi Lian was not serious. Letting a newly advanced elder hold such an important role? Maybe if the other elders and clan leader were all retarded.

Chi Lian had said it on purpose, with deep intentions.

As expected, in the next moment, Gu Yue Bo declared, “Leadership of the Medicine Hall will temporarily pass to Elder Chi Zhong. Fang Yuan’s cultivation has indeed reached rank three, and in accordance with the clan rules, he shall also assume the role of clan elder. Send out the news, and let the entire village rejoice.”

After speaking, Gu Yue Bo stood up and left.

“Congratulations, congratulations…” After the clan leader left, the clan elders all walked towards Fang Yuan, cupping their fists with faces full of smiles.

Fang Yuan cupped his fist as well, replying with a warm smile of his own.

