Chapter 155: Borrowing


“Congratulations, congratulations.”


“Elder Fang Yuan, you are young and promising. You are definitely a role model for the younger generation!”


“Haha, we truly anticipate your brilliance as we work together from now on.”


The group of elders surrounded Fang Yuan and spoke customary words.


The academy elder stood at the edge of the crowd, his expression complicated as he looked at Fang Yuan.


He had never expected Fang Yuan to become an elder. Of the students from that year, he had been most optimistic of Fang Zheng, followed by Chi Cheng and Mo Bei.


But to think that the one who was the first to achieve success was actually Fang Yuan!


“How could these little achievements of mine compare to the elders? I still need to thank the clan’s teachings for today’s achievements. Academy Elder, I have always engraved your words in my heart.” Fang Yuan wore a warm smile, and he spoke modestly and prudently.


The academy elder hadn’t expected this punk to take the initiative to greet him.


He was stunned for a moment before a gratified expression appeared on his face. “Looks like you have matured a lot in the last few years, Elder Fang Yuan. Keep up the good work. I am proud of your achievements. The clan needs new blood like you.”


Fang Yuan sincerely thanked the academy elder again and continued speaking with the other elders.


With his five hundred years of experience, putting on such an act was very easy.


He had a sense of propriety, his words were gentle and his attitude was humble, making all those who heard him feel like they were basking in a spring breeze.


Chi Lian watched coldly. The more he observed, the more frightened he became. Fang Yuan knew how to handle things, and every word and sentence were as if spoken by a veteran. Was he really just in his teens? Could he be a born politician?


The academy elder was astonished as well. He thought back to Fang Yuan’s time at the academy. The boy had been so rebellious, and had even exploited his own classmates. It had given him countless headaches. But the person who stood here before him seemed to have completely changed.


In contrast, Mo Chen wasn’t surprised. After all, he’d already experienced Fang Yuan’s political prowess.


Right now, as he observed Fang Yuan’s cultured and gentle behavior, and his ability to work the crowd, he kept sighing and thinking that Chi Lian had made a great move.


The exchanges continued on for some time. But no matter what the elders thought or what positions they held, they couldn’t help but look at Fang Yuan in a new light. The main thought running through their minds was that rumors were really unreliable!


In the end, Fang Yuan tactfully rejected some of the elders’ invitations and left the pavilion with a smile together with Chi Lian.


When they reached Chi Lian’s study, Chi Lian couldn’t pretend anymore. The smile on his face was replaced by fury. “Hmph, are you satisfied now? After pulling down Yao Ji, you even dragged my Chi faction into hot water!”


Fang Yuan sat down in the study and smiled leisurely. “You should thank me. Yao Ji’s loss is your gain.”


Chi Lian’s eyes flashed. “Hmph, young man, your thoughts are too simple. Chi Zhong may be a member of my faction, but his wife is of the Yao faction. The clan head appointed him as the temporary Medicine Hall Elder precisely because he wants to balance out the internal strife between our factions. How did you find out about Chi Cheng?” Chi Lian suddenly asked.


He watched Fang Yuan’s reaction like a hawk.


Fang Yuan unconcernedly shrugged his shoulders. “Old man, I don’t have many primeval stones left, give me three thousand.”


Bang.


Chi Lian fiercely slammed the table. He lowered his voice and roared, “Fang Yuan! Don’t think that you can extort my Chi faction just by knowing that secret. I am old and don’t have long to live, so at worst I will just give up my life! Hmph, I can accept cooperation, but I won’t be threatened!


“I won’t allow what happened today to happen again! If you recklessly make enemies and pull my Chi faction into your messes, you will regret it! You really think that secret can destroy my whole faction? Heh, don’t be so naive.”


Fang Yuan didn’t reply. His eyes remained distant as he let Chi Lian continue to berate him.


When he had first slammed the table, his aura was astonishing, like that of a tiger, but as he continued to speak, he seemed to grow weaker and weaker. In the end, he trailed off, as though lacking in confidence.


Only when he no longer spoke did Fang Yuan leisurely smile and say, “Old man, don’t get so angry. I am indeed short of money recently, and I am not asking these three thousand primeval stones for free, I am just borrowing them. I can even sign a receipt for the loan.”


Chi Lian snorted and softened his tone. “You won’t lack primeval stones. You have just become an elder and don’t know the preferential treatment the clan gives to us. As long as you are an elder, you will receive a hundred primeval stones every week. Or you would in ordinary times, but as we are in a wolf tide, you will receive three hundred instead.


“Not only that, you can also freely take a rank three Gu worm from our storage. Similarly, the clan’s rank one to rank three recipes will be opened to you. You can choose any recipe that you like and refine your rank three Gu worm. There are also other privileges, for example: ordinary Gu Masters can only marry one wife, but an elder can have one wife and two concubines.”


“I see.” Fang Yuan knew this, of course, but he pretended it was the first time he’d heard it.


“But even so, I still want to borrow three thousand primeval stones. You also know that I just advanced to rank three. Refining a rank three Gu worm consumes a great amount of primeval stones,” Fang Yuan replied “sincerely”.


Chi Lian reflected on this.


Since he is now an elder, he won’t default on his debt. Surely he cares about his reputation. But what if he dies in the wolf tide, then wouldn’t my three thousand primeval stones go to waste? Wait, won’t it be better if he dies? Then I can continue to hide Chi Cheng’s aptitude. But how did he learn this secret? Is there anyone else who knows of it? I’d better lend the money to him first and lower his guard, then I can probe him.


After he finished thinking, he didn’t argue anymore and immediately took out a brush and paper.


Fang Yuan wrote the receipt for the loan and signed it with his fingerprint.


Chi Lian called for his butler and gave him some orders. Soon, several money bags full of primeval stones were brought to the study.


Fang Yuan weighed each money bag and didn’t find any problems.


He truly needed these primeval stones.


He had almost spent all his savings refining the Man-Beast Life Burial Gu. These three thousand primeval stones were timely assistance.


He had just advanced to rank three, and he needed to refine a rank three Gu worm. Only then could he truly possess the power of a rank three Gu Master.


He already had a rough plan. Three thousand primeval stones might not be enough. However, it wasn’t urgent, and the Chi faction would be his great money farm.


The primeval stones he borrowed this time were only the start. If it happened once, it could happen again. The first time was difficult, but every time after that would be easier.


As for paying the debt, hehe…


Fang Yuan wasn’t in a hurry to leave after getting these primeval stones. He smiled again. “There’s something else.”


“Don’t go overboard.” Chi Lian’s face turned grim, but in the end, he still asked. “Speak, what is it?”


Fang Yuan’s eyes narrowed. “Cleansing Water Gu,” he said candidly.


There was a Cleansing Water Gu during the previous caravan visit, and if he considered who was most likely to purchase this Gu, it would be Chi Lian.


He used his own primeval essence to nurture his grandson’s aperture and advance his cultivation. This resulted in mixed auras in the aperture, which needed to be purified by the Cleansing Water Gu.


“That’s not possible!” Chi Lian firmly refused.


He indeed bought that Cleansing Water Gu, but he had done so for his grandson. If he wanted to buy it again, he could only rely on fate.


“Don’t refuse so quickly.” Fang Yuan laughed. “I believe that you — Lord Gu Yue Chi Lian, the head of Chi faction — know which is more important: a Cleansing Water Gu, or the Chi faction’s reputation.”


Chi Lian’s face darkened, the aura around him turning cold as he glared at Fang Yuan and ground his teeth. “Fang Yuan, I know what you are trying to do. You are blackmailing me, blackmailing the head of the grand Chi faction!”


“No, no, this isn’t blackmail, it’s a discussion. I’m only borrowing the Cleansing Water Gu, and will return to you a new one in the future. I can sign a loan receipt for this as well,” Fang Yuan chuckled. However, his tone was firm, showing his determined will.


“Don’t even imagine it!” Chi Lian’s attitude was also firm.


•••


After an hour, Fang Yuan walked out of the Chi family manor with three thousand primeval stones and a Cleansing Water Gu.


Chi Lian was sitting in his study, looking at the two receipts on the table. The indignation in his heart was like a surging river, overflowing endlessly.


Fang Yuan had a hold on the Chi faction, which put Chi Lian in an extremely passive situation. His victory today was reasonable.


Three days later.


Fang Yuan sat cross-legged on his bed, white light shining upon his face.


A white ball of light was floating in mid-air — the refinement process had reached its end stage.


Fang Yuan used his consciousness to maintain the ball of light while throwing primeval stones into it.


The ball of light suddenly faded away and a whole new Gu worm flew into Fang Yuan’s palm.


Its appearance was like a large ladybug. Its semi-circular, milky-white carapace was decorated with dark spots.


It was quite big, about the size of an adult’s fist.


Rank three Sky Canopy Gu!


“I’ve finally succeeded.” Fang Yuan nodded his head in satisfaction. This was his second time trying this refinement.


The Sky Canopy Gu was refined from the fusion of the rank two White Jade Gu and a water-based defensive Gu.


On the first attempt, Fang Yuan had used the Water Shield Gu and White Jade Gu. But it had failed, resulting in the death of the Water Shield Gu.


The defensive water Gu he used this time had been purchased with his battle merits.


However, this Sky Canopy Gu wasn’t Fang Yuan’s first rank three Gu worm. That had been obtained directly from the clan.


After one advanced to rank three and became an elder, the clan would bestow them with a rank three Gu worm.


Fang Yuan used this chance to pick a Thunderwings Gu.


The clan had obtained it as spoils of war after the elders had killed one of the Frenzy Lightning Wolves. Its ability was to materialize a pair of wings made of lightning and give the user the ability to fly for a short duration.


With this movement Gu, Fang Yuan’s final combat shortcoming was fixed.


