Chapter 156: Digital Shade Recipe, Flower Wine Mystery


“Lord Fang Yuan, this is the way to the secret room. Please, come with me.” In the dark, eerie tunnel, an old rank two Gu Master led the way.

The secret room, which held all the Gu refinement recipes that the clan possessed, was not far ahead.

Fang Yuan had advanced to rank three, so his status had performed a one-eighty. He now had the authority to look at all the recipes known to the clan, so long as they were not rank four or five.

Rank one and two Gu Masters would need to pay primeval stones or merit points to visit.

The secret room lay beneath the village, in a very hidden location. Even if the village was eradicated, it would still remain.

Long ago, the Gu Yue founder discovered a primeval essence spring inside this underground cave, driving the decision to build his village here.

Through generations of growth and development, the cave had been expanded into a secret base.

Normally, ordinary Gu Masters were not allowed to come here. Only elders, the clan leader, and the Dark Hall’s Gu Masters, who were in charge of protecting the place, had such authority.

Many Gu Masters had only been there once in their lives.

That was during the Awakening Ceremony, when youngsters would come to the spring hoping to awaken their apertures.

Otherwise, unless there was a special reason, entry to this underground cave was prohibited. Even the Gu Masters assigned to guard it were picked after careful consideration.

After all, the primeval spring in this underground cave was the entire foundation of Gu Yue Village. It produced the primeval stones that sustained the cultivation of the entire clan.

In the tunnel, two sets of footsteps could be heard.

In the distance echoed the sound of a river flowing.

A moment later, the Gu Master leading the way brought Fang Yuan to a stone door.

He patted his belly, and a Gu worm flew out of his aperture. Sparks flickered as it knocked on the door.

The stone door’s surface rippled, as though it were water disturbed by a thrown rock. After a few moments, the door gradually faded till it was mostly transparent, revealing the secret room behind it.

The room was fairly large, about one mu[1] in size. Every few steps, there was a stone table half the height of a person. On each table lay a number of white jade plates, and on each plate there was a Gu worm resting silently.

The Gu worms came in several different colors, but they were otherwise the same: something like a silkworm the size of a fist. On their heads, they had two compound eyes like that of a bee or dragonfly, colorful as painted glass. However, unlike actual silkworms, they were covered in carapace that bore a faint golden luster.

“Lord Fang Yuan, this is your first time in the secret room, so let me explain. These are rank two Digital Shade Gu. Each of them records the clan’s recipes. The green Digital Shade Gu contain rank one recipes, the red-black ones rank two, the white ones rank three, and the orange rank four. As for the rank five recipes, they are in the purple Digital Shade Gu in the most central area,” the old Gu Master explained.

Digital Shade Gu was a type of Gu worm that could record information. If it was refined to rank three, it would become the Photo-Audio Gu, and would become capable of storing sound as well as video. The Flower Wine Monk had left such a Gu in the rock crack secret cave to record the details of his inheritance.

But to record recipes, sound was not necessary, thus the Digital Shade Gu was enough.

Refinement recipes were very precious. If they were recorded using paper, they could be more easily stolen, and the thief would then be able to refine the Gu Yue Clan’s specialty Gu worms.

Knowing one’s enemies led to easier battles. An experienced Gu Master could learn about the strengths and weaknesses of a Gu worm from the refinement recipe.

If they were leaked, the clan’s losses would be severe. In future battles, the clan’s Gu Masters might find themselves at a disadvantage.

Thus, recipes were strictly controlled, classified by rank, and stored appropriately.

Digital Shade Gu were easy to refine and feed, so they were a common method to store recipes.

“Lord Fang Yuan, these Digital Shade Gu all belong to the Secret Hall Elder. However, you can still use your primeval essence to activate them and browse their contents. But with your current authority, you cannot look through the rank four and five recipes. There are also two more things. First, the secret room is a highly-protected area, your every action here is being monitored. Second, you may only stay here for fifteen minutes each day. Once the time is up, you must leave,” the Gu Master continued.

“Mm, I understand,” Fang Yuan nodded.

“Lord Fang Yuan, I have no authority to enter, thus I will wait at the door. Once the time is up, I will bring you out.” The old man bowed.

Fang Yuan walked into the secret room. Once he entered, the stone door turned solid once again, trapping him in the room alone.

As he walked in the secret room, it was peaceful. The echoes of his footsteps could be heard bouncing off the walls.

Water Light Gu were positioned at intervals, their bodies emitting a radiance that rippled and flickered as if it was passing beneath the surface of the ocean.

Fang Yuan took a red-black Gu worm and injected his white silver primeval essence inside. Immediately, two beams of light shot out from the Digital Shade Gu’s compound eyes.

He held the Gu so that its eyes pointed at the white jade plate on the table.

As the light landed on the plate, it fluctuated for a moment before words started to appear.

They described the Moonscar Gu.

First it listed the Moonscar Gu’s strengths and weaknesses. It had double the range of the Moonlight Gu, but subpar attack power for its rank.

Next was the refinement recipe: it was refined from fusing a Moonlight Gu and a Scar Rock Gu.

Next were important notes about the refinement. If, during the process, some jade rock was added, or it was done beneath abundant moonlight, there would be a higher chance of success.

Lastly were recorded the experiences of Gu Masters who had attempted the refinement. This was the longest section, at nearly ten thousand words.

Fang Yuan looked through it and engraved some of their insights in his heart.

They were, after all, the fruits of the effort and experimentation of many people, gathered from countless attempts. There were some things that even he did not know.

After all, the Moonlight Gu and its refinements were unique to the Gu Yue Clan. In his previous life, he had never become an elder or otherwise browsed the recipes here.

Time was limited, so Fang Yuan quickly finished and placed the Digital Shade Gu back in its spot. He then started going through the white Gu.

These contained rank three refinement recipes.

Most of them did not suit Fang Yuan, as they needed Gu worms like Moonwhirl or Moonscar Gu as the base. To save time, he did not read them closely and merely skimmed through.

He had first used the Moonlight Gu and two Little Light Gu to refine the Moonglow Gu. With that as a base, there were only three recipes worth using.

First was the rank three Golden Moon Gu. It possessed the same ten-meter range as its predecessors, but its attack power was increased once again. The golden moonblade it produced would be larger as well, nearly half the height of a man, and it would have an imposing aura.

Second was the Frost Moon Gu. The moonblade would become a chilly white, imbued with ice. A creature cut by it would be infused with cold, and their movements would be slowed.

The third was the Illusory Moon Gu. This Gu was more unique: it was not used to attack. Instead, it created a shadow clone of the Gu Master, useful for distractions and confusing one’s enemies.

The recipe further noted that it could be refined into the rank four Moonshadow Gu.

There were only some vague notes about the Moonshadow Gu in the recipe: “The Moonshadow Gu can be implanted into a Gu Master’s aperture to suppress their primeval essence…”

Moonshadow Gu…isn’t that the Gu worm used by the fourth generation clan leader to sneak attack the Flower Wine Monk? Fang Yuan frowned deeply.

In this world, there were countless Gu worms. Even with his five hundred years of experience, he only knew a fraction of a fraction of all the Gu worms in the world.

He could only vaguely guess at the Moonshadow Gu’s effects from the Flower Wine Monk’s recording, but now that he had proper information, suspicion rose in his heart.

According to this recipe, the Moonshadow Gu was able to suppress 60% of a rank three Gu Master’s primeval essence, 30% of a rank four Gu Master’s, and 15% of a rank five’s. That meant that a C grade talent like Fang Yuan, who by definition did not possess more than 60%, would be completely cut off from their primeval essence. They would be as good as crippled.

Of course, if it were used on Fang Yuan, it would truly be throwing a meat bun at a dog. What was gone would never come back.

Because once the Moonshadow Gu entered his aperture, the Spring Autumn Cicada would demonstrate its dominance, and under its aura, he could instantly refine it and make it his own.

What puzzled Fang Yuan was not the Moonshadow Gu’s effect, but the Flower Wine Monk.

I remember that in the recording, the Flower Wine Monk was bathed in blood and covered in injuries. But he only had mild injuries after battling the fourth generation clan leader and the elders. I thought his more severe injuries were caused by this Moonshadow Gu, but to think that it merely cripples its victim’s primeval essence. Then where did the Flower Wine Monk get his severe injuries from?

Fang Yuan’s thoughts were meticulous, and the more he thought about it, the more confused he became. What had actually happened after the Flower Wine Monk escaped?

The Moonshadow Gu was not the cause of his death. So then, what was?

Suddenly, the Flower Wine Monk’s inheritance, which he thought he’d understood, had become a complete mystery.

“Lord Fang Yuan, it has been fifteen minutes, I believe you have had some gains. Please come again tomorrow if you need to see more.” At that point, the door became illusory once again, and the old Gu Master called respectfully from the threshold.

“Okay.” Fang Yuan’s eyes gleamed as he put down the Digital Shade Gu, leaving the secret room.

Regardless of whether it was the Golden Moon Gu, Frost Moon Gu, or Illusory Moon Gu, they were not what he wanted. The reason was that they consumed moon orchid flower petals.

Moon orchid flower petals were hard to store, as they only lasted for a few days before withering. Fang Yuan planned to leave the Gu Yue Clan and roam the world. If he refined these Gu, they would die of starvation in half a year. In that case, he might as well not refine them at all.

However, there were still rank three recipes that he hadn’t seen.

It seems I’ll have to come back tomorrow.

* * *

[1]. ~666 m2

