Chapter 157: Blood Moon Gu


The next day, he returned to the secret room.

On the shiny white jade plate, a recipe was projected: Blood Moon Gu.

It was refined using the rank two Moonglow Gu and a Blood Qi Gu.

The moonblade it produced would remain the same size as before and glow blood red. The injuries it inflicted would bleed continuously.

That’s it. Fang Yuan’s gaze swept over the information till he had memorized it. Then he closed his eyes and mentally recited it before opening his eyes to check if he had remembered it properly. After several rounds, he had completely committed it to memory without errors.

Compared to the Golden Moon Gu, Frost Moon Gu, and Illusory Moon Gu, which could be called the classic advancement paths, this Blood Moon Gu was much more unorthodox.

There were almost a hundred thousand words detailing the refinement experiences of past Gu Masters for the former three. But this Blood Moon Gu barely had a few thousand.

From this, one could see that Gu Masters who chose this Blood Moon Gu were rare.

The Blood Moon Gu’s attacking capability was average. It still only had a ten meter range, and even the bleeding effect wasn’t optimal.

Gu Masters from rank one to five had limited primeval essence and could not keep fighting in prolonged engagements, so continuous bleeding, in a real battle, was only a small problem. Gu Masters experienced in healing could even counter it.

Furthermore, the Blood Moon Gu had a rather large flaw.

Once a month, for a few days, blood would ooze out of it. During this period, its attack power would be reduced to a third of usual.

But it had an advantage that outweighed everything else.

It was easy to feed, much easier than the Gu he had seen yesterday.

The food it needed was no longer moon orchid flower petals, but fresh blood.

Although it required a lot, it was not limited to a specific kind of blood. In the Western Desert it might be a problem, but the Southern Border was full of wild beasts.

One could simply kill them and take their blood. The Blood Moon Gu’s food could be found everywhere.

Now all I have to do is refine it.

He already possessed the Moonglow Gu, but the Blood Qi Gu would be slightly harder to find.

It was a very precious Gu, as it could replenish a Gu Master’s blood. Gu Masters who used it recovered quickly from injuries, so they had much higher survivability than their peers.

Xiong Jiang had badly wanted this Gu.

If it was combined with his Roaming Zombie Gu, the Blood Qi Gu would greatly reduce the side effects of being a zombie. He could maintain his zombie state for much longer periods without any backlash.

Even though he was a well-off and somewhat famous Gu Master, his wish was not fulfilled before he died.

Fang Yuan looked at the Digital Shade Gu on the stone tables again.

There was still ample time left for his visit today. He had only spent five minutes so far, so he still had ten left.

The yellow Digital Shade Gu recorded rank four recipes, and the purple Digital Shade Gu recorded rank five recipes.

The owner of these Digital Shade Gu was always the current Secret Hall Elder. But the clan itself took responsibility for feeding them.

Gu worms could be borrowed, as long as the will contained in the Gu worm allowed it.

The will in the Digital Shade Gu came from the Secret Hall Elder. That elder acknowledged that Fang Yuan had the authority to use some of the Digital Shade Gu, thus he was allowed to activate them.

But as the Secret Hall Elder did not think Fang Yuan had the authority to browse the rank four and five recipes, those Digital Shade Gu would not react if he tried to use them.

The truth was that one could gain recognition even from wild, natural Gu worms.

Beast kings took advantage of this, borrowing the abilities of the Gu worms that lived on their bodies. And there were examples with humans as well, such as the tale of Jiang Fan and the rank five River-Swallowing Toad.

Of course, Fang Yuan could rely on the Spring Autumn Cicada’s aura to refine these Gu worms and obtain the recipes.

But Fang Yuan could not yet handle the consequences of doing so. The benefits of doing so were not sufficient to tempt him either.

Actually the most precious recipe is not any of the rank four or five recipes, but how to reverse refine a Moonlight Gu. This Gu originated from the founder and formed the basis of the clan’s cultivation for hundreds of years, Fang Yuan thought.

Gu refinement involved fusing low-ranking Gu worms into higher-ranking ones, while reverse refinement turned high-ranking Gu worms back into their lower forms.

Depending on the processes and other factors involved, reverse refinement could produce entirely different Gu worms than the ones traditionally used in a refinement.

The Moonlight Gu was not a natural Gu worm, but rather something that the founder created through reverse refinement.

Most of the Gu worms in the world were new species created by Gu Masters from natural Gu worms. Thus, even with the long experience of his previous life, he still knew very little of the whole of Gu ecology.

And each clan would definitely have one or more unique Gu worms. They would not be rare natural species, but something new created through reverse refinement.

With such a Gu as the foundation, Gu Masters could develop a strength unique to their clan.

The Gu Yue Clan’s Moonlight Gu, the Xiong Clan’s Bear Strength Gu, the Bai Clan’s Stream Gu, they were all the same.

If they used a common and well-known Gu worm, they would be easy to deal with, and easily targeted.

A clan’s foundation lay in three things. Firstly, in the primeval spring, as it could produce primeval stones. Secondly, in a unique Gu worm, which could prevent others from completely deciphering their strength. Lastly, in their bloodline. Blood was what tied the clan together.

Thus, don’t look down on the rank one Moonlight Gu: the worth of its reverse refinement recipe was far greater than rank four or five recipes.

This recipe would usually only be known to the clan leader and the most loyal elder of the same generation. A Digital Shade Gu would also record it, but it would be hidden appropriately.

Fang Yuan could obviously not obtain the recipe from this secret room.

This recipe is very valuable. If I can obtain it before I leave, that would naturally be best. But I do not have to force it. Fang Yuan was quite clear on this.

For starters, he was not planning to create an organization or force. The Moonlight Gu’s recipe, to him, was not a necessity.

However, the Blood Moon Gu and the other rank three recipes are what I need.

Although Fang Yuan was rank three now and had white silver primeval essence, he could not display the true strength of a rank three Gu Master until all of his Gu worms were rank three.

I have the Thunderwings Gu and Sky Canopy Gu, so if I manage to refine the Blood Moon Gu, I will have three rank three Gu worms. But that is nowhere near enough.

Ordinary Gu Masters could rely on the clan. Thanks to the cooperation of their clansmen, they only needed three or four Gu worms.

But Fang Yuan wanted to roam the Southern Border. With his experience, he knew that to deal with any situation that might arise, he would need Gu worms covering six categories: attack, defense, healing, storage, recon, and movement.

For attack, the Blood Moon Gu barely qualified. For defense, he had the Sky Canopy Gu. Movement-wise, even though the Thunderwings Gu consumed a lot of primeval essence, it could allow temporary flight and was very powerful.

For healing, the Nine Leaf Vitality Grass was slightly weak. It was, after all, a rank two Gu, and even its rank three refinement was not satisfactory for Fang Yuan.

Its healing was not outstanding. Its only advantage was that it was a money tree, producing rank one Vitality Leaves which he could sell for a continuous supply of primeval stones.

But in the future, Fang Yuan would travel to places where there were no people, so even if he created Vitality Leaves, there would be no one to buy them.

For recon, the Earth Communication Ear Grass was an exceptional rank two Gu with a massive range, so it was still usable at rank three.

For storage, Fang Yuan had no such Gu. It was also the most important Gu of the six, because supplies were of the utmost necessity for both his cultivation and for the other five Gu.

He needed to store food for his other Gu worms, supplies for himself, and primeval stones.

Without primeval stones, Gu Masters would lose the power to cultivate.

So far, he’d had no luck with a storage Gu. Before he obtained something satisfactory, he would not leave the village.

On Gu worms for storage, they must meet several conditions. The first is wide utility, able to store both food and primeval stones. Next, they have to be easy to feed. Lastly, it is best if they have the ability to preserve the items stored. But even on the merit boards of all three clans, there’s nothing that I like. It seems I can only make further use of the Chi faction and squeeze them dry.

Once fifteen minutes was up, Fang Yuan walked out of the tunnel, pondering.

“Lord Fang Yuan, hello.” A middle-aged Gu Master stood outside, waiting for him.

“You are?”

The person smiled. “I am Gu Yue Chi Zhong, the current acting Medicine Hall Elder.”

So this is him, Fang Yuan realized, inspecting him closely.

Chi Zhong had a proper appearance and a square face, giving off an aura of stability. His cultivation was rank three middle stage.

After Fang Yuan had caused Yao Ji to faint, Chi Zhong had been ordered to temporarily lead the Medicine Hall. As his wife was a member of the medicine faction, Gu Yue Bo had chosen him as a political move to balance the two factions’ rivalry.

But even so, Chi Zhong had managed to ascend to this position.

“This is three hundred primeval stones, the clan elder’s allowance for this week. I knew that you would be here, thus I brought it over as well. I hope you do not mind me taking matters into my own hands,” Chi Zhong said, handing a money bag to Fang Yuan.

This man… Fang Yuan’s eyes narrowed as he took the bag.

Normally, an elder needed to collect their own allowance. But Chi Zhong’s ability to take it on his behalf hinted at his status in the clan as well as his social network.

But this hint was also well-executed, as it showed a sign of goodwill, and was not aggressive.

“Honestly speaking, I took the initiative to find you this time because I have a matter to ask of you.”

He then explained his intentions.

“Oh, you want me to turn in my Nine Leaf Vitality Grass?” Fang Yuan showed a deep, profound expression.

