Chapter 1576: Yama Battlefield


Ancient sword dragon transformation!


Soul explosion!


Strength path giant hand!


Myriad dragon!


Fang Yuan used almost all his methods against Fairy Zi Wei.


Fairy Zi Wei laughed: “Fang Yuan, you’re at your wits’ end.”


She also used multiple killer moves of all kinds, they were all profound and actually blocked all of Fang Yuan’s attacks! Some even countered his moves.


Fang Yuan’s methods had already been exposed long ago. Fairy Zi Wei had been collecting intel and did a lot of deductions, she created many methods that countered him.


This was the incredible power of a wisdom path Gu Immortal.


But at this moment, Fang Yuan’s killer moves still had some use, after all, he had also modified his moves to deal with Fairy Zi Wei’s deductions.


“But in terms of wisdom path attainment, I cannot compare to Fairy Zi Wei. At this rate, eventually, Fairy Zi Wei will deduce all of my methods and I will no longer be able to fight back.”




Thoughts flashed in Fang Yuan’s mind, battle intent surged in him but his mind was still cold as ice.


Fairy Zi Wei smiled as she breathed out some purple qi with imposing aura.


The purple qi was delicate like a baby’s fist, but it entered the immemorial year beast’s mind the moment it hit.


Howl—!


The immemorial year beast growled in pain, it was furiously holding its head, it lost its ability to fight as it rolled around on the ground.


The variant human Gu Immortals controlling the super immortal formation were all stunned!


Fairy Zi Wei’s own battle strength was even higher than Chen Yi. Earlier, she had not fought seriously, but now, her strong methods and imposing air were a huge shock to everyone.


Fang Yuan also felt a little discouraged.


He still had two immemorial soul beasts captured from green ghost desert, but he did not want to use them now.


Immemorial desolate beasts alone were often at a disadvantage against rank eight Gu Immortals. That was, unless they had rank eight Immortal Gu in them.




Against these rank eight Gu Immortal experts from Heavenly Court, even immemorial desolate beasts with wild Immortal Gu could not deal with them!


Like how Fang Yuan could capture those two immemorial soul beasts earlier, against Fairy Zi Wei, they held little threat.


“I am clear of this, in order to resist Spectral Soul Demon Venerable in the past, Heavenly Court had obtained many soul path methods. This is why I let the immemorial year beast out, if I summoned the immemorial soul beasts, they would be even weaker against her.”


Fang Yuan felt pressure rising in him.


The enemies were just too powerful, they were truly formidable. Fang Yuan did not even have the confidence to kill the weakest person among them, Feng Jiu Ge. Fairy Zi Wei and the rest were all experts among rank eight experts, any single one of them could match Fang Yuan or even defeat him.


To speak the truth, Lang Ya blessed land was already very powerful, it had three rank eight battle strength existences. This was already above the standards of most super forces in the five regions.


Among the five regions, only the top tier super forces had one rank eight Gu Immortal. In Southern Border, why could the number one righteous path super force Wu clan dominate the region for so long? It was because there was a point in time where they had two rank eight Gu Immortals simultaneously, and also at least one rank eight Gu Immortal throughout the generations to hold the fort.


Of course, Immortal Gu Houses could not be neglected, many Immortal Gu Houses had rank eight battle strength too.


The strength of Lang Ya Sect was equivalent to a super force or even above that.


But against Heavenly Court, it was just too weak in comparison!


The immemorial rock dragon was suppressed by Chen Yi, Heavenly Giant Solor was struggling but still at a disadvantage.


Feng Jiu Ge had been dealing with the super immortal formation that Fang Yuan modified, the formation path attainment of the variant human Gu Immortals inside could not match Fang Yuan, while Feng Jiu Ge’s separation song was absurdly fierce even though it was countered by the immortal Gu formation, the two sides were at a deadlock.


Fang Yuan’s fight against Fairy Zi Wei was locked in a deadlock as well without any breakthroughs.


He could not let this go on!


Once Thunder Ghost True Monarch fails to find wisdom Gu and returns to fight, unless Lang Ya land spirit exposes a new trump card, Fang Yuan would definitely lose.


“Lang Ya blessed land originated from Long Hair Ancestor, it must likely have other trump cards!”


“But now, I cannot depend on this possibility. Immortal killer move — Yama Battlefield!”


Fang Yuan suddenly flew and got closer to Fairy Zi Wei, before using his newly developed immortal battlefield killer move.


Because of the soul explosion earlier, there were large numbers of soul path dao marks in the battlefield, yama battlefield rapidly opened as it formed in a breath of time.


But even at this speed, Fang Yuan could not trap Fairy Zi Wei.


This wisdom path great expert noticed something amiss the moment fy got close to her, she immediately retreated.


Fang Yuan’s yama battlefield was created very quickly, one breath of time was faster than most of the immortal battlefield killer moves in this world.


But this amount of time was enough for Fairy Zi Wei to escape.


“I failed!” Fang Yuan’s heart sank.


Not being able to trap Fairy Zi Wei, he had wasted his immortal essence.


“However, my efforts were not in vain!” Fang Yuan looked at Feng Jiu Ge who was inside yama battlefield as he surged with killing intent: “I’ll kill him first!”


Fang Yuan grabbed the opportunity, the position earlier was perfect, if Fairy Zi Wei had not retreated in advance, he would have trapped the both of them.


Yama battlefield was a new method, even if Fairy Zi Wei wanted to unravel it, she would need some time.


If Fang Yuan could trap both Feng Jiu Ge and Fairy Zi Wei, in the battlefield, there would only be the silver giant, immemorial rock dragon, Chen Yi, and the super immortal formation.


Now that Feng Jiu Ge was trapped, the super immortal formation was safe, if they could grab the opportunity to destroy the ancient tree prison cage, the immemorial rock dragon would also be free.


Chen Yi would have to deal with both the silver giant and rock dragon, as well as a super immortal formation, he would not be able to handle it.


If they could severely injure Chen Yi during that period, even if Thunder Ghost True Monarch returns, Lang Ya’s side would be able to regain their footing.


But now, Fang Yuan only managed to trap Feng Jiu Ge, that meant the super immortal formation and Fairy Zi Wei were competing with each other.


But even if Thunder Ghost True Monarch returns, for the time being, they would still be in a deadlock. After all, rank eight battle strength and sufficient foundation meant that they could not fall easily.


Thus, Fang Yuan’s target now was to kill Feng Jiu Ge!


And he had to do it quickly, the faster the better!


After killing Feng Jiu Ge, Fang Yuan would dispel yama battlefield and deal with the three Heavenly Court rank eights alongside the rock dragon and silver giant, Lang Ya’s side would be in less danger after that.


Thus, Feng Jiu Ge was a crucial point to break through!


“A soul path battlefield killer move? It seems to have theft path mixed in!” Fairy Zi Wei looked at the air in front of her, for the first time in this battle, she frowned.


The immortal battlefield isolated the inside from outside, thankfully, Fang Yuan had used it right in front of her, otherwise, she could not find the point of entry for yama battlefield that was just a tiny spot.


But even if she did, Fairy Zi Wei’s deductions were having huge problems.


Because yama battlefield not only contained the profundity of soul path, it also contained ghostly concealment! It was one with the killer move emperor yama.




