Chapter 158: Times Have Changed


Yao Ji had desired Fang Yuan’s Nine Leaf Vitality Grass, and thus she had exploited her authority to demand that the clansmen donate their Gu to the Medicine Hall.

However, Fang Yuan had advanced to rank three and become an elder. In the meeting confirming his status, he had responded with a powerful counterattack against Yao Ji, and she had fainted, letting Chi Zhong take the stage.

A new officer in power had to display his authority. Chi Zhong took the initiative to find Fang Yuan and persuade him to hand over the Nine Leaf Vitality Grass.

“It’s not impossible,” Fang Yuan said after muttering to himself for a bit.

There was a saying: “What was true then isn’t true now”.

Indeed, the situation was quite different from before…

When Yao Ji had asked for Fang Yuan’s Nine Leaf Vitality Grass, it was an order. He had to comply whether he wanted to or not.

However, now that he was an elder, his status was equal to Yao Ji’s, only lower than the clan leader. Thus, Chi Zhong’s request was for a transaction with equal benefits for each of them.

The Nine Leaf Vitality Grass was indeed very precious. Fang Yuan was currently raising many Gu worms, and the majority of their food expenses were supported by it.

However, there was nothing that couldn’t be sold. It was just that the profit had to be enough to move one’s heart.

If an appropriate price was provided, why couldn’t it be sold?

Gu worms were only tools: methods to achieve one’s desires and ambitions. Even if the Gu under discussion was the Spring Autumn Cicada, so what? As long as the circumstances were suitable, why couldn’t he give it up in exchange for an even larger benefit?

If one wants to obtain benefits, they should first learn to give things up.

Naturally, Fang Yuan knew this, and looked expectantly at Chi Zhong.

Chi Zhong understood and smiled. “If you are willing to hand over the Nine Leaf Vitality Grass, I will compensate you with this command token.”

He took out a token. It was of a simple design, triangular with smooth corners. On the front, piled up like a pyramid, were the words “Prize Token”, and on the back was written “Reward Contributions”.

“You are a newly promoted elder, and may not be clear on some matters. This prize token is issued to Gu Masters who have made great contributions to the clan. Even among elders, few possess it. With this token, you can go down to the clan’s underground Gu storage and choose any Gu worm you like. The underground storage holds many rare, precious Gu worms. Among the top ten Gu worms on the exchange board, four of them have been selected from there,” Chi Zhong explained.

Fang Yuan was instantly moved.

He wasn’t surprised. The Gu Yue Clan had stood high for centuries. It was impossible for there to not be any trump cards or accumulations.

In fact, any long-established clan would have such secret places to store Gu.

But obtaining anything kept there would require great contributions and loyalty to the clan.

Fang Yuan had only recently become an elder, so he was very far away from having such qualifications.

I want to leave the clan, so I need a storage Gu. This token is a good choice, but… Fang Yuan had some worries.

If he had to give up the Nine Leaf Vitality Grass, so be it. It was a great help to Fang Yuan right now, but he wouldn’t have any use for it in the future.

Its own healing ability was not outstanding, and one couldn’t continuously use its Vitality Leaves to heal.

Fang Yuan’s worry was that there might not necessarily be an ideal Gu worm in the underground storage.

Chi Zhong had been observing Fang Yuan’s expression and misunderstood his hesitation. He continued, “The underground cave holds not only rank three Gu worms but also rank four. Elder Fang Yuan, you won’t be at a disadvantage. But if, somehow, you regret it, we could re-exchange them. That could be done after some time, secretly.”

Fang Yuan raised his eyes, reevaluating Chi Zhong.

He is an outstanding person, he sighed in his heart.

Chi Zhong clearly understood why he was promoted. He had to strike a balance with not only the clan leader, but also the Chi and medicine factions. And at the same time, he needed to display his ability.

Fang Yuan relinquishing the Nine Leaf Vitality Grass held special significance to him, and he was willing to pay a high price for it.

The world is vast, countless outstanding talents are everywhere! During the wolf tide, the old timers are being sacrificed and newcomers are advancing. To a certain extent, one could say that this is a reform which allows the clan to preserve its vitality and stand high without falling, Fang Yuan thought.

Too many old timers would only allow rot to set in. Thus, the process of elimination was the only way for an organization to continue functioning.

Chi Zhong was a representative of this.

The world was all about the survival of the fittest. A human body continued to live through the process of metabolism. A Gu Master shouldn’t stick with the same Gu worms, only with change could they progress.

At this thought, Fang Yuan accepted the token from Chi Zhong and then handed over the Nine Leaf Vitality Grass. As he had willingly transferred it, Chi Zhong was able to refine it quickly.

Only after placing this Gu into his aperture did he let out a big sigh of relief.

He had his own ambitions, and being able to act as the temporary Medicine Hall Elder was an extremely important opportunity for him. If he could grasp this, he might even assume the official post instead of just being a temporary replacement.

However, he would have to make compromises with all three sides if he wanted to achieve this. After all, politics was the art of compromising.

Yao Ji couldn’t do anything to Fang Yuan while she was reigning. But after taking the seat, he was able to get Fang Yuan to hand over his Nine Leaf Vitality Grass. This not only showed goodwill to the medicine faction by handling political matters left behind by Yao Ji, it also subtly displayed his own ability.

Thus, he didn’t hesitate to give up the prize token which he had obtained with great difficulty.

“Lord Chi Zhong, our talk has been delightful. I wonder if you still have some time now?” Fang Yuan asked as he put away the token.

Chi Zhong’s eyes flashed in puzzlement.

•••

After a while.

In a certain living room.

“We pay our respects to the two elders!” Fang Yuan’s uncle and aunt bowed in greeting. They were very polite and even a little afraid.

When the news of Fang Yuan becoming an elder was announced, he became a model example for young Gu Masters. But for his aunt and uncle, it brought astonishment.

He was clearly a C grade talent, how could he advance to rank three and become an elder so fast?

Even Fang Zheng, an A grade talent, was only at rank two upper stage currently.

After the astonishment was fear.

They couldn’t help but be afraid.

When they thought of how they had bullied Fang Yuan and been so hard on him, their hearts trembled with fear.

What goes around comes around!

It was not the same now that he was an elder.

They were afraid of Fang Yuan taking revenge on them after achieving success.

But still, in the end Fang Yuan came to their door, and also brought another elder with him.

They came with bad intentions, bad intentions! Dong Tu sighed in his heart.

Fang Yuan chuckled. “Uncle, Aunt, no need to be so courteous. Although I have become an elder, I am still your nephew. Come, let’s all take a seat.”

He then sat down at the head of the table, with Chi Zhong beside him.

These two positions were usually where his uncle and aunt sat, the seats of the family heads.

His uncle and aunt, however, weren’t the least bit discontent with the seating arrangements. They were even full of hesitation and fearful as they sat in the lower seats.

This was the power of the clan elders.

Dong Tu and his wife glanced at each other. They were on tenterhooks as they perched stiffly on the edge of their seats.

The servants came in with some tea.

Chi Zhong maintained his silence and didn’t drink. Fang Yuan, however, took a sip calmly and asked, “How have you two been recently?”

Fang Yuan was smiling as he asked, but in his aunt and uncle’s eyes it was even more terrifying than if he flew into a rage.

It was especially so for his aunt; when she thought of how she had insulted Fang Yuan, she started trembling with fear.

“Life had been in upheaval due to the wolf tide. The tavern was forced to close down and rent from the bamboo houses has been decreasing. In fact, we are so poor that we’re reaching the point of starvation,” his uncle sighed, and then tears fell from his eyes unexpectedly.

He used to maintain his health very well before. But now, his face was no longer ruddy, the hair at his temples had gone white, and his wrinkles had multiplied. After he had been conscripted, his predicament had become even more obvious.

However, Fang Yuan knew his uncle had managed the tavern for many years, so he definitely had some savings. The miserable appearance he was putting on now was because he was afraid of Fang Yuan’s revenge and wanted to gain his sympathy.

My uncle is usually so astute, but how could he be so stupid when it comes to himself? If I had come to take revenge, why would I bring Chi Zhong with me?

Fang Yuan sneered in his mind. He greatly disliked his aunt and uncle and held no respect for them, but that didn’t mean they couldn’t be useful.

“Uncle, Aunt, you have taken such good care of me for so long. All my current accomplishments are due to your nurturing. I have just received my weekly elder’s stipend; these three hundred primeval stones, please take them.” Fang Yuan took out a money bag and held it out to his uncle.

“What? This…” Dong Tu’s expression was really wonderful at this moment.

His astonishment contained unease, the unease was close to fear, and under the fear was incredulousness.

His wife at his side was also dumbstruck. She stared blankly at the money bag in Fang Yuan’s hand.

What in the world was going on?

Rather than the revenge they had been imagining, they were being given three hundred primeval stones?

Fang Yuan’s words were discordant and full of sarcasm no matter how they looked at it. It made the whole situation even more bizarre.

What is he scheming?

What the hell does he want to do? How does he want to torment us!?

Dong Tu and his wife glanced at each other. They hesitated and didn’t dare to accept the money bag.

“It is Elder Fang Yuan’s filial piety, do accept it,” Chi Zhong said expressionlessly from his seat.

“Yes, yes, yes.” Uncle repeatedly nodded and hurriedly accepted the money bag. Even if he was once known as the Hidden Elder, it was nothing in front of the Medicine Hall Elder.

He used both hands to hold the bag full of three hundred primeval stones. He normally loved money, but right now, he felt like the bag was scalding hot, and it was all he could do not to throw it away!

“Since you have received it, I will take my leave,” Fang Yuan said, standing up.

His aunt and uncle immediately tried to see them off, but Fang Yuan stopped them.

“Don’t look anymore,” Mother Shen said to her daughter Shen Cui as they stood at a corner of the house, sighing in relief.

Shen Cui’s expression was gloomy. She watched Fang Yuan’s and Chi Zhong’s figures from behind until they were completely gone.

“Mother, did I make the wrong choice?” she asked.

An elder could take a wife and two concubines. If she had been faithful from the start, who was to say that she wouldn’t be Fang Yuan’s concubine at this moment?

“I really hadn’t expected this. Fang Yuan advanced so far with only C grade aptitude!” Mother Shen helplessly shook her head. “Cheer up. Fang Zheng has A grade aptitude, his accomplishments won’t be any less!”

“Yes,” Shen Cui responded, and a bit of light returned to her eyes.

In this world, the status of a common mortal was so petty and low!

How many things did she have that could move the great Gu Masters’ hearts?

She had already given her body to Fang Zheng. That was the gamble of her life, and she couldn’t turn back anymore.

