Chapter 1583: Bull Demon, Flower Lady


“First supreme elder, how can you say this!” Longevity Heaven’s members were filled with animosity towards Fang Yuan, he retreated as he chided Lang Ya land spirit.


Lang Ya land spirit snorted, not showing Fang Yuan any kindness: “I have not settled the score with you! You had ulterior motives and pushed Black Hair to the brink of destruction, haven’t you obtained enough benefits during this period?!”


Lang Ya land spirit turned on him.


Fang Yuan’s expression turned grim: “Aren’t you afraid of the alliance agreement…”


“Black Hair was the one who set the agreement with you, not me!” Lang Ya land spirit responded.


“As expected.” Fang Yuan sighed internally, the white haired land spirit’s decision showed some problems. Fang Yuan had guessed it already, he merely confirmed it with Lang Ya land spirit personally.


“Fang Yuan, where can you run to!” Saying so, Mao Li Qiu pounced and slammed its claw on Fang Yuan.


Boom!


The huge force impacted Fang Yuan as he was pushed away, he crashed like a meteor onto the dried seabed.


Even though Fang Yuan looked pathetic, he was unharmed, while Mao Li Qiu shrugged its claws and said with anger: “This Reverse Flow River is truly annoying!”


“Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals, fight us!” A muscular brute with a thick beard said with a thunderous voice, he was extremely tall and strong, having a powerful aura.




There was another Gu Immortal, she was a little girl with a flower on her head, she sat on the muscular man’s shoulder, giggling as her crystal-like eyes on her innocent cute face stared at Fairy Zi Wei.


The two Gu Immortals had rank eight cultivation level but they did not attack Fang Yuan, they charged at Fairy Zi Wei.


Fairy Zi Wei was a wisdom path Gu Immortal, there was great risk for Longevity Heaven to keep her in the battlefield, she had to be eliminated first!


“Bull Demon, Flower Lady, you are both here…” Fairy Zi Wei’s pupils shrunk, she recognized who these people were as solemness flashed on her eyes.


“Hahaha, since you, Zi Wei, can move around, so can the two of us!” The brutish Bull Demon laughed maniacally.


Boom boom boom!


A chain of explosions occurred as Bull Demon and Flower Lady forced Fairy Zi Wei to retreat time and again.


Fairy Zi Wei had little lifespan to begin with, she was lucky to have Star Constellation true inheritance helping her, but after facing the effect of Steal Life twice, she was in a poor state now. In contrast, Longevity Heaven expended its foundation and summoned Bull Demon and Flower Lady in perfect condition, they had the advantage.


Fairy Zi Wei blocked their attacks while observing the battlefield.


When she saw that Mao Li Qiu slashed at Fang Yuan, she suddenly reminded: “Be careful, Fang Yuan had rank seven Fixed Immortal Travel, don’t let him escape!”




Even though Longevity Heaven wanted her dead, she was still calm as ice, she was not overwhelmed by them, her intention to kill Fang Yuan had never wavered.


Mao Li Qiu frowned immediately.


They had brought three rank eights, one legendary immemorial desolate beast, and one Immortal Gu House here, but they were not space path related.


Fixed Immortal Travel was a space path Immortal Gu, only space path Gu Immortals were the most skilled at countering it.


Mao Li Qiu had a change of mind as it charged at Fang Yuan, shouting at Lang Ya land spirit: “Old man, quickly act, deal with Fang Yuan, we will give you a lot of credit for it!”


Lang Ya land spirit was hesitant, but he quickly shouted: “Shut up Mao Li Qiu! Since Fang Yuan wants to leave, let him. What rights do you have to order me around? Even though I sought help from Longevity Heaven, according to our agreement back then, we are on equal status!”


Lang Ya land spirit had thought of killing Fang Yuan, but he soon thought of how Heavenly Court and Longevity Heaven failed to kill Fang Yuan after hunting him down for so long, how could he succeed?


Fang Yuan knew everything about Lang Ya blessed land, he also had great thief ghost hand, reverse flow protection seal, Fixed Immortal Travel, and countless unscrupulous methods, Lang Ya land spirit did not want to aggravate such a demon.


“You!” Mao Li Qiu shouted in anger, but it could not do anything to Lang Ya land spirit.


Lang Ya land spirit said to the remaining variant human Gu Immortals: “You are all clear of the situation now, even though Black Hair died, I am not restricted by the agreement. But don’t worry, as long as you all join my Lang Ya blessed land, I can ensure your safety!”


The variant human Gu Immortals had ugly expressions, they looked at each other and nodded.


There was no choice, they were exposed now and were under the alliance agreement, Lang Ya land spirit also knew a lot about them. There was no options left, if they did not want to die, they would need to surrender.


Ancient sword dragon transformation!


Myriad dragon!


Familiar face!


Fang Yuan used three moves at once, with myriad self Immortal Gu, he could be very efficient in using consecutive killer moves, before Mao Li Qiu got close to him, it had to face the myriad dragon army.


Mao Li Qiu growled, using immortal killer moves to summon wind, frost, and lightning, killing countless sword dragon clones.


But at this time, Fang Yuan had already gotten close to Lang Ya land spirit.


“Be careful, he is there!” Five Elements Grandmaster shouted, he found out Fang Yuan’s location in advance.


He had sneaked into Longevity Heaven but got trapped in Immortal Gu House Calamity Luck Altar after he was discovered. After a long time of resisting the Longevity Heaven Gu Immortals, Five Elements Grandmaster realized that he had no chance of escaping, he could only lower his head and join Longevity Heaven.


This time, Longevity Heaven came to reinforce Lang Ya blessed land, he was one of the ones who came.


“He actually found me! But… it is too late!!” Fang Yuan turned into the ancient sword dragon and roared, his dragon fangs were sharp and sinister.


“Fang Yuan, what are you trying to do?!” Lang Ya land spirit shouted in shock, he quickly used his defensive immortal killer move.


“Naturally to kill you! Immemorial yama child — Soul Explosion!” Fang Yuan shouted angrily.


Boom—!


The rank eight killer move erupted, pitch black smoke spread out as it engulfed everything, the entire Lang Ya land spirit was covered in the black smoke.


“Don’t!” The variant human Gu Immortals shouted.


“Quickly stop, we are allies by marriage…” Snowman Gu Immortal Bing Yuan screamed.


But at this moment, Fang Yuan could not care about their lives anymore, Lang Ya land spirit knew too much, since it did not want to join Fang Yuan, it had to die!


“Quickly save the land spirit! Don’t let him die!” Mao Li Qiu was so shocked its hair was standing, it resisted the soul explosion as it charged at Fang Yuan.


“Calamity Luck Altar!” Five Elements Grandmaster directly let out this Immortal Gu House and went inside, crashing towards Fang Yuan while moving it.


Calamity Luck Altar was one of the foundations of Longevity Heaven, they had actually brought it over to help Lang Ya blessed land!


“Hmph, he escaped quickly.” Fang Yuan’s eyes shone with a cold light.


He did not take Lang Ya land spirit’s life, at the crucial moment, Lang Ya land spirit teleported away.


If Five Elements Grandmaster had not reminded him, Lang Ya land spirit might not have reacted in time. But now, this was his domain, without using other methods to restrict him, he could teleport away from Fang Yuan.


“It is not so easy to take my life. Everyone, we will meet again.” Fang Yuan looked around as he left his final words, using Fixed Immortal Travel afterwards.


He was in the center of the soul explosion, it was like the eye of the tornado, he was safe and sound. To approach Fang Yuan, the rest had to resist the soul explosion which had dense soul path dao marks, their immortal killer moves were restricted.


Rank seven Immortal Gu — Fixed Immortal Travel!


Jade light flashed as Fang Yuan vanished on the spot before anyone could interfere, he retreated successfully.


“We did not manage to kill this demon!” Fairy Zi Wei felt regretful.


Mao Li Qiu roared in anger, its bloodshot eyes stared at Fairy Zi Wei.


Without Fang Yuan, only Longevity Heaven and Heavenly Court were left.


Bam bam bam…


Continuous explosions resounded, the battle went into the climax right from the start.


“Stop, stop, don’t destroy my blessed land. Damn it!” Lang Ya land spirit stomped his feet in anger, moving away as he tried to gather the lucky survivors on the three continents.


Fang Yuan’s vision changed, when he regained his senses, he was in an underground cave.


“Fixed Immortal Travel is just so convenient.” Fang Yuan sighed.


After stealing this rank seven Fixed Immortal Travel, he placed it in Heaven Sealing Mountain’s immortal formation for refinement, it quickly became Fang Yuan’s.


After confirming that there were no traps, Fang Yuan used it and left Lang Ya blessed land.


Lang Ya blessed land had rank eight Gu Immortals fighting, while outside there was Prince Feng Xian lying in ambush, Fang Yuan was an eyesore for both forces, he could not stay. If others were given enough time, or if he was hit by any special move and could not leave, it would be too stupid of him.


“Who is it?”


“Ah, it’s elder Fang Yuan!”


Several rank six Gu Immortals sensed the immortal aura as they ran over, after seeing Fang Yuan, they bowed and asked: “Elder Fang Yuan, how is the situation in Lang Ya blessed land?”


Fang Yuan smiled viciously, he did not speak, he spread his arms instead.


Immortal killer move — Yama Battlefield!




