Chapter 1589: Attacking Forcefully


Fang Yuan had to conceal and hide himself in the past, but now against the immortals of Southern Border’s righteous path, he did not need to anymore.


Fang Yuan’s appearance was very shocking to the Southern Border righteous path Gu Immortals now!


In the past, Fang Yuan disguised as Wu Yi Hai and obtained great benefits in the battle of the dream realm, becoming the leader of Shadow Sect, eventually he was chased down by Southern Border’s righteous path, but he was able to escape.


Heavenly Court’s pursuit could not do anything to Fang Yuan.


Months ago, Fang Yuan suddenly appeared in Southern Border and killed two Gu Immortals from Hou clan and Shang clan, if not for Paradise Earth’s inheritor, even Tie Mian Shen would have died.


Afterwards, Heavenly Court sent out the rank eight Gu Immortal expert Thunder Ghost True Monarch, the process of the battle was unknown but Fang Yuan managed to take away three of her rib bones, the scene of her getting beaten up was displayed in treasure yellow heaven. Instantly, the world was shaken, Fang Yuan’s reputation completely suppressed Feng Jiu Ge as the number one rank seven expert! Most Gu Immortals realized that even though Fang Yuan only had rank seven cultivation level, he was a unique individual on par with and should be treated as a rank eight Gu Immortal.


Furthermore, Fang Yuan was an otherworldly demon who was reborn using Spring Autumn Cicada, he was vicious and devious, many people despised his nonexistent bottom line, even as a Gu Immortal, he attacked mortals.


And now, Fang Yuan was the most dazzling and rapidly rising demonic path overlord!


Such a person had shown up, Southern Border’s righteous path immortals were naturally surprised, shocked, and panicking.


“Lord Yang San Mu had sacrificed himself heroically, our Southern Border’s righteous path and this vicious Fang Yuan have yet another debt of hatred! One day, we will make him pay the price!” Xia Fan patted his chest as he said in sadness.


The immortals were silent, nobody held any illusions anymore. Fang Yuan’s appearance made them feel intense lingering fear and also a sense of pity for Yang San Mu — why was he so unlucky as to face the great demon Fang Yuan? He could have stayed in the formation but he chose to go out, wasn’t he courting death?




But silence did not last long, someone shouted immediately: “This Fang Yuan is as vicious as ever, he lured Lord Yang San Mu out, thankfully, we were led by lords Xia Fan and Chi Qiu, under their leadership, we managed to hold our ground and did not give this scoundrel a chance to sneak in.”


The immortals all had varying expressions, someone wanted to speak when suddenly, the world shook, the entire immortal formation started trembling intensely.


Outside the immortal formation, countless silver scales filled the sky. Myriad dragons flew and charged at the white formation.


The Southern Border immortals’ expressions also turned pale from the reflection of the silver scales’ light.


Fang Yuan’s immortal killer move myriad dragon was like a tsunami, even though they were protected by the immortal formation, they felt extremely small and weak.


Fang Yuan’s myriad dragon did not get much more powerful than before, but with myriad self Immortal Gu, it was far easier to use myriad dragon now. When activating it, the steps were fewer and the success rate was higher, the time it took Fang Yuan to use myriad dragon once or twice before was enough to unleash it five to six times now!


Fang Yuan continued to use myriad dragon, countless ancient sword dragons charged at the formation, causing the formation to explode with greater force.


Pure white light ripples spread like waves or the contours of mountains, blocking the attack of the myriad dragons.


“Interesting.” Fang Yuan observed carefully, even though the immortal formation was shaking, its roots were not shaken, as he increased the power of his attacks, so did the defensive power of the immortal formation.


“We have the Gu formation, we should last for some time.” A Southern Border Gu Immortal said in uncertainty as he looked at Chi Qiu.




Chi Qiu’s gaze was flickering intensely, currently, the immortal formation was keeping them safe, but!


The other party was not ordinary, he was Fang Yuan!


The demonic path overlord that Heavenly Court could not deal with even after pursuing him for so long!


“Everyone, seek help from your clans, tell them Fang Yuan is here, quick! Do you think this formation can block such a person?” Chi Qiu sighed.


The immortals saw that Chi Qiu was very anxious, they did not wait but started to seek reinforcements.


Earlier, Fang Yuan did not state his identity, he was just a rank seven Gu Immortal, how could the Southern Border Gu Immortals ask for help? They only reported this battle normally.


But now that Fang Yuan exposed his identity, these Gu Immortals started to ask for help openly and loudly.


Roar…


The dragons roared as Fang Yuan attacked, the immortal formation blocked him with all its strength, it was also increasing in power.


“Block him, even if we die, we must block him!”


“The western part of the formation is broken, quickly repair it.”


“I don’t have enough immortal essence, who will replace me?”


The Southern Border immortals blocked him desperately, due to the strong pressure from Fang Yuan, these immortals stopped scheming against each other, they were truly united.


Chi Qiu tried to fix the Gu formation while Xia Fan spat out blood multiple times, in order to try and deduce the flaws of myriad dragon, he had given it his all.


They were rank seven Gu Immortals but they were like this, the rank six Gu Immortals were in far worse conditions.


Outside the immortal formation, Fang Yuan crossed his arms as he watched quietly, he was calm as a breeze.


After having myriad self Immortal Gu, the killer move myriad dragon was much more usable, it was no longer his strongest method, it was a killer move that could be used conventionally and regularly.


Fang Yuan’s strongest method was now an immemorial yama child’s soul explosion. But he did not have any immemorial soul beasts to modify now. He had already used both immemorial yama children, one to kill Feng Jiu Ge and the other to kill Lang Ya land spirit, but neither succeeded.


As for an ancient yama child’s soul explosion, it was similar in power to myriad dragon, but it was amplified by yama battlefield and would be slightly stronger.


Thus, Fang Yuan used this method to attack the immortal formation.


Intense winds blew, Fang Yuan floated in the air, looking at the dragons attacking this formation.


His demonic might was already developed, right now, he singlehandedly suppressed Southern Border’s Gu Immortals, they were busy defending against his barrage of attacks.


However, Fang Yuan frowned lightly.


It was taking quite a while. Fang Yuan needed some more time to break this immortal formation.


Fang Yuan still had three methods left, but reverse flow protection seal could not be used against the immortal formation. This formation got stronger as the attacks targeted at it got stronger, reverse flow protection seal could not reflect anything.


Lead soul into dream had failed against Heavenly Court once before, measures had been taken against it when they fought Lord Huang Shi. Lead soul into dream needed to sense the target’s soul, but these Southern Border Gu Immortals were hidden in the formation, Fang Yuan could not sense them.


As for great thief ghost hand, it could not be used, the immortal formation was hidden behind the white light in multiple layers, great thief ghost hand was unable to get close.


“Lord Chi Qu You!” At this time, inside the immortal formation, Southern Border’s immortals received a surge of morale.


The reason was simple, Chi clan’s first supreme elder, rank eight formation path Gu Immortal Chi Qu You, had arrived in secret.


“To think that this immortal formation had this hidden pathway in it, allowing a rank eight existence tens of thousands of li away to teleport here! The clan truly put in a lot of effort into this.” Chi Qiu praised in his mind.


This hidden pathway was left by Chi Qu You just in case a situation like the dream realm battle occurred again. In that situation, Chi clan, which had access to the hidden pathway, would have a huge advantage.


And now, Fang Yuan suddenly attacked, Chi Qu You thought about it and decided to expose this hidden trump card.


“Continue controlling the immortal formation, act like you cannot last long, I will make an arrangement to lure this demon into my trap.” Chi Qu You smiled.


Fang Yuan had lots of treasures on him and was a demonic path overlord, Heavenly Court had a huge headache against him. If Chi Qu You could use formation path to capture Fang Yuan or kill him, not only could he gain a lot of loot, he could also raise his reputation to the limit, he could also use this matter to raise Chi clan’s ranking in the Southern Border righteous path by several levels.


Even though Fang Yuan had great achievements, Chi Qu You was a formation path great grandmaster and had rank eight cultivation level, he was extremely confident in his formation path attainment,after learning about this, he came here to take Fang Yuan’s life. Any other rank eight Gu Immortal who did not cultivate formation path would not have Chi Qu You’s advantage and ease.


With Chi Qu You as the mastermind, Southern Border’s immortals had a huge surge of confidence, they started to contest with Fang Yuan patiently.


Chi Qu You had formation path Immortal Gu, his methods were very quickly set up, he soon created a formation inside the immortal formation. This was Chi Qu You’s expertise to begin with.


But when he was about to succeed, Fang Yuan suddenly stopped and left the battlefield using Fixed Immortal Travel.


“Did he sense me?” Chi Qu You frowned, but he thought about how he vigilantly created the Gu formation, he did not expose anything. The chance of that was low, so why did Fang Yuan retreat?


“This is contact heart river bank?” Jade light flickered as Fang Yuan appeared in the sky.


He looked down, the surrounding hundreds of li were covered in mountains, only the land below him was flat with fog in it, it could not be seen clearly.


Fang Yuan breathed in deeply, using myriad dragon killer move again.


Myriad dragons attacked as the fog rose, clashing with each other.


But soon, the fog could not stand up to Fang Yuan’s attacks and faded, exposing the true terrain.


A shallow deep blue lake surrounded by silent verdant mountains. Around the lake were pure white round rocks, they stacked at the river bank.


On the river bank, there were a large number of wisdom path contact heart Gu, there was also the obvious aura left behind by some Chi clan rank six Gu Immortal.


Fang Yuan did not chase them, he looked at contact heart river bank and grabbed, starting his plunder!


Information that contact heart river bank had been robbed soon got to Chi Qu You, this was Chi clan’s resource point, even though there was a Gu formation, the defense was not as strong, Fang Yuan easily took it over.




