Chapter 159: This Fang Yuan…


Awoo—!


Four Frenzy Lightning Wolves raised their heads and howled loudly.


Pit pat pit pat.


Rain poured from above as the curtains of water wove together, and dark clouds roamed the sky. The world grew dark, obstructing the vision of many of the defenders.


“The northern gate has a breach! Sheng Nan group, go there now!”


“Is there a healing Gu Master? We have a heavily injured person here!!”


“Kill, kill, kill! Kill all these bastard wolves!”


The wolves’ cries were met with the Gu Masters’ shouts.


Almost everyone in the ferocious battle was bathed in blood.


All around the village, the battles spread like wildfire.


The people’s shouts, the wolves’ howls, the wind, and the rain all intertwined.


Countless lightning wolves rushed towards the village walls. The pitfall trap before the walls had already been flattened by a thick layer of wolf corpses, and with Bold Lightning Wolves at the head of the charge, they bulldozed forward.


Rank one and two Gu Masters fought bravely on the front lines. Moonblades flew into the wolf packs, slaughtering them in droves.


But the wolves responded with lightning currents and lightning balls, causing injuries and fatalities amongst the clansmen.


“Elder Fang Yuan, this is the Medicine Hall’s newest injury report!” A messenger Gu Master arrived and found Fang Yuan, handing over their report.


Fang Yuan was now a rank three Gu Master and clan elder. Thus, he had been assigned to lead Gu Masters in suppressing the western area.


Fang Yuan removed his attention from the battlefield and took the report, then told the Gu Master, “You may leave.”


The Gu Master paid his respects before taking his leave. Using a Gu worm to accelerate his body, he quickly left to the next area.


Any Gu Master in charge of information dissemination had at least one movement Gu worm, while some even had two.


Fang Yuan opened the report, taking a glance.


The casualty figures on the report were quite shocking.


The wolf tide had attacked the village almost ten times. The casualties they had suffered so far were very severe. The clan elders were growing ever more anxious, and Chi Zhong, the temporary Medicine Hall Elder, felt a great deal of pressure. It was so bad that, even as a middle-aged man, he found himself growing several white hairs a few days ago!


But Fang Yuan had his previous life’s memories and was mentally prepared, so he was not surprised.


This wolf tide is one of the most severe ones in the Gu Yue Clan’s history. Such injuries and deaths are unavoidable.


Moonlight gathered in his palm as he reduced the report to dust.


Only clan elders had the authority to view such reports. If it was known to all, it would cause social instability. Even so, the clan was growing closer to a state of full-blown panic every day.


The moonlight in Fang Yuan’s palm was no longer the usual eerie blue, but instead the color of blood.


This was the rank three Blood Moon Gu, which he had refined on his second attempt.


As for the refinement ingredients, he had naturally extorted Chi Lian for them.


Fang Yuan closed his eyes, his mind entering his aperture.


His aperture walls were shining and dimming at regular intervals without a single drop of impurity.


His primeval essence was white, but possessed a silvery, metallic luster. It was a rank three Gu Master’s white silver primeval essence.


On the surface of his primeval sea, there was originally a black-red residue, but now it was no longer there.


The Cleansing Water Gu he had forced out of Chi Lian had long been used. The Man-Beast Life Burial Gu’s side effect had been completely eliminated.


But it was not without a price.


Fang Yuan’s aptitude had lowered a little. It had dropped from 44% to 42%.


But Fang Yuan had been prepared for this price.


In fact, it was all thanks to Chi Lian. If not for his Cleansing Water Gu, the black-red residue would have continued to corrupt his aperture and decrease his aptitude.


A white-shelled, black-spotted ladybug danced in the air above the sea. This was the Sky Canopy Gu.


The Stealth Scales Gu, which appeared like a fish made of stone, lay deep in the primeval sea.


The Four Flavors Liquor Worm was playing among the waves on the surface.


As for the newly-refined Blood Moon Gu, it resembled the Moonlight Gu and resided in Fang Yuan’s right palm, forming a red crescent insignia.


Meanwhile, the rank three Thunderwings Gu had become two lightning bolt tattoos on Fang Yuan’s back.


The Spring Autumn Cicada was also worth mentioning. Its condition was getting better, and it was recovering more quickly. This situation caused Fang Yuan to rejoice, and at the same time, worry.


Spring Autumn Cicada was rank six, but he was still rank three. His aperture wouldn’t be able to hold a fully-recovered Spring Autumn Cicada.


Its aura was getting stronger. It was like adding more and more weight to a paper basket: eventually, it would rip apart.


If it reaches that point, I can only raise it outside of my body, Fang Yuan sighed.


That had great implications.


Rank six Gu worms contained fragments of the laws of heaven and earth. If one was left outside for extended periods, it would create a resonance with the natural laws of the world, unless the Gu worm was slumbering. It would cause a huge commotion, and the resulting strange phenomena would attract the attention and greed of other experts.


But such a solution might be necessary.


Awoo!


At that moment, a loud, shrill wolf howl suddenly entered everyone’s ears.


Fang Yuan was jolted out of his thoughts.


“Lord Elder, the Frenzy Lightning Wolf has entered the battle! Jiang Jian and two other elders are at the eastern gate blocking them, and they hope you can assist them,” a Gu Master frantically reported.


Crack!


There was the sound of lightning as two wings sprouted from Fang Yuan’s back.


They were made of blue electricity, their form abstract and simple. But as they flapped, they brought Fang Yuan high into the sky, and in a flash he was approaching the eastern gate.


Cutting through the air, Fang Yuan arrived at the battlefield in a few breath’s time.


The Frenzy Lightning Wolf was trying to break through the eastern gate, and a few elders were near the door aggressively engaging in battle.


The Frenzy Lightning Wolf suddenly jumped out of the battlefield and, with a swing of its tail, swept at a female rank one Gu Master in a corner.


Her face went pale. All she could hear was the sound of wind blowing as the wolf’s tail swept at her, and in her heart she screamed, I’m doomed!


With her ability, she could neither dodge nor take the hit.


But suddenly, a shadow descended from the sky, hugging her.


The young girl felt the world spinning around her. When she finally recovered, all she saw was that she was flying in mid-air, while below her the wolf’s tail collided with a two-story bamboo building, which began to crumble.


Her expression grew dimmer. If she had been hit by that tail, she would’ve become meat paste.


But then, she realized that she was saved.


Who saved her?


She looked to her rescuer and was stunned.


It was him?


Gu Yue Fang Yuan!


All at once, the young girl’s heart was filled with complex feelings, difficult to describe with words.


She and Fang Yuan had been classmates, and he had extorted her for her primeval stones. She hated him.


But in the time since then, she had been amazed at his achievements, and when news spread of him advancing to become an elder, she was full of shock and admiration.


She was also a C grade talent, but was only rank one.


And now, she had been saved by him.


He was a true lifesaver!


She was filled with gratitude towards Fang Yuan, and in her shock and admiration, any lingering hatred she felt had gone.


“The battlefield here is dangerous, retreat far away.” Fang Yuan’s wings flapped, landing on the ground and placing her down gently.


He had some impression of this young girl. They were possibly classmates, but he could not remember her name.


He then turned around and left. Instead of flying, he sprinted towards the battlefield.


The Thunderwings Gu was very fast, but its primeval expenditure was faster. Fang Yuan was only C grade, and among rank three Gu Masters, he had the lowest tier of primeval essence storage possible. He needed to conserve his primeval essence more than others.


Blood Moon Gu!


He threw out a moonblade.


The blood-red light struck the Frenzy Lightning Wolf’s body, causing an injury that bled continuously.


The young girl’s gaze remained locked on Fang Yuan, staring at his back. Slowly, her eyes started to shine with a mysterious light.


Seventeen to eighteen years of age, this was the prime of youth.


•••


“This Fang Yuan, what do you think of him?” In the distance, Gu Yue Bo observed this scene and asked his close aide.


The aide replied, “I heard that Elder Fang Yuan has already answered the call of the Medicine Hall and handed in his Nine Leaf Vitality Grass. After he received his first stipend, he gave it all to his aunt and uncle as a filial gesture. In recent days, he has frequently participated in battles against Frenzy Lightning Wolves, and his aggressive and ruthless attacks have earned him much in the way of battle merits. Not only that, he has saved many clansmen, and his reputation is improving. Rumors among the clan say that he has turned over a new leaf, that he is the Fang faction’s new elder, and so on.


“I think that, although he is only a C grade talent, he is blessed with talent in battle and has gotten great opportunities. First with his parents’ inheritance, the Nine Leaf Vitality Grass became a continuous source of income, and then using two Red Steel Relic Gu, he managed to cultivate to rank three, but luck still played a role.”


As he spoke, the aide showed a slight expression of jealousy.


He was also a C grade talent, but was only rank two. Getting to this point had taken him half his life. But Fang Yuan was merely seventeen years old, yet he was already a clan elder.


Comparing oneself with others could be quite infuriating.


Hearing his aide’s words, Gu Yue Bo nodded imperceptibly.


His aide’s words represented the view of the majority of the clan, but were slightly shallow.


Gu Yue Bo had been the clan leader for many years, thus he had greater foresight.


Fang Yuan had obviously struck a deal with Chi Zhong to hand over his Nine Leaf Vitality Grass. Giving his stipend to his aunt and uncle was not out of goodwill, but instead a political show. The person who had spread the news on this matter was Chi Zhong.


As for saving people…whether it was true and sincere, there remained doubt.


But no matter what, Fang Yuan no longer isolated himself, and his actions were indeed worthy of praise.


After becoming an elder, he took the initiative to get closer to the clansmen and contribute to the clan. The clan’s prosperity required such contributions and relationships.


After a moment, Gu Yue Bo instructed, “The Dark Hall’s investigations also haven’t turned up anything. Forget it, withdraw the inquiry on Fang Yuan for now.”


“Yes, I shall inform them now.” The aide took his leave.


Gu Yue Bo stood where he was, eyes narrowing.


No matter the reason, his cultivation still rose too quickly. This Fang Yuan possesses a great secret! However, in this period, with the severity of the wolf tide, every bit of strength is needed. We cannot afford to waste it on Fang Yuan. Investigation is still necessary, but it can only wait until after the wolf tide.


