Chapter 1590: Cloud Bamboo Mountain Range


“Come.” Fang Yuan floated in the air as he opened his immortal aperture’s entrance.


A large number of wild contact heart Gu were drawn by a gentle force, gathering in the air like a beautiful colored cloud, entering Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture.


The process lasted for several minutes.


Fang Yuan estimated: “More than three thousand are rank five contact heart Gu, fifty thousand are rank four, and over a million are rank three and below.”


Contact heart Gu resembled colored yuhua stones, they had different colors and shapes according to their rank. It was a wisdom path Gu worm that could steal the opponent’s concentration and make them enter a daze, losing the ability to perceive and think. If combined with other relevant Gu worms, it could form killer moves. Contact heart Gu had a lot of value in combat, the most usual method was to supplement it with enslavement path methods to enhance the enslavement ability. Of course, wisdom path Gu Masters used it too, but wisdom path was a rare and mysterious path.


Gu Masters face difficulty in raising Gu, most of them had less than ten Gu at once. But for Gu Immortals, they could get tens of thousands of mortal Gu easily, only Immortal Gu were hard to get.


Fang Yuan’s situation was simply a rare exception.


“Contact heart river bank is a mid-sized resource point, I attacked and destroyed the Gu formation here, while the defending Gu Immortal escaped for their life without destroying the contact heart Gu, this was why I could obtain this wealth.”


If the defending Gu Immortal took away or destroyed the contact heart Gu before leaving, Fang Yuan’s gains would be greatly reduced.


That Gu Immortal must have exerted all their effort to block Fang Yuan, they could not distract themselves by storing the contact heart Gu. When they left, they either had no method or lacked the resolve to destroy this place.


After storing the contact heart Gu, Fang Yuan’s gaze returned to the river bank.




Rank six strength path Immortal Gu — Pulling Water.


He activated this Immortal Gu, the river water was pulled up like silk by a formless force, before being moved into Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture.


This contact heart river bank was a special area filled with wisdom path dao marks, there were earth path, water path, wood path, and other dao marks as foundation, but they paled in quantity compared to wisdom path.


Fang Yuan took away the water, but the dense wisdom path dao marks still remained here.


“It is a pity that most of the wisdom path dao marks are on this land.” Fang Yuan sighed to himself.


There was no helping it.


Even though he had pulling mountain Immortal Gu, it was targeted at mountains, not land.


“I’ll bring the rocks with me.” Contact heart river bank’s rocks were filled with wisdom path dao marks too, they were excellent materials. Fang Yuan brought them along.


He took everything that he could take.


A moment later, he used rank seven Fixed Immortal Travel to leave this place, leaving behind a ransacked resource point.




Fang Yuan was currently being pursued, he could not stay at a place for long. Otherwise, his enemies would be able to encircle and plot against him.


Thus, when he attacked Plunder Shadow Earth Trench earlier and was blocked by the formation, he retreated wisely, it was not because he found out about Chi Qu You’s scheme.


Fang Yuan focused his mind as he used Fixed Immortal Travel, crossing an enormous distance, arriving above a mountain.


This mountain range was majestic and huge with curved contours. There were no trees on it, only bamboos. These bamboos were very thick and each were the size of giant trees. The leaves of the bamboo were triangular with a long base and sharp tip, the tips were thin and sharp but tough, many mortals would pluck these leaves and tie them to wooden rods to create wooden spears. This was also why this bamboo was called spear tip bamboo.


The spear tip bamboo forest was huge and covered the entire mountain range. There were many lifeforms living in the bamboo forest, it was filled with vitality. Most had cloud path dao marks, the highest quantity group was the cloud fox. This fox had snow white skin and could float in the air temporarily. Right now, Fang Yuan could see a group of cloud foxes floating around in the bamboo forest, playing with each other happily, it was a serene sight.


Fang Yuan’s eyes shone: “This is cloud bamboo mountain range, a large resource point under Chi clan’s control.”


The super forces of the five regions controlled resource points, classified into five groups, mini, small, middle, large, and giant.


Fang Yuan’s dragonfish sea area in sovereign immortal aperture was a giant resource point, it could produce copper, iron, silver, and gold dragonfish. It was Fang Yuan’s most important source of revenue now.


“Oh, oh no, the demon Fang Yuan is here!”


“Plunder Shadow Earth Trench was attacked, contact heart river bank was taken by him, to think that he would come to cloud bamboo mountain range at this crucial moment. Sigh.”


The two Chi clan rank six Gu Immortals defending the place saw Fang Yuan and were flustered.


Fang Yuan used Fixed Immortal Travel to arrive here, there was a huge disturbance as Fang Yuan did not conceal himself, Chi clan’s two Gu Immortals immediately noticed it.


The two Gu Immortals were currently deep within the mountain range, there was a huge spear tip bamboo in front of them, it was over twenty meters tall, the bamboo was so large that even ten grown men could not surround it with their arms.


And inside this giant bamboo, an Immortal Gu was being nurtured.


Indeed, a wild Immortal Gu was about to form here!


Chi clan’s two Gu Immortals were putting their focus here while defending cloud bamboo mountain range, Immortal Gu were unique, this wood path Immortal Gu that was about to form was the most important thing in cloud bamboo mountain range.


Boom boom boom!


Fang Yuan waved his sleeves, sending out sparks and smoke. The two Chi clan Gu Immortals sighed together, activating the Gu formation to block Fang Yuan’s attacks.


Chi clan was most skilled at formation path, while Chi Qu You was a formation path great grandmaster who could use natural dao marks and mortal Gu to create immortal formations.


Thus, Chi clan’s resource points all had immortal formations, and these resource points had something in similar, they were all dense with dao marks!


As Fang Yuan attacked, jade green light appeared on cloud bamboo mountain range that blocked Fang Yuan’s attacks. Countless spear tip bamboos started shaking as leaves shot out with intense winds, it was like a tornado of countless spears that shot at Fang Yuan with great intensity.


“This immortal formation is not only larger than the one at contact heart river bank, it can even retaliate.” Fang Yuan smiled, using reverse flow protection seal.


The bamboo leaves landed on his body and were all sent back to attack the immortal formation without question.


“This is reverse flow protection seal! Quick, quick, stop the retaliation method.” The two rank six Gu Immortals panicked before encouraging each other: “The Immortal Gu is about to form, it is a few minutes away from completion, we need to wait for the clan’s reinforcements.”


The immortal formation was manipulated by them and stopped attacking, it focused on defense.


Fang Yuan could not reverse its attacks anymore but he smiled nonchalantly, dispelling reverse flow protection seal.


He activated myriad dragon killer move again, sending a barrage of attacks at the immortal formation.


The immortal formation shook intensely, the two rank six Gu Immortals were sweating profusely, gritting their teeth as they spat out blood, defending themselves desperately.


After a while, Fang Yuan’s eyes shone with brilliance as he found a flaw of this formation.


Fang Yuan’s formation path attainment level was at grandmaster after all!


He noticed this flaw and started attacking it.


After a while, cloud bamboo mountain range’s immortal formation exploded intensely as a portion of the green light covering the mountain range dissipated suddenly.


“Oh no, he destroyed a portion of the immortal formation!”


“Hang on, reinforcements are coming.”


The two Chi clan rank sixes were greatly shocked.


Fang Yuan sent out attacks again, creating explosions on the defenseless cloud bamboo mountains.


Yama child soul explosion!


He found that soul explosion was more suited for destroying the immortal formation, he used it without hesitation.


The start was the most difficult, after creating a hole in the cloud bamboo immortal formation, the difficulty reduced drastically, Fang Yuan made good use of the weakness.


The two Chi clan Gu Immortals’ dreams did not come true.


Fang Yuan’s dismantling speed became faster and faster, he destroyed more and more of the formation until he reached the Chi clan Gu Immortals.


“It’s too late, let’s retreat!”


“What about the Immortal Gu? We are only a few minutes away from its creation.”


“Leave, we will lose our lives if we stay.”


The other Gu Immortal jolted into realization as he wiped his sweat: “You’re right, we’ll leave! What about the Immortal Gu?”


The Gu Immortal companion struggled for a moment before gritting his teeth: “Destroy it!”




