Chapter 16: Taking Everything


“Try touching it?”

“You have already been poisoned by my Single Gate Poison Gu. Without my other Gu that acts as the counterpart to it, after seven days you will turn into pus and blood and die.”

“To compare myself to Sir Flower Wine, I am nothing! I must have been unwell in the head, to actually not recognize such a great person, and to have offended you. Sir Flower Wine, please remember my clan’s generous hospitality and spare my life!”

The scene played a second time on the wall. Fang Yuan remained silent; when the moving image started to repeat itself for the third time, he finally sighed faintly. “I see.”

This video on the wall was probably the Flower Wine Monk’s doing, with the help of a Photo-Audio Gu. This Gu was able to record images and sound and play them back later.

The Photo-Audio Gu fed on light and sound to survive. For some reason, this secret cave had an ambient red glow, while at the same time the stone crevice was connected to the outside world, so it would not completely isolate the sounds outside. Right now Fang Yuan could still hear the roaring of the small waterfall. Thus, the Photo-Audio Gu was able to survive.

A moment ago, when Fang Yuan ripped away the withered vines, he had probably alarmed the Photo-Audio Gu hiding in the stone wall. As long as one was not stupid, they could guess that this video was authentic.

Back then, the fourth generation clan head tried to plot against the Flower Wine Monk, but he failed. After he lost the battle, he tried a sneak attack; even though the Flower Wine Monk eventually fled, the clan head died as a result. This part of history was considered disgraceful, and the surviving clan elders decided to tamper with the truth.

They reversed the roles of the fourth generation clan head and the Flower Wine Monk.

The Flower Wine Monk became the one who was defeated in battle and tried a sneak attack, and later died on the spot. On the other hand, the fourth generation leader was turned into a justified and perfect hero.

But this story had a flaw: the Flower Wine Monk had supposedly died on the spot, so the Gu Yue Clan should have his corpse, but then why was another pile of remains found?

In his previous life, the Gu Master who found it had probably been terrified after seeing the video. Those surviving elders had long been dead, but to prevent the truth of the Flower Wine Monk from returning, the true history was likely passed down in secret, known only to the clan’s top brass.

That Gu Master realized that if he single-handedly took the treasure, it would be a terrible risk. If someone ever found out that he had a connection to the Flower Wine Monk, he would naturally be eliminated. Thus, he made his choice and revealed everything to the top brass.

By doing so, it would prove his loyalty to the clan. His subsequent circumstances also showed that he made a wise choice.

However, even if he did that, it didn’t mean that Fang Yuan would do the same.

I had a difficult time searching for this treasure, so I should take everything for myself. Why should I share it with others? So what if I could be found out? How can you profit without risk? That Gu Master was a coward. Fang Yuan smiled coldly, ignoring the moving image that kept repeating on the stone wall. He turned around and continued to pull apart the dead vines and roots.

The Flower Wine Monk’s remains were entangled with the plants. The skeleton was originally intact, but now it had broken into several pieces. Fang Yuan couldn’t care less; he kicked away a piece of leg bone that was in the way and squatted again, searching through the remains.

Firstly he found a bag of primeval stones. When he opened it, he only found fifteen within.

“Old miser,” Fang Yuan spat. The Flower Wine Monk’s attire was flashy, but his savings didn’t live up to it.

However, he quickly thought of the reason: the Flower Wine Monk went through a fierce battle, and had also been infected by the Moonshadow Gu. He definitely would have used primeval stones to heal his injuries. Leaving behind this much was perhaps not so bad.

After that, he found the remains of a few dead Gu. Most of them were of the flower and grass varieties, and all had completely withered away. Gu were also living creatures, so they also needed food to survive, and most of them were picky. Though typically grass Gu and flower Gu needed less food, in this secret cave there was not even a single ray of sunshine.

And after that…

After that, there was nothing.

The Flower Wine Monk was on the same level as the fourth generation clan leader. After their fierce battle, he immediately fought with a dozen elders. His own Gu were mostly consumed, and after he fled, in order to heal his injuries, he grew the Wine Sack Flower Gu and the Rice Pouch Grass Gu here. Yet in the end, because of the Moonshadow Gu, he succumbed and died.

After three hundred years, the Gu in his possession also withered away. The only ones left were the Photo-Audio Gu on the wall and the Liquor Worm.

This Liquor Worm had probably survived thanks to the Wine Sack Flower Gu, barely enduring until now. But as the Gu withered away one by one, it also lost its food supply.

This prompted the Liquor Worm to go outside and look for wild Wine Sack Flowers. Then, on this night, it was attracted by the aroma of the green bamboo wine and found Fang Yuan.

The Photo-Audio Gu is a consumable Gu that can only make a single recording. Looks like the Liquor Worm is my greatest gain here. No wonder that Gu Master decided to report everything to the clan: the profit was not worth the risk. A sort of understanding rose in Fang Yuan’s heart.

In his memories, that Gu Master was already rank three, while the Liquor Worm was just a rank one Gu. To Fang Yuan, it was more precious, but to that Gu Master, it was pretty much nothing.

However, it was clear that the clan had rewarded him handsomely.

Should I also tell the clan? Fang Yuan thought for a moment, then he pushed the idea aside.

The Flower Wine Monk’s treasure seemed to be just the Liquor Worm and the primeval stones, but that was not the case. The most valuable thing was actually the wall that hid the Photo-Audio Gu. In other words, it was the looping video displayed there.

This video could be sold to other villages. The top brass of the two other villages on Qing Mao Mountain would certainly be very interested in this sort of evidence that could strike doubt in a clan.

What’s that?

Something about loyalty and honor to the clan?

Sorry, Fang Yuan does not have one bit of that.

This video could hardly destroy the clan. Furthermore, the clan would disregard someone with little talent like himself. He needed to rely on his own hard work to find cultivation resources, and in the early stage of cultivation, he needed to borrow the strength of others.

Rely on the clan? Heh heh. Fang Yuan sneered in his heart. I will not be so naive this time.

Do not depend on anyone; you must rely on yourself for everything in this world.

After making sure that he had ransacked every corner of the cave, Fang Yuan made his way back.

Pushing through the torrent of water and squeezing past the crevice, he returned to the outside. Looking back at the massive boulder, Fang Yuan had a sudden thought. It was said that the remains were found in a secret underground cave. But how was this place underground? It was clearly inside a cliff.

No wonder he couldn’t find it for seven days straight, even though he wasted so much effort. It seemed that in his past life, after the clan found out about this place, the first thing they did was to destroy the wall with the image, and then they spread truth riddled with lies to mislead the clansmen.

To be able to find this place tonight was partly due to luck, partly due to hard work, and mostly due to the green bamboo wine.

This wine was very rich; it could be said to be the best in Qing Mao Mountain. Perhaps in his past life, after that Gu Master lost his lover, he had been drinking this wine.

But all of this was no longer important. The Flower Wine Monk’s treasure had been unearthed and ransacked by Fang Yuan; although in the end it was rather disappointing, it was also reasonable. The most important thing was that Fang Yuan’s original goal (the Liquor Worm) was in his hands, and the item he needed the most (primeval stones) had also been obtained.

Next, I will hole up in the inn to refine this Gu. As long as I have a vital Gu, I can stay in the academy dormitories. I’ll also be able to borrow the clan’s resources to cultivate. I can only stay in this inn one or two nights, any longer and it will be too expensive, Fang Yuan pondered, his footsteps never ceasing as he hurried back to the village.

He was originally left with two primeval stones, but now he had gained fifteen, for a total of seventeen. But to a Gu Master, even this much was nothing.

