Chapter 160: Astounding Applause


With a rumble, the Frenzy Lightning Wolf fell to the ground like a giant elephant.

It opened its mouth wide, but its eyes lost focus as life slowly left its body.

It was covered in injuries, and its blood dyed the surroundings red. The pouring rain diluted the blood and spread it all around.

Some elders stood on the muddy ground near the wolf’s corpse, taking deep breaths as their bodies were drenched by the rain. They were covered in wolf blood and mud, looking like beggars.

“We finally killed it!”

“This Frenzy Lightning Wolf actually had a defensive Gu worm in its body, it was so difficult to take down…”

“Luckily, we had Elder Fang Yuan’s Blood Moon Gu accumulating injuries on it, or else it would have been even more difficult.”

The elders looked towards Fang Yuan.

Initially, when they had heard that Fang Yuan had refined the Blood Moon Gu, they had disapproved of his unconventional choice. But after actually seeing it in action, it seemed that it was very effective in dealing with Frenzy Lightning Wolves.

“I am flattered, fellow esteemed elders. If not for your assistance and protection, I would not have been able to attack so relentlessly,” Fang Yuan replied politely, wiping the rain from his face.

“No, no, it is our duty.”

“We’ve already grown old. We didn’t feel it before, but after fighting together with Elder Fang Yuan, we feel that we have truly aged.”

“Indeed, indeed.”

The elders laughed together.

In the battle, Fang Yuan had displayed a strong grasp of when to advance and retreat. Many times his ruthless and savage attacks were more effective than even the most experienced elders, causing them to see him in a new light.

Rumor had portrayed him as an aloof and unruly person, but the polite and humble attitude he displayed, lacking any sense of arrogance, gave them a good impression of him.

“I still have many aspects to improve from your examples,” Fang Yuan said respectfully, but his eyes shone with a dark light.

The Blood Moon Gu had pros and cons.

After using it for a while, he had some insights about it.

The Blood Moon Gu specialized in prolonged battles, as the injuries it inflicted would not heal naturally. As time passed, the enemy’s wounds would grow more and more severe.

But this was predicated on the fact that the opponent had no healing Gu worm.

Nature was balanced, and there was no strongest Gu worm. Each Gu was bound to have strengths and weaknesses.

The Blood Moon Gu’s greatest drawback is the few days of the month where it oozes blood and is heavily weakened. It is my main attacking method, so this makes it too unstable. But after I get the Chainsaw Golden Centipede from the Flower Wine Monk’s inheritance, I can cover this weakness.

Recently, the village had been on high alert due to the constant attacks from the wolf tide. As a clan elder, Fang Yuan attracted even more attention than before and had no chance to go to the rock crack secret cave.

“Quick, save our clansmen!”

“Sweep the battlefield, don’t miss a single Gu worm!”

Seeing the Frenzy Lightning Wolf fall, a group of healing Gu Masters immediately came forth.

“Esteemed elders, you all have exerted yourselves, please accept special treatment from our Medicine Hall.” The leading Gu Master bowed towards Fang Yuan and the other elders.

“Ah…Li Chen, of the Medicine Hall.” A few of the elders recognized this person, nodding and changing their expressions.

They were courteous to Fang Yuan, putting on faces full of smiles. But towards this person, they acted more reserved and displayed a bearing suitable for their authority.

This was the difference in status!

Li Chen was only a rank two Gu Master.

“I have no injuries, I do not require treatment. Elders, let’s talk again when we’re free.” Fang Yuan nodded to them.

“Elder Fang Yuan is so outstanding, he’s not even injured from such a battle, what a true young hero!”

“Compared to Elder Fang Yuan, we are really old.”

“Hehe, take care of yourself, Elder Fang Yuan.”

The elders chuckled good-naturedly as they spoke.

“Elder Fang Yuan, please pardon my rudeness, but do allow our Medicine Hall healing Gu Master to do a check up for you,” Li Chen insisted.

He was a member of the medicine faction, and after Fang Yuan had angered Yao Ji to the point of fainting and caused her downfall, he naturally bore hatred towards him. But his position demanded that he not mistreat Fang Yuan.

“Thanks for your goodwill, but it’s fine. I’ll see everyone again!” Fang Yuan patted Li Chen’s shoulder, leaving with a smile.

The elders smiled or nodded in response.

Only after he left did their expressions change rapidly, turning solemn.

Fang Yuan, although only C grade, had grown to this point. It was truly rare! Fighting together with him, they could feel his heartlessness and ruthlessness. It was enough to make them feel threatened. When they were seventeen, did they have such achievements?

Especially when they saw him smile as he patted the medicine faction member’s shoulder, such talent in politics and scheming, it was truly stunning!

•••

“Lord Fang Yuan, do you recognize me?” Along the road, a person greeted Fang Yuan respectfully.

“You are…” Fang Yuan’s eyes narrowed, recognizing this person as his classmate. But he could not remember their name. He did recall that, when he extorted his classmates for primeval stones, this person always handed them over nicely. It showed his brilliance under his meek personality.

“Lord Fang Yuan, I am Gu Yue Ding Zong. I was fortunate enough to be one of your classmates. Actually, after the news spread that you had become an elder, many of our classmates expressed their admiration and envy. They’ve been wanting to discuss cultivation experiences with you. Are you free tonight, my lord?” Ding Zong rubbed his hands together and smiled, his eyes narrowing.

“Oh, is that so…” Fang Yuan’s eyebrows raised, then he nodded. “Okay, but let me change my clothes first. This drenched attire is making me uncomfortable.”

“I have already prepared warm water and new clothes, and several beautiful attendants are waiting to serve you, my lord!” Ding Zong smiled even more broadly, his expression very eager.

Fang Yuan shook his head. “No, before that, I have to go to the underground storage.”

“Ah, I see.” Ding Zong’s expression changed. The underground storage was only accessible to the clan elders. To everyone else, it was forbidden.

His smile became even more subservient, his back arched even further, and his tone became even more obsequious. “Lord, go ahead with your business. This lowly one’s time is not valuable, and waiting for you is also an honor.”

Fang Yuan nodded, not speaking anymore and continued to walk away.

Ding Zong took a step back quickly, opening a path as he bent his back and sent Fang Yuan off with his gaze.

Entering the underground cavern again.

The secret room used to store precious Gu worms was very large, almost as big as the village square.

But as for the contents, there were only a few dozen Gu.

Cave Declaration Grass, Air Return Cicada, Dried Bone Dragonfly, Phoenix Wing Butterfly…these Gu worms varied from rank two to four.

There were very few rank two Gu, and among them was a Love Life Separation Gu. The number one rank two poison Gu, its injuries could not be easily treated even by rank three healing Gu.

This Gu was the one that Wang Er had used back in his assassination attempt. The clan had recovered it from his corpse and kept it here.

Of the rest, most were rank three Gu, with a handful of rank four.

Fang Yuan did not have high hopes. Although the clan had some fortune, it was still middling, and had to deal with the pressure of competing with the other two villages on the mountain as well as the wolf tide.

But to think that he actually found a desirable Gu.

A Tusita Flower.

It was a rank three grass Gu shaped like a red lantern, and it had three round green leaves. These leaves were thick and fat, and they pointed in three different directions in symmetry.

The Tusita Flower was also known as the Tusita Grass Gu. Not only could it store food and other objects, it could also store primeval stones, and it was one of the most ideal Gu he could have hoped for.

To think that this backwater village had a Tusita Flower. With this, I can cover the weakness of storage. Fang Yuan rejoiced and chose it immediately.

Actually, there should be at least one rank five Gu somewhere in the village. The Gu Yue Clan has had two rank five experts over the years, and they were bound to leave behind some Gu worms. But they won’t be found here. Such Gu will be the trump cards of the village, fed at great expense using all the village’s resources. Though, rather than “feeding”, it is more like giving offerings.

Fang Yuan left the tunnel. The rain had stopped, but the weather was still gloomy, and the air was still tainted with the smell of blood.

Fang Yuan changed to a clean set of clothes and slowly made his way towards the gathering point.

“Elder Fang Yuan, you are here, it is our greatest honor to have you with us!” Ding Zong had been standing at the door, eagerly awaiting Fang Yuan’s arrival. The moment he saw Fang Yuan in the distance, he rushed out to receive him.

He brought Fang Yuan into the bamboo building. There was already a feast prepared, and many people were sitting there.

On seeing Fang Yuan, they quickly stood.

Suddenly, praise and flattery rushed over him like a tide.

“Greetings to Lord Fang Yuan.”

“After so long, Elder Fang Yuan’s glamor is greater than ever, this lowly one truly admires you!”

“To be Lord Fang Yuan’s classmate, it is the luck of three lifetimes! Even thinking about it now, it feels like a dream…”

Fang Yuan’s gaze swept across the table. He recognized them all, they were all classmates that he had extorted.

“It’s my pleasure.” He smiled lightly as he sat at the highest position.

“Serve the dishes, serve the best wine!” Ding Zong shouted, and the servants quickly got to work.

All sorts of food was placed on the table, their flavors excellent; it seemed Ding Zong’s family was quite wealthy. Serving such dishes during the wolf tide was not cheap, and it showed his sincerity.

“Elder Fang Yuan, this lowly one toasts you!”

“Elder Fang Yuan, please take your time!”

Fang Yuan was really very casual. He only took a small sip from his cup every time, but nobody bore any complaints.

After toasting almost everyone and having drunk a decent amount, he suddenly held his cup and stood up, laughing. “The young are foolish. I was immature in the past and did some horrible things. I hope everyone can forgive me.”

Once he stood up, no one else dared to continue sitting. All of them quickly got up.

Everyone knew that the matter Fang Yuan was referring to was the primeval stone extortion.

They quickly shouted, “Not at all, not at all!”

“Elder Fang Yuan truly has character, a true hero!”

“Having our primeval stones eyed by Elder Fang Yuan is our greatest honor!”

“That’s right, that’s right, Elder Fang Yuan’s glamor and heroism has always been engraved in my heart…”

Fang Yuan drained his cup in one go as everyone cheered and clapped.

