Chapter 1606: Spring, Summer, Autumn, Winter


In the sovereign immortal aperture’s time, several days later.


Fang Yuan’s time path clone once again went in front of the immortal formation in Mini Green Heaven.


“Be careful, I am going to start.” The time path clone said solemnly.


“Okay.” The Formation Spirit materialized, nodding its head.


There was a Gu Immortal standing to the side, he was Ying Wu Xie, looking tense at this moment.


A Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body entered the dream realm, not long later, it grabbed Xia Cha’s foot and dragged her out.


The whole process was done cautiously.


Xia Cha was still in a deep sleep, she showed no abnormal movements.


Even though Fang Yuan was using a Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique clone, he only dared to drag out half of this rank eight Gu Immortal’s body.


Xia Cha’s upper half was still inside the dream realm, while the lower half was exposed outside the dream realm.


The crucial immortal aperture was near her stomach area, so it was okay to do this.




Next, it was the turn of Fang Yuan’s main body. He had already prepared for a while, activating immortal killer move great thief ghost hand immediately.


The eerie great thief ghost hand slowly flew towards Xia Cha’s immortal aperture. However, before it could touch her, wisps of dao marks shined on her body.


This was a passive time path method, even if Xia Cha was deep in sleep, it could automatically activate.


This defensive method could show no effect in the dream realm. But Fang Yuan’s great thief ghost hand also was useless in dream realms.


Only by dragging Xia Cha outside the dream realm could Fang Yuan steal her Immortal Gu.


Fang Yuan was not even the slightest bit surprised at seeing the great thief ghost hand being obstructed.


He had been making attempts since a few days back, and this was not the first time.


This time path defensive move was indeed troublesome, but with his time path attainment level and using the light of wisdom, Fang Yuan had already deduced a way to get rid of it.


Thereupon, Fang Yuan activated another killer move.


The killer move showed remarkable effect, the dao marks light on Xia Cha’s body dimmed immediately, the great thief ghost hand successfully disappeared into her immortal aperture.




“Fortunately, Xia Cha’s defensive method is not as remarkable as the people of Heavenly Court. It is probably a temporary arrangement to deal with my great thief ghost hand, which is why I was able to resolve this move within a short period of time.”


This time path defensive move was only a rank seven move. Fang Yuan used his time path Immortal Gu along with many mortal Gu to form a killer move that could get rid of it.


“In the ambush against Southern Border’s pursuing forces using the time path formation, the important time path Immortal Gu were not damaged, but almost all the mortal Gu as well as multiple rank six time path Immortal Gu were destroyed. This is rather damaging to my plan in the River of Time. Let’s see what I can obtain from Xia Cha’s body.”


Fang Yuan was full of anticipation.


Soon after, his expression suddenly changed as the great thief ghost hand flew over unsteadily.


It was now clenched into a fist, there seemed to be something inside that was struggling to break free.


Fang Yuan was not surprised, but happy to see this.


Ying Wu Xie, who had a rough understanding of great thief ghost hand, blurted out in joy: “Awesome! Stealing a rank eight Immortal Gu at the very first attempt!”


At this time, however, the Formation Spirit spoke: “Master, there seems to be some disturbance in Xia Cha’s soul.”


Fang Yuan’s time path clone immediately turned heavy, quickly controlling the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body to drag Xia Cha back into the dream realm.


The Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body stopped beside Xia Cha and observed for a good while, it only returned after seeing Xia Cha stabilize and continue to be in deep sleep.


Ordinary Gu Immortals would become unstable if only half their body was in dream realm, they would show indications of waking up from the dream, but it would take a long while.


Seemingly because Xia Cha cultivated time path, this time period seemed to have greatly shortened for her. Fang Yuan had sensed this back when he moved her into the sovereign immortal aperture. Back then, Shadow Sect immortals had broken out in cold sweat.


Only after resolving Xia Cha’s situation did Fang Yuan and the rest inspect what Immortal Gu the great thief ghost hand had stolen.


This Immortal Gu was struggling fiercely, but great thief ghost hand borrowed the power of rank nine killer move ghostly concealment. Previously, it had stolen Soul Beast Token, so stealing rank eight Immortal Gu was completely within its capability.


Adding on Fang Yuan’s plentiful methods, refining it was a done deal with no surprise.


After taking a while, Fang Yuan successfully refined this Gu.


This Gu worm was a milky-white silkworm, the size of an adult’s index finger. It only had the weight of a chicken egg, and was tender to the touch like an infant’s cheeks. There was a small green leaf growing on its head, which looked like a mulberry leaf. Interestingly, when the silkworm curled up its body, the mulberry leaf wrapped around its whole body.


The dense aura of the Gu worm reflected its extraordinary identity at all times — rank eight time path Immortal Gu!


But as for what Immortal Gu it was, Fang Yuan was not certain.


He could only guess: “This is probably the rank eight time path Immortal Gu Spring.”


If spring Gu was used alone, it could bring the season of spring to an area. Ice and snow would melt, warm wind would blow, and new sprouts would grow.


Gu Masters nurture, use, and refine Gu. Using Gu was a deep and profound topic. When one obtains an unknown Immortal Gu, it needed to be constantly probed and tested to deduce its ability, this aspect often had unmeasurable danger.


After Fang Yuan refined this Immortal Gu, he was not in a hurry to examine it, because he had more reliable ways to obtain the correct answer.


This answer was in Xia Cha’s body.


As long as he searched her soul, Fang Yuan would not only obtain this Immortal Gu’s status and its usage, he could even understand the spring scissors killer move which she had used.


Fang Yuan was not in a hurry to search her soul as well, Xia Cha’s soul was protected by her body, and it would not be easy to search her soul with her rank eight cultivation. Fang Yuan had a strict plan, he planned to first extract Xia Cha’s soul, separating it from her body before targeting the soul!


Extracting Xia Cha’s soul was also a troublesome matter and would need Fang Yuan to prepare for some time.


Moreover, before this, Fang Yuan needed to first steal all the Gu worms in Xia Cha’s immortal aperture.


Fang Yuan continued to deal with Xia Cha the same way.


The second time, great thief ghost hand only stole a rank five mortal Gu, a huge contrast with the first time.


“Looks like unlucky year’s effect has already disappeared, the difference between my luck and Xia Cha’s luck has been reduced by a lot.” Fang Yuan quickly understood the reason.


For rank eight Gu Immortals to have their accomplishments, they themselves represented extraordinary luck, and might also have methods to increase their luck.


Fang Yuan relied on his incomplete luck path true inheritance to possess luck that was higher than ordinary rank eight Gu Immortals. But this could not possess a great threat to a person like Feng Jiu Ge, let alone Feng Jin Huang.


After Fang Yuan was clear of the reason, he continued to use unlucky year on Xia Cha while frequently using great thief ghost hand to steal her Immortal Gu.


Over ten days passed by in the sovereign immortal aperture’s time.


Fang Yuan had obtained a large amount of mortal Gu as well as Xia Cha’s four Immortal Gu.


These four Immortal Gu formed a complete set, Spring, Summer, Autumn, and Winter.


Spring Gu was like a white silkworm with a mulberry leaf on its head.


Summer Gu was like a black mosquito the size of a palm, but it had three pairs of thin wings, and shined with multi-colored lights when it flew.


Autumn Gu was like a dark red cricket carved from precious and ancient wood. Its cry was extremely loud and resounding.


Winter Gu was a gray pupa that emitted bursts of cold air.


Spring Gu and summer Gu were rank eight, while autumn Gu and winter Gu were rank seven.


After Fang Yuan stole these four Immortal Gu, he repeatedly used great thief ghost hand but could only steal mortal Gu. Thus, he conjectured Xia Cha likely only had these four Immortal Gu!


This was similar to Hei Fan’s situation. Hei Fan also had few Immortal Gu, back then, Fang Yuan had only obtained rank eight Years Flow Like Water along with rank seven year Gu and after Gu.


Although Xia Cha had two rank eight Immortal Gu, Hei Fan’s years flow like water Gu brought enormous benefits. Possessing it meant becoming the number one giant of year Gu business in the whole world!


All of a sudden, Fang Yuan gained four more Immortal Gu, they were all of time path, two rank eight and two rank seven. This addition greatly filled the huge demand Fang Yuan had in this aspect.


But he still had to soul search Xia Cha to know how to use them.


The moment he obtained these Immortal Gu, the pressure on him greatly dissipated. Without Immortal Gu, even if Xia Cha accidentally woke up, she would be like a tiger without claws, with extremely low strength.


The primary task was to take out the Immortal Gu of all the Gu Immortal captives.


Second was to extract their souls, separating their soul and body. Besides the soul, the body could also be controlled by wills. Several wills left casually in the immortal aperture could temporarily substitute the soul to control the body.


Only then would Fang Yuan make a move on their immortal apertures.


However, Fang Yuan had to slow down the task of stealing Immortal Gu.


His immortal essence was running out!


It was already showing signs of depletion before, and in recent times, he had set up an immortal formation, fought a huge battle, then set up another immortal formation after returning to the sovereign immortal aperture, while also repeatedly using pure dream reality seeker transformation, great thief ghost hand, and other killer moves.


Fang Yuan’s immortal essence reserves had already fallen to a dangerous level.


The year Gu business was doing dismally in treasure yellow heaven, even his dragonfish business was unable to support his enormous expenditure. Dang Hun Mountain was still recovering.


However, this did not go beyond Fang Yuan’s control.


He sneered: “Hehe, it is time for those Southern Border forces to bleed.”


It was definitely going to be a fun time ahead.


Not only was he going to extort immortal essence stones, Fang Yuan was going to extort large amounts of resources to raise and feed his newly obtained Immortal Gu.


Without cultivation resources, how could he get stronger?


Get stronger my ass!


There was a good saying — Kill and rob to earn wealth. Killing, extorting, pillaging and burning were the hallmarks of the demonic path!




