Chapter 161: Willingly Exploited


Fang Yuan set down his cup and sat once again.


Only then did everyone dare to sit down. It was worth noting that not all of his former classmates were present. For instance, Mo Bei and Chi Cheng, as well as others with strong backgrounds, were not among the crowd.


“It’s about time, I have to go. This was an excellent banquet.” Fang Yuan showed his inclination to leave.


Ding Zong, upon hearing the praise, was overjoyed. He quickly stood up, taking out a money bag from his robe.


The bag was filled with primeval stones.


He smiled and bowed, “Upon hearing my lord’s wisdom today, I’ve felt a strong sense of enlightenment, a reward that cannot be expressed in words. This is a small gift, but I hope my lord can accept my token of gratitude.”


His words were obvious bullshit. From the start of the banquet, he and the others had been flattering Fang Yuan nonstop, so how could he have gotten any enlightenment?


But everyone else acted as if this indeed really happened, shouting loudly and urging Fang Yuan to accept his gratitude.


Fang Yuan did not reject it. He smiled lightly and took the bag very naturally.


Then came a second, and a third; suddenly everyone was coming up to offer their gifts, all primeval stones!


“Alright, alright.” Fang Yuan smiled as he accepted them all.


Dozens of bags filled with primeval stones, how could Fang Yuan carry them all? Ding Zong quickly summoned a few family servants to carry this burden.


In this short amount of time, Fang Yuan gained almost ten thousand primeval stones!


Finally, Fang Yuan slowly stood up and raised his cup once again. “Our encounter is the work of fate. Our time as classmates has been engraved in our hearts. It is truly worthy of a toast.”


“Yes!”


“Well said, Lord Fang Yuan.”


“Such perfect phrasing, taking the words right out of our hearts! This is talent, no doubt!”


Everyone stood up, praising him as they raised their cups.


They all either had no background, or it wasn’t strong enough, and Fang Yuan had become an elder. They were afraid of his revenge, but at the same time, they also wanted to enter his social network.


Fang Yuan smiled lightly, raising his hand and toasting with his wine cup.


At that moment, the dark clouds dissipated, and lustrous moonlight enveloped the garden outside. The cool air was mixed with the smell of blood, and reality was extremely cruel.


But in this hall, the lights and decorations were beautiful, wine and fortune were overflowing, and everyone smiled superficially, as if they were in heaven on earth.


This is the allure of the system. Fang Yuan’s eyes glinted as he stared at the wine in his cup.


Back then, he had extorted his classmates for a mere handful of primeval stones, but he had incurred public outcry.


However, right now, without him even saying a word, these people were all willing, no, fighting to be the first to give him hundreds of primeval stones!


On the surface, this difference in treatment looked like it was just because he had become an elder.


In reality, it was because he had previously been outside the system. Right now, however, he had entered the organization’s management.


Under the system, the members were all exploited willingly. Even without any hints from Fang Yuan, they would come forth and bribe him, or use their connections to get into his faction, or throw themselves into his arms to charm him.


It was the way of this world, but it was also true of Earth.


This world’s people are hilarious. Rob and extort them for a meager sum and they resist violently, screaming injustice. But bribing the higher-ups, sending them their gifts, their bodies, their virginities, they do it willingly. And they are even afraid that it is not enough! I have received so many primeval stones today by borrowing the power of the system.


Fang Yuan laughed coldly in his heart, thinking of Qing Shu, Mo Yan, and Chi Shan.


They were all B grade, much more talented than Fang Yuan!


But all of them had cultivated slowly and stayed at rank two for a long time.


Did they not work hard enough?


Hehe.


Let’s laugh a little.


This was the deprivation and pressure from the system.


Such deprivation and pressure was invisible. Ordinary people could not even feel it!


Take Fang Yuan’s situation for example. The primeval stones these people had gifted him, if used on themselves, would definitely be helpful for their own cultivation.


Thus, bribery was a form of deprivation!


Countless weaklings fought to bribe the higher-ups. This was a form of gathering resources and fortifying the authority of the higher-ups.


Other than monetary fortune, there was also the deprivation of time.


Elites like Qing Shu did not need to bribe their elders, but instead had to offer up their time. They had to do this and that on a daily basis, running errands, doing missions, and they considered it right — it was all for the attention and favor of their betters!


If that time was used to cultivate, Qing Shu would’ve reached rank three. Then, using the Wood Charm Gu, he might’ve even been able to kill Bai Ning Bing!


The amazing part was that the clan elders did not want their junior Qing Shu to advance to rank three so quickly.


For such a useful pawn, if he really became rank three and became their equal, how could they make use of him?


Who was willing to have their authority decreased?


Thus, they subconsciously slowed him and suppressed him, even using reasoning like, “I think well of this lad, but he needs to train. Only through refinement can he become true jade…”


Hehe.


This is the truth of the system. If one cannot see beyond this, regardless of how heroic or talented they are, they are merely tigers and dragons in chains. No matter how gifted they are, so what?


Though he was caught up in his thoughts, it was merely a moment in reality.


“Everyone, please drink up!” Fang Yuan moved the cup to his lips, downing the drink in one mouthful.


Everyone quickly toasted him, not daring to leave behind a single drop.


“Goodbye.” Fang Yuan cupped his fist, taking his leave. The family servants held the primeval stones as they followed behind him.


Everyone quickly sent him off.


“Please continue drinking, you don’t have to see me off,” Fang Yuan said, but they did not do so. Instead, they left their seats and continued their flattery.


Fang Yuan continued, “I like peace and quiet.”


Seeing his expression, everyone finally understood his intentions and remained in the hall.


Seeing Fang Yuan’s figure leaving, some people sighed, while others remained silent. One of them exclaimed, “Elder Fang Yuan truly is a legend, such elegance…”


They were all like the frog in the well, only able to see the moon from below. They admired Fang Yuan’s unrestrained position but they were unable to see beyond the system’s restrictions.


In reality, as long as one joined the system, they would be weakened, and their benefits would be sacrificed.


Even the clan leader had to sacrifice. He needed to manage the clan, which consumed much of his time and effort.


It was just that the members at the bottom of the chain were deprived more severely. The higher one’s status was, the more benefits they would enjoy.


Initially, when Fang Yuan extorted his classmates, he’d been working against the system, acting alone and not even sparing his own brother. He had done so to avoid this deprivation. Thus, he had ample time and energy to advance to rank three and become a clan elder, causing countless others to gasp in wonder.


But now that he was an elder, he had transformed himself. His temperament became mild and respectful, full of authority and status as he enjoyed the benefits of being an elder, causing many to be filled with envy.


This separation and joining, entering and leaving, was filled with deep wisdom and knowledge.


But how many people could see it clearly?


Fang Yuan was not exploited, but he still enjoyed the benefits. In the eyes of commoners, this was unrestrained and elegant.


•••


“Alright, put the things on the table and you can go,” Fang Yuan said.


The family servants did not dare to have an opinion, quietly placing down the items and bowing to Fang Yuan before taking their leave.


This was no longer the rented apartment Fang Yuan had stayed in before.


After advancing to elder, the clan had allocated him a brand new bamboo building.


There was a study, and a secret room for closed-door cultivation, but there were no family servants; Fang Yuan needed to find them himself.


Tusita Flower, come out.


Fang Yuan willed in his heart, and with the injection of his white silver primeval essence, the Tusita Flower residing on his tongue as a tattoo immediately came alive.


He opened his mouth and spat out a red light, which floated in the air before him as it grew into a rotating red lantern.


Fang Yuan activated the Tusita Flower. Instantly, light flashed and dyed his surroundings red.


When the red light shone upon the primeval stones, there was a formless attraction. All the stones flew out of their bags and entered the Tusita Flower.


A moment later, the red light dissipated and Fang Yuan opened his mouth. The Tusita Flower entered his mouth once more, landing on his tongue and turning into a red flower lantern tattoo.


This Tusita Flower is a rank three Gu, able to store primeval stones and other things. Among rank three storage Gu, it is one of the better ones, able to store a max of thirty thousand primeval stones. But considering that I have to store other things as well, the most would probably be around fifteen thousand.


Although it was his first time using this Gu worm, with his previous life’s experience, he could quickly estimate its limits.


Primeval stones were undeniably the most basic necessity for a Gu Master’s cultivation.


Without primeval stones, a Gu Master would be severely lacking in momentum.


They also helped to quickly restore primeval essence, which was quite useful in battle.


Especially for Gu Masters who traveled alone, primeval stones were the most basic necessity. Normally, one would need at least ten thousand primeval stones to ensure their basic needs were covered for a period of time. And every once in a while, they would require replenishment.


For Fang Yuan, fifteen thousand primeval stones was a bit lacking, but it was still acceptable.


First I borrowed three thousand primeval stones from Chi Lian, and with today’s earnings, I do not have to fret over primeval stones for a while. In the six categories, I have the Blood Moon Gu and Sky Canopy Gu for attack and defense, Thunderwings for movement, Tusita Flower for storage, and Earth Communication Ear Grass for recon. I only lack a healing Gu, Fang Yuan calculated.


He had exchanged his Nine Leaf Vitality Grass for the token he used to get his Tusita Flower.


But even if he still had it, its healing ability was not satisfactory.


Among rank three healing Gu, there are a few desirable ones. Endless Vitality Gu can provide sustained healing and expends little primeval essence. It is good for Gu Masters like me with low aptitude. There’s also the Undying Grass, which can keep a Gu Master alive as long as they have a single breath left. It is excellent for saving one’s life. The most optimal choice is Self-Reliance Gu, which makes use of the Gu Master’s bodily strength. The greater their strength, the more it can stimulate their metabolism and the faster their injuries will recover.


But how could he obtain any of these Gu worms?


He had even checked the Gu Yue Clan’s underground storage, but found no such Gu.


And such precious Gu would never be listed on the wolf tide’s exchange board.


The only possibility lay in the Flower Wine Monk’s inheritance.


But the chances were slim, and Fang Yuan barely held any hope. He could feel that the inheritance was coming to an end. How could there be the exact Gu that he needed right at the end?


It would be too perfect, too idealistic.


But Fang Yuan knew how cruel this world was. Placing one’s faith in such a thing was the definition of naivete!


But even so, I have to finish exploring the inheritance, for the Chainsaw Golden Centipede if nothing else, Fang Yuan thought.


