Chapter 162: Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus


Although he had planned to investigate the Flower Wine inheritance ground, Fang Yuan couldn’t find the time to do so. As an elder, many were watching him, and with the constant threat of the wolf tide, he had to participate in many battles and did not have an opportunity to leave.

By the time he returned to the rock crack secret cave, it was over ten days later.

On a late summer night.

The rain had just stopped, bringing the atmosphere of autumn itself.

A golden moon reigned above, full as could be.

The faint howling of wolves mingled with the remaining crickets. Fang Yuan stood on a nearby slope, observing.

Gu Yue Village was bright with countless lamps. The oft-repaired walls betrayed the loss of peace and tranquility it once had. It was almost like a great beast, weary from battle, lying on the ground and gasping for breath.

Even the progress of the wolf tide has changed greatly after my rebirth. In my memories, the Thunder Crown Wolf arrived three days ago, but now it is nowhere to be seen.

Fang Yuan took one final look before turning away. Tonight, he had managed to squeeze out some time, and he had to make good use of it.

A moment later, he entered the rock crack secret cave again.

The cave entrance had been purposely dusted with rock powder. There had never been any footsteps left in it, showing that this place was yet undiscovered.

This small effort to detect intruders could not be called professional, but in Fang Yuan’s experience, it could be quite useful.

Of course, he did not only have one method of precaution, and after several layers of checks, he finally confirmed that this secret cave was still safe for the time being.

He breathed a sigh of relief. After all, since his rebirth, many things had been altered. Gu Masters frequently patrolled around the village, especially during the wolf tide, so someone might have discovered this place.

He entered the tunnel and went into the second secret room. Pushing open the rock door, he entered the stone forest.

The path he had cleared through the pillars was once again filled with jade eye stone monkeys.

But Fang Yuan was already a rank three Gu Master. Although the Blood Moon Gu did not have the highest attacking power among rank three Gu worms, it was definitely far superior to the Moonglow Gu.

Fang Yuan spent six hours reopening a path, exterminating almost ten groups of monkeys along the way.

He came to the most central area and stepped down the rough rock stairs, entering the third secret room. A stone door blocked his path, and on it was carved “Golden Centipede’s cave is precarious, Earth Communication is the way to avoid disaster.” On his last visit, he had stopped here.

But this time, he opened the door with no hesitation, striding into the darkness.

He held a torch that illuminated the surrounding ten paces.

The centipede’s cave was three meters tall and two meters wide. There were also many narrow paths that extended in every direction.

Wherever Fang Yuan walked, the torch flame dispelled the darkness. Initially, the only sound was of his footsteps, but soon there were rustling noises from all directions.

The sounds gathered and merged, growing louder. Soon, at the edge of the torchlight, he saw the centipedes.

There were many of them, and they were ferocious. It was only due to the brightness of the flame that they did not approach and attack Fang Yuan. But he knew that as time passed, more of them would gather, the ones in the back pushing the others forward to break the stalemate.

But he did not mind it.

If he was still rank two with only the White Jade Gu’s defense, he would definitely not cause such a commotion and draw their attention. But now that he was rank three, the Sky Canopy Gu’s defense was enough for him to withstand the bites of the insects, and his only concern was the insect king: the Chainsaw Golden Centipede.

It had appeared!

Fang Yuan purposely released a trace of white silver primeval essence into the air, exposing his rank three Gu Master aura.

This aura caused the Chainsaw Golden Centipede to feel a strong threat. In its mind, a dangerous “wild beast” had entered its territory, and it needed to be eliminated immediately.

Fang Yuan stood on guard against it.

This Chainsaw Golden Centipede was almost two meters long, its body as wide as two fists. It paused at the edge of the torchlight, coiling around itself like a python preparing to ambush its prey.

But in the next moment, it moved slowly, dozens and dozens of legs clicking as it gradually drew closer to Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan’s rank three aura only made it alert, and not afraid. If he was rank four, it would not pressure Fang Yuan like this. If he was rank five and revealed even a bit of that aura, it would run for its life.

Fang Yuan raised the torch high. As the fire burned, it illuminated the surroundings and caused the shadows to flicker.

Under the light of the flame, the Chainsaw Golden Centipede’s exoskeleton glowed with an eerie light. Along the sides of its body, there were silver saw teeth. As it approached, the saw teeth moved slowly as well, buzzing faintly like a chainsaw.

The other centipedes gathered towards Fang Yuan from the walls and the ground.

Some of them climbed to the ceiling, then dropped down, landing on Fang Yuan’s shoulders and back.

Fang Yuan did not mind it; he activated the Sky Canopy Gu, and a thick white crystal light appeared on his body, subtly taking the form of full-body armor.

The centipedes’ poisonous limbs could not do anything against this white crystal armor.

They twisted and turned, climbing on his face and behind his ears. It was a little disgusting, but Fang Yuan could tolerate much worse than this, and he ignored them completely. In his previous life, he had once been starving in the wilderness and had eaten almost anything to survive. He had even eaten non-poisonous centipedes raw. They actually weren’t that bad; the taste was a bit strange, but he got used to it after eating them for a while.

He only placed his attention on the Chainsaw Golden Centipede.

It moved gradually, reducing the distance between them.

When it was three or four paces away, Fang Yuan stopped leaking traces of white silver primeval essence, causing his aura to instantly weaken.

The Chainsaw Golden Centipede acutely felt the change, and it moved like golden lightning.

Pew!

In the blink of an eye, it closed the gap.

By the time Fang Yuan managed to react, the Chainsaw Golden Centipede had already twisted around his waist like a snake. It opened its mouth and struck towards Fang Yuan’s face.

Fang Yuan quickly stretched out both arms and grabbed the head of the giant centipede.

It struggled fiercely, and Fang Yuan, even with the strength of two boars, felt like he couldn’t hold it back.

Especially when the rows of blades on either side of its body began to move rapidly.

Clank clank clank!

The blades ripped and tore at the white light of the Sky Canopy Gu.

Fang Yuan felt his white silver primeval essence draining rapidly as sparks flew from the barrier protecting him.

Fang Yuan only had initial stage light silver primeval essence, and with only 42% in reserve, he could not support such an expenditure.

However, Fang Yuan was unfazed; even though he could not break free from the Chainsaw Golden Centipede, he had a trump card!

Spring Autumn Cicada!

He willed in his heart and the Spring Autumn Cicada’s shadow appeared from his aperture.

It was gradually recovering; its wings were tender and new like fresh leaves, and its body had regained something of its original royal luster. But overall, it still gave off a withered feeling of death.

It had recovered to around twenty percent, thus its aura was much stronger.

Once it felt that aura, the Chainsaw Golden Centipede that had been struggling intensely immediately surrendered!

It was only a rank three wild Gu worm. Under the aura of the rank six Spring Autumn Cicada, it did not dare to move at all.

Fang Yuan felt it most evidently. Previously, he had been wrestling with the Chainsaw Golden Centipede like a poisonous python, barely able to prevent it from biting him; the next moment, it had become a soft and harmless rope.

Fang Yuan smiled lightly, sending his white silver primeval essence into the Chainsaw Golden Centipede that had basically given up. Fang Yuan’s will worked without obstacles, completely eliminating the wild consciousness within it.

In a few breath’s time, the Chainsaw Golden Centipede had already been refined.

Fang Yuan relaxed his grip. The Chainsaw Golden Centipede’s countless legs moved in a rhythm as it slithered around his body, finally twisting and coiling around his arm.

The surrounding centipede groups retreated like a receding tide.

The wild Chainsaw Golden Centipede, because of its natural consciousness, was able to dominate the insect group. But now that Fang Yuan’s will had replaced it, the Chainsaw Golden Centipede lost its ability to communicate with and control the group.

Fang Yuan did not eliminate these centipedes, instead letting them leave. Perhaps in another dozen or more years, a new Chainsaw Golden Centipede might be born, but it no longer had anything to do with him.

He let the Chainsaw Golden Centipede hang from his shoulder as he investigated deeper into the cave.

After walking for a while, he found that the main path split into three branches.

Fang Yuan first used the Earth Communication Ear Grass, and after a while, he eliminated the center path. Choosing the path on the right, he moved for half an hour and found a dead end. He could only backtrack and go down the left path.

Using the Chainsaw Golden Centipede, he could deter the centipede groups and cause them to flee using its aura.

This greatly aided his search.

Not long after he entered the left path, the parting centipedes revealed a cave, and he found some clues there.

These are signs that a person excavated this tunnel! Fang Yuan’s heart stirred.

Evidently, this path had been dug out by the Flower Wine Monk’s Thousand Li Earthwolf Spider.

Fang Yuan moved along this path at a slow pace, patiently investigating.

Many centipedes lived along the path, which was another piece of good news. Traps would be unlikely with all these wild creatures around.

The tunnel was longer than he had expected. Fang Yuan spent over twelve hours exploring it, walking over three li[1]!

The tunnel gradually descended as Fang Yuan moved deeper.

Every once in a while, he stopped and used the Earth Communication Ear Grass to check for possible threats.

Swoosh swish!

What sound is this? Fang Yuan eventually heard a weird noise.

Suddenly, he realized what it was.

This is water…don’t tell me? His thoughts raced as he had an idea.

At the end of the tunnel, he saw a crystal wall.

And beyond the crystal wall was water.

In the water, streams of ash-gray river water flowed in spirals, resembling miniature tornados, endlessly swirling around.

As I thought, this is a natural essence spring! Seeing this, Fang Yuan’s attention was piqued.

A moment later, he realized that there was something else in the spring.

A flower bud, its slumbering petals alternating blue and white, was leisurely floating in the springwater.

This…is actually a Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus! Fang Yuan was shocked!

* * *

[1]. 1.5 km

