Chapter 1626: Wu Yongs Loss


Fang Yuan’s actions shocked Tao Zhu immensely!


Where did this soul path Gu Immortal come from? He severely injured a rank eight Gu Immortal with just one attack! Such imposing demonic might, even Spectral Soul was merely at this level when he was young.


“I didn’t expect this young man, who looks so delicate, to be so vicious and have such peerless methods. He must have committed many sins, or else why would Southern Border’s righteous path attack him on such a scale?”


Noticing this, Tao Zhu’s will became frightened.


For the first time, he felt that the pillars of light around him were so glaring.


“My main body had made this arrangement for the convenience of the inheritor. Oh, who could have expected this situation to happen at the moment the inheritance activated.”


“What did I do to deserve this? Was it easy for my main body to make such a painstaking arrangement?”


Tao Zhu’s will immediately felt lonely and helpless. In this situation, let alone him, a mere will, even his main body would have to stay away from this conflict.


The implications were too deep and troublesome, he could not rashly get involved!


Tao Zhu’s will was frightened, dejectedly curling inside the pillars while mumbling: “Don’t look at me, don’t look at me…”


1




Why would the Gu Immortals have the time or mood to look at him?


Fang Yuan had captured the rank eight Gu Immortal Jun Shen Guang in front of everyone, such terrifying battle strength made the rank seven Gu Immortals have parched mouths, and even the rank eights were dazed.


“How can we defeat such a powerful enemy?”


“If I stake my life and something unexpected happens, what will happen to the clan? Other rank eights will keep their lives while I will be wasting mine for them.”


When Fang Yuan was rank seven and could fight rank eight with reverse flow protection seal, Southern Border’s rank eight Gu Immortals could accept this level of battle strength.


But it was completely different now!


Fang Yuan was not only a rank eight Gu Immortal, he also possessed a mysterious and powerful method that seemed to be a soul path method. And it made a great combination with lead soul into dream.


Jun Shen Guang’s example was right in front of them, the Southern Border rank eight Gu Immortals could also very well fall to Fang Yuan’s vicious methods!


At the crucial moment, the deep-seated problem for Southern Border’s righteous path emerged again. They were forces who had prioritized themselves for too long, a heavy wariness against each other was already ingrained deep in their bones, even if they realized the necessity of an alliance, faced with a choice at this time, these rank eight Gu Immortals all felt hesitation.


These Southern Border rank eight Gu Immortals hesitated, but Fang Yuan had no hesitation.




He laughed loudly as he turned around and charged towards Wu Yong.


“Wu Yong! What did you say earlier? This is my graveyard? Hahaha! I think it is the opposite, this is your graveyard. Come, come, let’s settle the score once and for all!”


Fang Yuan gave a loud shout, his voice resounding throughout the five regional mountain range like thunder.


His white robe and hair fluttered in the wind, his demonic aura and surging killing intent shocked the immortals.


3


Chi Qu You, Shang Wu Jie and other rank eight Gu Immortals looked at Fang Yuan targeting Wu Yong, feeling complicated. They were tense but also could not help feeling a slight relief as all kinds of thoughts lingered in their minds.


Fang Yuan might be powerful but he was only one man in the end. Moreover, Chi Qu You had transacted with Fang Yuan before.


In the current Southern Alliance, the alliance leader’s position was empty and Wu Yong was undoubtedly the number one choice for it. If he became the alliance leader, who knew how he would treat the other clans.


Southern Border had always been divided, the biggest problem in working together were the mental hurdles and self-interest of the respective Gu Immortals.


When two tigers fought, one was definitely going to be injured.


Whether the injured one was Fang Yuan or Wu Yong, it was beneficial to other clans.


Moreover, it could not be said we had not come to aid, aren’t we being hindered by immemorial year beasts?


“Useless bunch!” Wu Yong inwardly cursed when he saw no one coming to his aid.


But he did not fear Fang Yuan, instead his courage and battle intent were stirred!


“Let me see what method you used to capture a rank eight Gu Immortal!” Wu Yong took out Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building and controlled this Immortal Gu House to charge straight at Fang Yuan.


Although Fang Yuan had a mysterious Immortal Gu House, it absolutely would not be able to survive a collision with Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building, his eyes flashed with a sinister light as he suddenly changed his direction and flew down.


Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building’s momentum was too fierce and fast as it missed its target.


“Wu Yong, you are safe with the Immortal Gu House to protect you. In that case, how about I kill these rank seven immortals, can you save them? Hahaha!” Fang Yuan laughed madly.


“Damn it!” Wu Yong quickly changed the direction of Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building and chased after Fang Yuan.


Fang Yuan continued: “Wu Yong, you have such a huge ambition, you established the Southern Border alliance to become its leader, right? Let’s see if you will still have the face left to become the alliance leader after I kill these people!”


Fang Yuan had not actually made any real attacks at Wu Yong, but his words were like blades that stabbed deeply in Wu Yong’s heart.


Wu Yong had led the Southern Border immortals to besiege and kill Fang Yuan, on one hand, it was because he had deep hatred towards Fang Yuan, on the other hand, it was to accumulate reputation to pave the road to the position of alliance leader.


But if he let Fang Yuan kill these rank seven Gu Immortals while he remained safe inside Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building without being able to do anything to Fang Yuan, his reputation was sure to take a huge hit and he would be even further from the position of alliance leader.


Wu Yong was anxious and furious, almost pacing around in Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building. Although Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building was extremely fast and was rapidly catching up to Fang Yuan, Fang Yuan had already reached those rank seven Gu Immortals.


“Persevere!”


“Am I going to die?”


“Not necessarily! There are many Gu Immortals here, we still have hope of survival!”


Fang Yuan had yet to attack but these rank seven Gu Immortals’ morale had already dissipated, they did not have any thought of counterattacking and were only thinking of how to preserve their lives.


The scene of Fang Yuan capturing a Central Continent rank eight Gu Immortal was truly horrifying.


“Go die! Hmm?” Fang Yuan’s shout suddenly stopped.


At the moment of danger, a dense yellowish-brown radiance suddenly appeared under the Southern Border immortals and firmly protected them.


This was a rank eight defensive killer move!


“Fang Yuan, why commit more murders? You kill me, I kill you, this cycle is too pitiful and miserable. You are an outstanding person of this era, why can’t you see through this?”


Lu Wei Yin’s figure appeared not far away.


“Hmph! You again!” Fang Yuan gazed fiercely at Lu Wei Yin.


Boom!


At the next moment, Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building flew over like a meteor and carried with it Wu Yong’s intense hatred and anger, heavily collided with Fang Yuan’s back.


Immortal killer move — Reverse Flow Protection Seal!


Fang Yuan was completely safe, the attack was reflected back to Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building.


But the enormous collision force sent Fang Yuan flying like a cannonball.


Wu Yong was suddenly at ease, he had sent Fang Yuan away from these rank seven Gu Immortals and it would be even more difficult for him to attack these people.


But soon, Lu Wei Yin’s voice reached him: “Not good! This is Fang Yuan’s plan, he is escaping!”


Wu Yong’s expression immediately turned ashen as he helplessly looked at Fang Yuan smoothly charging into that immortal aperture.


The moment he entered, the immortal aperture’s entrance loudly closed.


“Fang Yuan is too crafty, since he put an ambush here, how could he not have arranged an escape route? He entered the immortal aperture because he must have a way to escape, like Fixed Immortal Travel!”


Veins popped up on Wu Yong’s forehead, he felt extremely stifled.


Immortal apertures had always been easy to defend and hard to attack, especially an immortal aperture that had its entrance closed. Naturally, Southern Border’s righteous path group could break into this blessed land. But Fang Yuan already had enough time to escape!


Wu Yong had gathered such a large team but still failed, not only was he unable to harm a single hair of Fang Yuan, a Central Continent rank eight Gu Immortal was captured right in front of everyone!


This was simply a kick to Wu Yong’s face.


“What is more insufferable is this guy…” Wu Yong’s dark gaze stared at Lu Wei Yin.


He suddenly spoke: “Lu Wei Yin, why didn’t you stop him?”


Lu Wei Yin quickly greeted as he said slowly: “I am ashamed! I already used all my strength to protect these Southern Border friends, I truly did not have strength left to obstruct him.”


Lu Wei Yin was instantly swarmed with countless expressions of gratitude from the Southern Border Gu Immortals.


Wu Yong breathed heavily in anger, his fists were tightly clenched but he could do nothing to Lu Wei Yin.


Lu Wei Yin had a terrifying background of being Paradise Earth’s inheritor and was the competitor who possessed the greatest threat to Wu Yong’s dream of taking the alliance leader position.


Wu Yong had led the immortals to besiege Fang Yuan but had left Lu Wei Yin behind so he could more easily accumulate prestige.


But the result was: Fang Yuan escaped while Wu Yong gained nothing, his reputation suffered while Lu Wei Yin was the complete opposite!


Wu Yong’s gaze shined sharply as if lightning sparks were flashing inside.


After a while, he sighed and let his body relax, the anger on his face completely disappeared while his battle intent soared inwardly. A faint smile appeared on his lips as he clapped, thinking: “Fang Yuan, Lu Wei Yin, you two are truly something! I lost this round entirely because of you two…”




