Chapter 1627: Zi Weis Lingering Fear


“How could this be? How could this be…” When information of the Southern Border battle reached her, Fairy Zi Wei kept on mumbling in perplexity.


The vast and bright hall was now filled with doubts.


Fang Yuan had not only passed the tribulation, becoming rank eight, he had even laid a trap in the five regional mountain range and captured Heavenly Court Gu Immortal Jun Shen Guang!


Fairy Zi Wei already knew of the Southern Border Gu Immortals being captured by Fang Yuan, but she had never imagined the same fate would befall her Heavenly Court so quickly.


A Heavenly Court Gu Immortal was actually captured alive!


How long has it been since this happened?


The instant she learned of this news, Fairy Zi Wei had subconsciously thought of the impressive battle achievements of multiple Demon Venerables.


Her brows showed her worry and there was even nervousness.


Despite her estimating Fang Yuan highly, his growth had still greatly surpassed her expectations.


“Ever since Fang Yuan gained reverse flow protection seal, he has been huge trouble. Now that he has become rank eight, along with Xia Cha’s methods, regardless of using the terrain advantage in the five regional mountain range to weaken his enemies, he indeed possesses a threat to Heavenly Court Gu Immortals!”


Fairy Zi Wei heaved a deep sigh.




She had already expected such a day. So she had tried all ways to eliminate this danger beforehand, but who could have expected Fang Yuan’s progress to be so fast!


“Fang Yuan’s progress is getting faster and faster, it seems like the quantitative change is becoming a qualitative change. But how in the world did he become a rank eight without any commotion?”


Fairy Zi Wei did not understand.


She had always thought Fang Yuan’s extremely fast cultivation progress was because he had used time path methods to quicken his immortal aperture’s rate of time.


But looking back over it, Fairy Zi Wei suddenly realized Fang Yuan also had a peerless method that could raise his cultivation level!


“Then… what is this method?”


Fairy Zi Wei did not continue deducing, instead she left the hall and arrived at Spectral Soul’s confinement area.


The large formation rumbled into motion, after a long while, Fairy Zi Wei returned to her hall with a shaken expression.


“Sovereign immortal fetus Gu! Sovereign immortal aperture… so it was like this!” Fairy Zi Wei muttered to herself, she was dazed and her soul was shaken.


Spectral Soul’s ambition shocked her.




What made her even more fearful was that sovereign immortal fetus Gu had been refined and obtained by Fang Yuan!


An intense bitterness emerged in her heart.


Spectral Soul had really hidden it too deeply!


If not for Fang Yuan revealing clues this time which made Fairy Zi Wei doubtful and use a specialized soul search, she would still have been in the dark.


“No wonder Fang Yuan’s cultivation speed is so fast! This time, he should have annexed many Southern Border Gu Immortals’ immortal apertures to skip tribulations and become a rank eight.”


“He could activate Xia Cha’s killer moves and confront other rank eights head on, this means he has annexed Xia Cha’s immortal aperture. Only then would he have enough time path dao marks to amplify Xia Cha’s killer moves.”


“Immortal apertures can only swallow smaller immortal apertures, but the sovereign immortal aperture is special. But devouring Xia Cha’s rank eight grotto-heaven would require time path great grandmaster attainment, how could Fang Yuan have it?”


“Wait!”


Suddenly, Fairy Zi Wei’s expression became extremely unsightly.


All kinds of clues merged in her mind and removed her previous bewilderment.


“Fang Yuan has dream path methods and can raise his attainment level through dream realms!”


“No wonder he entered Southern Border and plundered dream realms. His time path great grandmaster attainment was definitely gained from dream realms.”


“Gasp…”


Thinking of this, even Fairy Zi Wei, who held a high status and was very experienced, could not help taking in a cold breath.


Fang Yuan had the sovereign immortal aperture and could devour apertures to skip calamities and tribulations.


And the biggest obstacle in devouring apertures was the attainment level of the respective paths.


It was extremely difficult to raise attainment level and often required hundreds of years. But Fang Yuan could quickly raise his attainment level through dream realms.


Like this, he could create a beneficial cycle, his cultivation speed could rise to a level where it could raise a terrifying wave even in the entire history of human cultivation.


“No, more accurately, what is terrifying is Spectral Soul. Fang Yuan was only a chess piece of heaven’s will to destroy Spectral Soul’s heaven defying plan, it was just that he escaped heaven’s will’s control in the end.”


Fairy Zi Wei felt a chill.


Heavenly Court had already confined Spectral Soul and Fairy Zi Wei would also frequently torture and soul search to extract important information from Spectral Soul.


But despite this, Fairy Zi Wei was feeling deep lingering fear.


If Spectral Soul had truly succeeded, he would have great grandmaster attainment level in all paths. With his extreme killing nature, he could continue devouring apertures and along with Shadow Sect and Zombie Alliance’s resources, he could totally go straight to rank eight!


At this level, Spectral Soul would have pseudo-venerable battle strength.


More importantly, when the five regions chaotic war starts and dream realms appear everywhere, Spectral Soul might even be able to progress further. His huge ambition could be felt just by looking at lead soul into dream! He had already made countless preparations in this aspect. If he truly reached this step, his dominance would be too large. Even the Great Dream seed Feng Jin Huang might have no chance to mature.


“Fortunately, he was not able to make the breakthrough during the most important juncture. Currently, Fang Yuan is taking his place in this plan, so it is more accurate to say that he did not succeed but he did not completely fail either.”


Fairy Zi Wei frowned deeply when she thought of Fang Yuan.


“Fang Yuan gave up on those Southern Border Gu Immortals and instead prioritized capturing Jun Shen Guang. His action is similar to me soul searching Spectral Soul, he wants to get the location of Heavenly Court from Jun Shen Guang’s soul.”


“Oh no… the River of Time!”


The tumultuous river was always flowing.


It was so vast that its ends could not be seen.


From inside an Immortal Gu House, Fang Yuan quietly looked at the ebb and flow of the river and its countless dazzling ripples.


The River of Time!


After entering the immortal aperture and gaining some free time, Fang Yuan used an immortal killer move made with Fixed Immortal Travel to escape the battleground.


Not long later, he entered the River of Time.


Right now, Jun Shen Guang’s soul was facing constant soul searching inside his sovereign immortal aperture.


Know yourself and your enemy, and you will never be defeated.


Fang Yuan urgently needed to know what arrangements Heavenly Court had made in the River of Time!


“I laid an ambush in the five regional mountain range and fought a large battle, although I captured Jun Shen Guang, I revealed too much information.”


Fang Yuan wanted to catch Heavenly Court off guard and not give them enough time to respond, so he directly entered the River of Time in this short time period.


“This Lu Wei Yin is not simple. His action was too timely, saving those Southern Border rank sevens at the most critical time. He was probably hiding nearby all along.”


“Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable had a merciful and compassionate nature, he restored peace to the chaotic world and repaired the damage done by Spectral Soul in all five regions. In the five regions, and especially Southern Border, among the ten venerables, his reputation is the highest.”


“As his current inheritor, Lu Wei Yin has inherited this reputation as well. This person is going against me, but his true goal does not look to be so simple and is hidden in a layer of fog.”


“Unfortunately, there is no such person in the memories of my previous life!”


The more he thought, the more Fang Yuan felt his five hundred years of memories were not reliable.


Naturally, there was also the possibility that the butterfly effect of his rebirth had spread until it involved Lu Wei Yin.


Fang Yuan slightly shook his head, forgetting about Lu Wei Yin for the moment, and thought of Tao Zhu’s inheritance.


He felt a huge regret.


Tao Zhu’s true inheritance was definitely related to the five regions’ regional walls.


The five regions’ regional walls would disappear without a trace in the future and the five regions would merge into one, Tao Zhu’s research in crossing the regional walls would look like a joke.


But think about it carefully.


Tao Zhu could construct the five regional mountain range, couldn’t this method of imitating the regional walls be used to defend oneself?


Especially for Fang Yuan, fighting in regional walls was extremely advantageous.


“It is a pity, a true pity. The situation did not allow me to take this inheritance, I had missed this true inheritance of Tao Zhu by a hairsbreadth.”


Fang Yuan’s wisdom path attainment was not low, he had a strong premonition that missing this chance to obtain Tao Zhu’s inheritance was a severe loss to him.




