Chapter 163: Thunder Crown Wolf


As Fang Yuan looked at the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus, many doubts in his heart were cleared up. He could roughly speculate what had happened.


Going back in time, a millennium ago.


A solitary rank five Gu Master came upon Qing Mao Mountain and happened upon this underground natural spirit spring.


He was overjoyed, and settled down here. He began merging the mortal villages living around the foot of the mountain together, forming the prototype of Gu Yue Village.


He took in over a hundred wives and concubines, wantonly spreading his bloodline.


He was the ancestor of the Gu Yue Clan, the founder of Gu Yue Village.


Time passed, and with it new generations of clan leaders came and went, until it came to the fourth generation.


He possessed A grade aptitude and cultivated to rank five, creating another golden age for the clan.


One day, a demonic path Gu Master came to the village.


He was a solitary traveler, bald and muscular and dressed in pink. His favorite hobby was to defile innocent women. It was the famous devil of the demonic path: the Flower Wine Monk.


Who knew what fortuitous encounter the Flower Wine Monk must have had, to be able to know the recipe to refine the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus. After many preparations, he only lacked a natural spirit spring to refine this grass Gu.


After looking all around, he finally chose Gu Yue Village’s spirit spring.


At first, he used the pretense of buying moon orchid petals to get closer to the Gu Yue Clan’s higher-ups and to investigate the clan.


Afterwards, in the battle with the fourth generation clan leader, he was able to achieve complete victory with his formidable strength. He had not only killed the fourth generation head, but also slew the majority of the elders. However, his body had been infected by the Moonshadow Gu.


The Moonshadow Gu merely restricted a person’s primeval essence, so it wouldn’t be fatal. However, taking into account the fact that he wanted to refine the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus, he decided to avoid wanton slaughter, as it might attract too much attention and hinder the refinement. Thus, he chose to act in secret.


He used his Thousand Li Earthwolf Spider to dig out a tunnel, secretly approaching the location of the spirit spring. Due to his thorough preparations beforehand, he was able to refine the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus in the spirit spring.


The Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus had an extraordinary history. Its refinement recipe had been created many millennia ago by a Gu Master of the righteous path: Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable.


It was only a rank three grass Gu, but it could advance and become the rank six Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus, which was ranked sixth on the list of the Top Ten Great Immortal Gu. Its worth was about the same as the Spring Autumn Cicada!


The Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus had a reputation as a portable spirit spring, because it could produce primeval stones.


However, its refinement was extremely costly.


Its most important ingredient was a natural spirit spring. It had to be full of primeval energy and could not be one that had been used for many years and was starting to go dry.


After the refinement succeeded, this spirit spring would lose its ability to produce primeval stones and become completely useless. It would be nothing but an ordinary spring.


A natural spirit spring was extremely valuable. One only needed to look at how this spirit spring had sustained countless Gu Masters of the Gu Yue Clan for close to a millennium to realize it.


Refining a Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus would completely destroy this spirit spring. But that was just the beginning. If it was to be advanced to rank four, it would need seven spirit springs, nine at rank five, and eleven for rank six!


Apart from this, many extremely precious Gu worms would be needed as auxiliary ingredients.


If I take this Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus, it would be like carrying a miniature spirit spring with me. The Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus is only a rank three Gu, so its daily primeval stone production can’t compare to a normal spirit spring, but the amount will be enough to sustain my cultivation expenditure!


This was just one of its benefits.


The Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus directly produced primeval stones. Primeval stones could not only help in advancing cultivation — they were also a form of currency.


With the Treasure Lotus, Fang Yuan could decrease the amount of primeval stones he needed to carry. The Tusita Flower could then be used to store various other things to make his traveling easier.


However…I heard that the refinement process of the Treasure Lotus is quite mysterious. It appears from nothing, and transitions from astral to physical form. Without special methods like this crystal wall, it cannot be seen. It is quite delicate and needs to be nourished within the spirit spring for nine days and nine nights, until it grows out nine intact leaves, before it can be plucked and placed into one’s aperture. If one picks it before the time is ripe, all their efforts will be completely wasted.


Fang Yuan didn’t know the detailed recipe of the Treasure Lotus, just a few things he’d heard from people in the know. He had no idea how to advance it in the future.


Even so, this rank three Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus would be of enormous assistance to him.


He looked beyond the crystal wall and observed carefully, finding that the flower only had eight intact leaves. The remaining one was half-damaged.


Fang Yuan wasn’t baffled by this.


Centuries had passed, and the spirit spring’s reserves had been consumed all that time. It was no longer as vibrant as it had been during the Flower Wine Monk’s time.


The Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus condensed the majority of the spirit spring’s essence, constantly consuming the primeval stones it produced and causing the spring’s reserves to decrease. But, as the Treasure Lotus continued to exist in the spring, the spring eventually began to draw on it to continue producing primeval stones. As a result, the Treasure Lotus became damaged as its refinement was slowly reversed.


The Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus must have nine complete leaves before it can be plucked. It only has eight and a half right now. I need to throw primeval stones into the spring if I want to take it!


Primeval stones were the crystallization of the spirit spring. They could provide nourishment to the Treasure Lotus and let it grow again.


However, he couldn’t underestimate that singular half-damaged leaf. It was sure to require large amounts of primeval stones for it to grow back!


If I am not wrong, this crystal wall should be produced by a Moat Gu… Fang Yuan tried to touch the wall and found that it was real but also not, like an illusion of light and shadow. His hand went through it without any obstruction.


But he quickly pulled his hand back and didn’t dare to go into the spirit spring.


Spirit springs should never be polluted.


He poured his primeval essence into the Tusita Flower and took out a primeval stone.


He threw the primeval stone through the crystal wall. As if the wall didn’t exist, the primeval stone went through it and dropped into the spirit spring, striking the phantom figure of the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus.


The grass Gu flickered between blue and white and shook like it had been disturbed by the rippling of water. It digested the primeval stone in almost an instant.


After waiting for the flower to settle, Fang Yuan observed it attentively, but found no change in that damaged leaf.


His expression was calm. He started throwing in dozens of primeval stones but there was still no change.


Fang Yuan continued to feed it primeval stones while silently counting. After five hundred primeval stones, the damaged leaf finally recovered a little.


Fang Yuan couldn’t help but feel slightly gloomy.


From this, he estimated that he had to give it around fifty thousand primeval stones at one time.


If he did it in batches and too much time passed between them, the spring would consume a little of the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus to replenish itself as the clan continuously extracted primeval stones.


Over fifty thousand primeval stones…I’m about forty thousand short.


As a clan elder, raising that many primeval stones wasn’t really a problem.


The true problem was that once he took the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus, the spirit spring would become completely useless. That would attract the whole clan’s furious and frantic investigation.


Fang Yuan had plentiful experience, but limited methods. If the clan investigated without any considerations, they were sure to find some clues. In fact, the clan’s higher-ups were already suspicious of him, but their suspicions were temporarily suppressed by the wolf tide.


If the Flower Wine Monk’s inheritance was exposed, Fang Yuan would definitely be the primary suspect.


Even if Fang Yuan secretly escaped, he would be recklessly pursued.


I can’t give up the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus. Even if I don’t have its advancement recipe, who knows what the future holds? The problem is that once I take this Gu, it is akin to stabbing a hornet’s nest.


Fang Yuan considered it for a while and decided he had to wait for a good opportunity to take it.


This Gu should be the last piece of the Flower Wine Monk’s inheritance. But there are many suspicious points to this; the Flower Wine Monk would have come to this place to refine the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus, so what kind of accident did he encounter to be so seriously injured that he had to hurriedly set up this inheritance before dying?


Fang Yuan already knew the reason the Flower Wine Monk had set up the inheritance.


It was to take revenge against the Gu Yue Clan.


If the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus was taken out of the spirit spring — whether it was a success or failure — this natural spirit spring was bound to become useless.


Without the natural spirit spring, the Gu Yue Clan would have no foundation to stay here. It was only a matter of time before the clan broke apart.


Forget it, I won’t make any headway in my deductions without new evidence. I should return to the village for now. In the end, Fang Yuan shook his head and began to return back the way he came.


Just after he exited the secret cave, he heard a loud and clear wolf howl resounding through the forest.


This is—! Fang Yuan turned grim and quickly moved.


When he reached the riverbank outside of the rock crack, he could smell the thick odor of blood.


Even though he was some distance from the village, he could hear shouts, wolf howls, and explosions.


Fang Yuan concealed himself and climbed a hill.


It was early in the morning and the first rays of sunlight had just broken over the horizon.


Countless wolf packs were rushing towards Gu Yue Village like a flood.


Fang Yuan’s gaze swept past them, then his body trembled.


Behind the wolf packs, he saw a lightning wolf as large as a small hill.


Myriad beast king: Thunder Crown Wolf!


It was tall and slim. Its limbs were strong and its whole body was covered with eerie blue scales. Tufts of golden wolf fur could be seen only on its head, claws, and tail.


The fur on its head was stiff and upraised, forming a towering crown.


It was crouching on the ground and was still as a sculpture. The Frenzy Lightning Wolves and Bold Lightning Wolves around it constantly howled, as if to herald its elegance and nobility.


Just by sitting there, it had already brought great mental pressure to the Gu Yue Clan.


The myriad beast king has finally arrived, it’s the decisive moment for the survival of Gu Yue Village! Fang Yuan looked to the battle. Countless Gu Masters were engaged in mortal combat, using all of their strength to block the wolves’ frantic charge.


Suddenly, around ten figures flew out of the village and rushed against the wolf tide, charging towards the Thunder Crown Wolf.


They were all elders, and at the front was the clan leader, Gu Yue Bo!


