Chapter 1632: You Lied!


Immortal killer move — Myriad Dragon!


Howl…


At once, myriad dragons flew in a sea of silvery scales, attacking the old man like a tidal wave.


After understanding the effect of the time path formation, Fang Yuan gave up on his strongest time path methods, he started to use other methods. In this aspect, Fang Yuan had many useful methods comparatively.


The old man snorted, showing no surprise on his face.


Before coming here, he had already made ample preparation, he knew about Fang Yuan’s myriad dragon killer move.


“Slippery eels, what can they do to me?” The old man stood arrogantly in the sky, instead of dodging, he watched as the myriad dragons approached him.


His verdant sun flame cloak was blazing, his entire body was covered, resembling a huge fireball.


The myriad dragons appeared before the old man, but they started to screech weirdly, the sword dragons were all drowsy as they randomly flew around, their ferocious attacks had been stopped.


When each sword dragon’s drunkenness got to a certain level, they would start to blaze up with a loud sound.


The sword dragons turned into a pile of flames before rapidly vanishing.




Looking at the field, the old man was unmoving while the myriad dragons burned to death. Even though there were countless dragons, the moment they got close to the old man, they died, they were of no threat to him.


“Immortal killer move verdant sun flame cloak!” Fang Yuan’s pupils shrunk, he finally saw the power of this move. It was both offensive and defensive, it was a counter to Fang Yuan’s myriad dragon killer move.


“Then let’s try Luo Po seal.” Fang Yuan thought to himself.


He had already used familiar face to disguise as a sword dragon, he blended into the army of dragons, getting closer to the old man.


Next, he pretended to be drunk as he got closer and unleashed Luo Po seal.


Fang Yuan got exposed when the killer move had just activated, Luo Po seal’s aura was too great, it could not be hidden.


The old man’s gaze shot like lightning as he charged at Fang Yuan without fearing Luo Po seal.


Boom boom boom!


The old man attacked Fang Yuan in a frenzy but reverse flow protection seal kept him safe.


Fang Yuan did not speak, he endured the old man’s attacks until Luo Po seal was finally ready to strike.




The old man was on guard now, the situation was not good for Fang Yuan. Eventually, he barely managed to use Luo Po seal, but it scraped past the old man’s shoulder, only half landing!


The old man immediately felt a sense of emptiness in his heart, at the same time, the blazing cloak on his back weakened by forty percent!


“This move is amazing, but it cannot break my verdant sun flame cloak!” The old man laughed loudly as he retreated, using methods to heal himself.


His speed was faster than Fang Yuan, it was hard to land consecutive hits on him.


The old man found time to catch a breather despite having the disadvantage, a moment later, his injuries healed mostly and his aura regained its peak state, the verdant sun flame cloak also started to blaze up again.


Luo Po seal had terrifying might but the old man was very alert, he did not give Fang Yuan any more chances.


His verdant sun flame cloak’s defenses were superb, Fang Yuan could sense that in battle, it was like how his enemies felt when facing reverse flow protection seal.


“This old man’s soul is not his weakness.” Even though he only grazed past him, Fang Yuan obtained valuable intel.


Luo Po seal was targeted at the enemy’s soul, but this old man was an experienced rank eight Gu Immortal with deep foundations, he did not have any evident weaknesses, his soul’s defense was quite tight.


Fang Yuan estimated that even if Luo Po seal hit directly, it could not kill the old man in one move.


Luo Po seal had to be paired with lead soul into dream to deal with Heavenly Court’s rank eight Gu Immortals.


But at the start of the battle, the old man destroyed Fang Yuan’s incomplete Immortal Gu House, causing Ying Wu Xie and the rest to slumber in the dream realm.


If the incomplete Immortal Gu House was still around, Fang Yuan would have Ying Wu Xie’s lead soul into dream to help him, he would have the advantage against this old man.


But the old man had ambushed and destroyed the incomplete Immortal Gu House, not only were Fang Yuan’s losses severe, he lost his initiative and was kept on the back foot for a long time.


This situation was naturally very dangerous for Fang Yuan, he had fallen into an ambush, he had to escape quickly.


Immortal killer move — Myriad Dragon!


Fang Yuan continued to activate myriad dragon as more sword dragons filled this formation space.


The old man had the advantage but he did not relax his mind or become careless.


He squinted a little as Fang Yuan hid among the sword dragons again. At this time, should he use an investigative method to find Fang Yuan or eliminate these sword dragons first?


If he did not kill Fang Yuan, there would be an endless stream of sword dragons, but the old man had clear awareness, he thought: “I’m afraid my investigative method cannot expose familiar face, Fang Yuan is so crafty, he must have other plans!”


The old man had the initiative now, he spoke arrogantly and wildly, but his mind was extremely calm and composed.


He knew that when opponents of his and Fang Yuan’s level fight, with such rich battle experience on both sides, even though he had the initiative now and could hold the advantage, if he made a mistake, Fang Yuan would turn the situation around.


The old man roared as flames started to burn around, spreading out like a sea of fire.


The sword dragons melted in candles within the flame.


The old man’s decision made Fang Yuan quite troubled.


He hesitated for a while before persisting with his tactic, he controlled the myriad dragons to charge at the formation space.


This formation was clearly controlled by Central Continent Gu Immortals. Seeing that the myriad dragons were attacking, they wanted to retaliate but the old man quickly transmitted to them: “Don’t move! Fang Yuan has very high time path and wisdom path attainment levels, the more the formation activates, the more flaws he will notice. I will handle these eels, don’t be anxious.”


The old man did not want to give Fang Yuan any chances, the sea of fire killed the sword dragons at a rapid rate.


Fang Yuan smiled coldly, he suddenly appeared in front of the dream realm.


Immortal killer move — Pure Dream Reality Seeker Transformation!


He quickly gathered the dream realm and turned the lump of dream realm into a Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body.


“Oh no, this demon is so scheming!” The old man’s expression changed, Fang Yuan used many feints and tactics, it was hard to see through his plans after all.


Fang Yuan opened a sliver of his immortal aperture’s entrance, wanting to send the time path clone, Ying Wu Xie’s soul, Hei Lou Lan, and Bai Ning Bing inside.


1


But at this moment, the old man screamed angrily behind him: “Demon, forget about it!”


Boom!


A killer move was used, bursting out with immense strength and sound.


Fang Yuan felt a chill, he did not need to turn around to know that this move was the old man’s strongest offensive method.


“I won’t make it!” Fang Yuan did not have enough time to react, his heart sank to rock bottom.


At the crucial moment, he went all out!


His time path killer move was used as the time around suddenly became faster.


He placed the immortals into the immortal aperture, and at the same time, he felt like a giant had landed a punch on his back, the huge force sent him flying like a cannonball, he lost fifteen percent of Reverse Flow River’s water! The impact made Fang Yuan’s head dizzy, he directly spat out a mouthful of blood.


He was only able to save a portion of them, Fairy Miao Yin could not be reached. She was still unconscious earlier, after being engulfed in the huge flames, she was burned to ashes, not a bit of her body remained.


Fang Yuan shouted loudly as he used myriad dragon, charging around the place, while he started to act and destroy the formation.


The old man was a bit nervous now, he started to attack Fang Yuan.


But Fang Yuan had reverse flow protection seal to defend him, he ignored the old man and only targeted the formation.


“Fang Yuan, don’t think of getting out, that is merely a delusion!” The old man roared as his flames engulfed Fang Yuan.


“Hahaha, you are simply struggling at death’s door.” The old man got behind Fang Yuan and slammed them on his back like two huge tablets, Fang Yuan was sent flying.


Fang Yuan was bleeding from all seven orifices, it was quite a pathetic sight, yet his eyes were still cold as ice, he continued to attack the time path formation.


“It is useless! How can you break such an amazing formation? Look at your Reverse Flow River, it is about to be fully expended.” The old man mocked, he attacked with greater intensity, killing intent surged as he behaved in a frenzied manner.


Even though Reverse Flow River could reflect attacks, the old man also had his verdant sun flame cloak. He endured the reflected attacks as he continued to expend the Reverse Flow River water.


He was not wrong, Fang Yuan’s Reverse Flow River had gone through many battles, a lot of it was used up already. As he continued to attack, the river water level fell, Fang Yuan’s robe also started to become thin and flimsy.


Suddenly, Fang Yuan roared as he stopped attacking, preparing Luo Po seal again.


The old man’s pupils shrunk, his attacks changed, he started to prepare his defenses against Luo Po seal.


Fang Yuan completed the preparation as he flicked his palm, instead of attacking the old man, he shot it towards a corner of the formation.


“Guh!” With a shocked voice, a rank seven Gu Immortal controlling the formation was hit by Luo Po seal, he died on the spot.


“How?!” The other Central Continent Gu Immortals were also shocked and lost for words.


Fang Yuan was able to find a formation core in such a short time and kill the person inside.


Luo Po seal was very powerful even against rank eight Gu Immortals, not to mention these rank sevens.


“Quick, that formation core has been destroyed, quickly move and fix the hole!” A Gu Immortal shouted.


On the other end, the old man grunted as he attacked Fang Yuan again.


Fang Yuan used the extremely depleted reverse flow protection seal to defend himself while attacking the formation himself.


With many of his methods used, Heavenly Court’s meticulously created time path immortal formation collapsed area by area, it could not hold up against Fang Yuan’s unraveling.


“How can this be?!” Fang Yuan’s speed of deduction was extremely shocking to everyone.


“Quick, over there!” Someone shouted.


A loophole formed in the formation, connecting with the outside world.


Fang Yuan laughed heartily: “Bye.”


“You cannot leave!” Flames swept over, turning into the old man. He hid the loophole behind himself desperately.


The other Central Continent Gu Immortals also let out a sigh of relief.


But Fang Yuan shot out like an arrow towards the old man, saying coldly with deep killing intent: “Get lost.”


The old man snickered: “It is useless, you cannot deal with my verdant sun flame cloak!”


The distance between them shrunk!


Central Continent’s Gu Immortals quickly changed their formation, someone shouted: “Block Fang Yuan, we only need five breaths of time to change the formation! This is a complete change, it would be ten times as difficult as before to deduce it afterwards!”


The old man scoffed: “Not just five breaths, even if… hmm?”


His eyes suddenly widened, his face turned stiff, he looked at Fang Yuan’s killer move preparation with deep disbelief.


Fang Yuan’s aura was completely concealed, not a bit leaked out.


He clapped both hands together in front of his chest. Next, his right hand which was in contact with his left hand moved, it was like he was trying to pull out something precious, as his right palm slowly clenched into a fist.


Afterwards, his left hand was still at the original position, but his tightly clenched right fist was lifted, above his chest and shoulder, above his head, until it was fixed right above his head.


“This, this move is…” The old man no longer smiled, there was nervousness in his eyes and even some fear.


Indeed, this was the immortal killer move — Five Finger Fist Heart Sword!


Time passed, at the first breath.


First finger!


Fang Yuan had a cold expression as he raised the thumb of his right hand.


From the right fist that he held high in the air, a sword light shot out.


Fast! Fast! Fast!


The speed of the sword light was beyond belief!


The moment it was shot out, it pierced the old man’s forehead.


The old man shuddered, the flames on the verdant sun flame cloak on his body weakened by half.


Second breath.


Second finger!


The old man reacted, he roared as the verdant sun flame cloak started blazing again.


But the sword light landed again, weakening the verdant sun flame cloak.


Third breath.


Third finger.


The old man’s expression turned pale, he wanted to grit his teeth, the verdant sun flame cloak on his back had expanded like a fireball, earlier it was the size of a horse carriage, but now it was the size of a house.


The old man roared: “This is the peak condition of my verdant sun flame cloak! Come, your attacks cannot break through.”


The moment he said that, the sword light landed as the verdant sun flame cloak burst like a balloon, it returned to its former condition.


Five finger fist heart sword got stronger as it progressed.


Fourth breath, fourth finger!


The old man desperately blocked the fourth sword, his expression was pale, he took a huge step back, verdant sun flame cloak was like a flickering candle, it was extremely thin now.


Fifth breath.


Fang Yuan snickered: “What cloak, it is laughable. Li Huang, you can start preparing your funeral. It is over, the fifth sword!”


The old man’s heart jumped, his eyes were filled with terror: “No, Bo Qing, don’t even dream of killing me!”


The flame blazed, he turned into dozens of figures as he flew in all directions.


Fang Yuan ignored him, he flew outside the loophole, escaping into the River of Time.


He had just flown out when the time path formation changed completely, the earlier loopholes were fixed, it had become whole again, securely locking the formation space inside.


But Fang Yuan had already escaped, the time path formation was completely silent inside.


The Central Continent Gu Immortals controlling the formation were all dumbfounded.


The flame clones dissipated slowly, until only the old man’s main body remained.


At this moment, his face was flushing red and white; anger, fear, humiliation, hatred, and killing intent, they filled his heart entirely, turning his expression distorted and filled with terrifying hatred.


Suddenly, the old man raised his head and roared.


“There, there was no fifth sword!”


1


“Fang Yuan!!”


“You lied!!!”


1




