Chapter 1637: He Cheated!


“Everyone, don’t panic.” Qi Fa said in a dry voice. His tall body was like a bamboo in the wind, wavering slightly.


Nobody laughed.


Qi clan had three rank seven and two rank six Gu Immortals, they were not Fang Yuan’s match even if they joined up. They were meat on the chopping block, they were completely defenseless.


After Qi Fa spoke, he mustered his courage and continued: “We have already obtained the acknowledgement of the gatehouse, we can explore that grotto-heaven, we are also protected by the gatehouse. If Fang Yuan wants to kill us, he will need to pass the gatehouse, but if he destroys it, he will break the rules of the bet and would not reach the other side.”


Qi Fa’s words calmed everyone down.


Fang Yuan looked at Qi Fa with slight surprise as he smiled, praising: “He is quite smart.”


Qi Fa’s words were said to Qi clan’s Gu Immortals, but was also meant for Fang Yuan. Qi clan was able to become the eventual winner of the Five Xiang’s bet, it was not without reason. These last years, Qi clan had developed while suppressing or enslaving the other four clans, they also kept a low profile and hid themselves deeply. Even Southern Border’s righteous path did not know or attempt to find the Five Xiang’s treasure, this was due to Qi clan’s abilities.


But no matter how amazing they were, against Fang Yuan, they were doomed to fail.


Fang Yuan’s smile was terrifying in their eyes, his pearly white teeth were like sharp daggers aiming at them.


Fang Yuan took a look at Qi clan’s Gu Immortals before looking over at Bai Ning Bing.


Both of them had already negotiated earlier, Bai Ning Bing nodded at Fang Yuan before flying towards the gatehouse.




Qi clan’s Gu Immortals were slightly stirred, but they could do nothing but watch.


Once Bai Ning Bing entered the blue light, this icy light shook for a moment before stabilizing.


Fang Yuan nodded to himself, he was afraid earlier that Bai Ning Bing’s dragonman status would affect it, after all, dragonmen were variant humans and were not traditional humans. But now, it seemed that the gatehouse only cared about Bai Ning Bing’s bloodline, regardless of her status as human or variant human.


After a few breaths of time, Bai Ning Bing gained the acknowledgement of the gatehouse and was sent up into the clouds by a formless and mild force.


Qi clan’s Gu Immortals had flickering gazes, they all showed a look of regret.


“It seems that Bai Ning Bing is not under Fang Yuan’s enslavement, otherwise, the gatehouse would not acknowledge her.”


“It is a pity…”


“Damn it, Bai Ning Bing was allowed to enter the world beyond the gatehouse too!”


Bai Ning Bing was found by Old Man Yan Shi last time, but she was never enslaved, all they did was cooperate.


After joining Fang Yuan, Bai Ning Bing was not targeted by Fang Yuan’s enslavement methods either.




This was all due to this gatehouse.


Bai Ning Bing landed on the cloud and inspected the area, before saying to Fang Yuan: “Getting onto the clouds would be the same as getting the gatehouse’s acknowledgement, Gu Immortals cannot fight each other here.”


“Okay.” A bright light flashed in Fang Yuan’s eyes, seeing his following actions, Qi clan’s Gu Immortals all gasped in shock.


Fang Yuan actually flew towards the blue light.


The blue light flickered for a moment before stabilizing.


Even though Fang Yuan was in his original appearance, he had activated immortal killer move familiar face already. He had modified this move, adding in blood path Immortal Gu to disguise his own bloodline. Initially, he had used this against Wu clan, disguising as Wu Yi Hai and mixing into the righteous path.


But before Fang Yuan got happy, the four other lights appeared on the gatehouse.


These four lights represented the power of the other four Xiangs.


Fang Yuan was slightly surprised, earlier, he had allowed Bai Ning Bing to enter first in order to inspect the blue light. After he flew in, he managed to deceive the blue light, but to think that the other four Xiangs unleashed their power.


Boom!


The gatehouse shook, Fang Yuan was pushed out of the light by a strong force.


“Familiar face cannot deceive it?” Fang Yuan’s heart shook slightly.


Heaven Surveying Five Xiangs!


This strong force that had once taken leadership of Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world had displayed its immense power.


Qi clan’s Gu Immortals all sighed in huge relief, great joy appeared on their faces.


Fang Yuan’s actions were simply too shocking, but this result was the best for them.


“So close, Fang Yuan could not get in!”


“We have hope! This way, Fang Yuan is kept outside, we only need to deal with Bai Ning Bing.”


“Her Bai Xiang killer move is troublesome, but our Qi Xiang true inheritance is not weak either.”


Fang Yuan focused as he looked at the gatehouse.


Indeed, he had underestimated the gatehouse. Or rather, Shadow Sect and Bai Ning Bing’s information was not sufficient regarding this gatehouse.


To deceive it, familiar face was not enough.


Fang Yuan did not want Bai Ning Bing to explore it alone.


She was unreliable, and even if she was reliable, she could not deal with Qi clan’s Gu Immortals alone.


Even though Fang Yuan had encountered an obstacle earlier, his determination to get in had not wavered.


“Qi Xiang, Bai Xiang, Xue Xiang, Ni Xiang, Chi Xiang, these are the Heaven Surveying Five Xiangs. This gatehouse was created by all five of them, their power was fused into one.”


Fang Yuan went into rapid contemplation.


Qi Xiang, Bai Xiang, Xue Xiang, Ni Xiang, and Chi Xiang; they were in qi path, ice path, blood path, earth path, and food path respectively.


1


Fang Yuan had high attainment in blood path and earth path, he was confident.


In terms of food path, even though his attainment level was not high, Fang Yuan had Spectral Soul’s true inheritance, it contained the original food path inheritance in this world. With such a foundation, Fang Yuan had an immensely deep amount of information to work with.


His qi path and ice path attainment levels were very low. But ice path was not a problem, he had Bai Ning Bing’s Bai Xiang true inheritance that was used to deceive the blue light already.


“So, my only obstacle is Qi Xiang’s power.” Divine brilliance flashed in Fang Yuan’s eyes.


Fang Yuan did not have qi path attainment level or sufficient qi path inheritances, because it was already on the decline for a long time.


“No issue, I have the light of wisdom.”


Fang Yuan wanted to use the light of wisdom to force his way through!


Qi clan’s Gu Immortals conversed.


“What is he doing?”


“He seems to be deducing… didn’t Heavenly Court announce it, this demon has very extraordinary wisdom path methods.”


“Hehe, it is useless, how can he deduce the Five Xiang’s arrangements in such a short time?”


Qi clan’s Gu Immortals were very confident about this.


They had tried to break the power of the Five Xiangs long ago, but they had no success. This was the failure of generations of Gu Immortals that had tried time and time again.


They had failed too many times against the Five Xiang’s seal, how could Fang Yuan possibly succeed?


“Or maybe Fang Yuan’s wisdom path methods are above us. But he is simply dreaming if he wants to deduce it now. This difficulty is like deducing an unknown immortal killer move that he has just seen for the first time in battle, he needs to deduce and unravel it. He is too naive!” Qi Fa shook his head, as he said that, his courage appeared again, his fear was fading.


Boom!


At the next moment, Fang Yuan attacked the gatehouse.


The gate shook intensely, the expressions of Qi clan’s Gu Immortals also changed.


“This, this, this!”


“The demon attacked, he actually attacked the gatehouse. He wants to destroy the teleportation entrance, does he not want to enter?”


“He failed the deduction so he got angry instead?!”


Bam bam bam…


As Fang Yuan attacked fiercely, the entire gatehouse started to shake. Qi clan’s Gu Immortals also shook as their footing became unstable, they were like candles in the wind.


Shock and fear was shown on their faces, some even began to tremble.


Once the gatehouse gets destroyed, they would lose their protection, it would be up to Fang Yuan whether he wants to kill or capture them.


“It must hold against him!” Qi clan’s Gu Immortals were all praying in their hearts.


Fang Yuan gradually stopped attacking.


Qi clan’s Gu Immortals breathed roughly, they were all wet with sweat. The feeling of almost dying was too terrible, they had never been so nervous.


But eventually, the gatehouse still remained standing.


“The demon did not succeed, great!” Qi Jin cheered, while the other Qi clan Gu Immortals had joyful expressions on their faces.


Fang Yuan glanced at them as he showed a mocking smile: “Oh? Why do you think I stopped?”


Saying so, he activated an immortal killer move, there was no flashy light or commotion, his entire body’s aura underwent a profound and mystical change.


Next, Fang Yuan landed and bathed in the blue light, easily gaining its acknowledgement and landing beside Bai Ning Bing.


Qi clan’s Gu Immortals were all dumbfounded, some opened their mouths and froze like statues.


Shock was expressed on their faces, some beliefs in their minds had been completely shattered by Fang Yuan’s success!


“This, this demon actually succeeded!”


“This must be a dream! How can this be?”


“How could he succeed in such a short period of time?”


Qi clan’s Gu Immortals felt incredibly confused, before a strong cold feeling entered their hearts.


Fang Yuan’s battle strength was ridiculously high, but his wisdom path attainment was even beyond the understanding of the Qi clan Gu Immortals.


Such a monster made even Heavenly Court without options. How could they deal with him?


“Gatehouse! Oh ancestor! This Fang Yuan is an outsider, he cheated!!” Qi Cai screamed, his face was full of fear and also anger.


But the gatehouse was silent, the Five Xiang’s seal started to gather power. Soon, a strong aura emerged from the gatehouse as five lights started to shine brightly.


Qi clan’s Gu Immortals saw this as their faces turned to despair.


They knew that the gatehouse had activated not because it exposed Fang Yuan’s identity, but because the teleportation was beginning.




