Chapter 1638: Ultimate Treasure of the Bet


The glaring light faded gradually.


Fang Yuan looked around, the environment had changed, he was already inside the small world past the gatehouse.


Bai Ning Bing was beside him, their distance was the same as before the teleportation.


Suddenly, Bai Ning Bing’s expression changed, mysterious information was transmitted into her mind. She looked at Fang Yuan, seeing that he was completely expressionless, she hesitated for a moment before saying: “This is a public grotto-heaven, the Heaven Surveying Five Xiangs had once donated a portion of their grotto-heavens each to form this place. The entire grotto-heaven has five segments, they are not directly connected to each other, only the most central mountain range is shared among the five. The treasure of this bet is at the center of the grotto-heaven, as long as a Gu Immortal is acknowledged by the gatehouse and is teleported inside here, they can go after the treasure. Along the way, the Heaven Surveying Five Xiangs have also set up some resources, stronger experts can try to take them away, but it is recommended that they do not take everything, so as to allow the resources to grow again in the future.”


Bai Ning Bing obtained this information, but Fang Yuan did not.


“It seems that even though I used the light of wisdom to deduce a killer move and disguise my identity, it was too roughly made in a rush.”


Fang Yuan had a deep gaze as he looked afar: “This means that we are very far from Qi clan’s Gu Immortals, and our areas are not connected. After disguising as a Bai Xiang descendant, I can only move about in this Bai Xiang grotto-heaven region?”


Fang Yuan wanted to try using Fixed Immortal Travel, but he did not know the appearance of Qi Xiang’s territory.


He had once killed Qi clan’s Qi Zai, but this person only became a Gu Immortal in the last thousand years, he did not enter this place or have any memories of it.


“According to my experience of getting past that gatehouse’s inspection, this place has a very strict level of defense, space path methods are likely to be restricted. I am afraid that even if I use Fixed Immortal Travel, there is a low possibility of success.”


Fang Yuan looked at the situation now, soon, he made up his mind.




“Let’s go to the center!”


The entire public grotto-heaven had five areas, they were all connected to the center which contained the ultimate treasure of this bet. In that case, Fang Yuan would directly target it, he did not need to find Qi clan’s Gu Immortals. Not only would he waste time, he might not be able to find them after all.


Once they got to the mountain range, they would meet Qi clan’s Gu Immortals anyway.


Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing flew rapidly, crossing mountains and valleys.


Bai Xiang cultivated ice and snow path, this area was contributed by Bai Xiang grotto-heaven, thus even though there were mountains and valleys here, they were covered in thick snow, it was a field of white.


“Look there!” Bai Ning Bing suddenly said.


She was looking at a mountain, it was extremely steep and dangerous, at the peak, there were a hundred ice mirror snow lotuses growing.


This was a rank six immortal material containing ice path and wood path dao marks.


Near the snow lotus, there were many snow monsters and even desolate level snow monsters. If anyone went there and wanted to get the ice mirror snow lotuses, these snow monsters would stop them.


In fact, Fang Yuan had discovered it long ago, he only took a glance before flying away with Bai Ning Bing.




Even though these desolate level snow monsters were not his match, Fang Yuan did not want to waste time here, he headed straight for the center of the public grotto-heaven!


Ice mirror snow lotus, hundred years profound ice, thousand years profound ice, mystical frost water, heaven craft divine jade… along the way, Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing saw many resource points, even though they were small to mid sized resource points, they had plentiful storage.


The deeper they went, the more valuable the resource points in the grotto-heaven. Of course, the beasts or plants defending them were also increasingly stronger. The Five Xiangs had specially created this arrangement to test their descendants.


Even though Fang Yuan’s current strength was enough to sweep through everything, he ignored these small benefits in front of him, his mind was completely on the center of the mountain range.


Howl—!


Howling of beasts could be heard continuously as they emerged from the valleys to attack Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing.


They were jade frost antelopes.


The large ones were huge like palaces, the small ones were the size of three houses, their eyes were fully jade green in color without irises. Their horns curled upwards, even without wings, they could float and travel in the air. Each time they jumped, their hooves would emit white frost that would produce a clear chiming sound.


These jade frost antelopes appeared very peculiarly, Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing’s expressions quickly changed.


Fang Yuan snorted as he waved his hand, grabbing a fan that appeared out of nowhere.


Immortal killer move — Summer Fan!


Whoosh!


Summer fan whipped up strong winds that turned into tornadoes, they resembled winds but were actually filled with time path’s power.


The beasts that approached with a great momentum were engulfed by the winds and rapidly died. Their corpses fell from the sky like dumplings, crashing onto the snow and creating loud noises.


This large group of jade frost antelopes died in an instant, not just that, Fang Yuan’s fan also caused the snow mountain below him to crumble, creating a huge crater filled with rocks.


Fang Yuan flew down rapidly, slamming down as the rocks scattered.


He looked at a huge rock wall and inspected the aura on it, his expression turning cold.


There was a Gu formation here that Fang Yuan destroyed, it had the style of qi path.


“It seems that the restriction of five independent regions cannot restrict those Gu Immortals from Qi clan.” Fang Yuan said to Bai Ning Bing.


Bai Ning Bing nodded: “Understandable, they have already been coming here so many times, they must have a deep understanding of the place. A lot of the Five Xiangs’ restrictions cannot stop them anymore. This also means that our journey is not going to be smooth.”


Fang Yuan smiled coldly: “Qi clan’s Gu Immortals are trying to obstruct us, they must be trying to delay for time to obtain the treasure first. We will not stay here, we will move rapidly.”


The two continued to fly, along the way, as Bai Ning Bing had expected, many beast groups obstructed them.


But these beast groups were all slaughtered easily by Fang Yuan’s methods, they could barely delay his advancement.


“Fang Yuan’s methods are truly terrifying! Our beast tides are simply thin as paper!”


“No, he is simply killing them like killing ants, this is too scary.”


“They are coming, they are near the central mountain range!”


“Don’t panic, there is a layer of defense at the mountain range, there is an immemorial desolate beast there.”


3


“The defenses were broken through, Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing are arriving!”


Qi clan’s Gu Immortals continued to converse, the atmosphere was tense, when Fang Yuan arrived, Qi clan’s Gu Immortals were all panicking, their nervousness could be felt from afar.


The area that stored the treasure was very obvious, Fang Yuan could see it the moment he entered the central mountain range.


At the peak of the highest mountain, there was a palace, it was decorated in the same style as the gatehouse.


This was an Immortal Gu House!


Fang Yuan successfully got into the Immortal Gu House, he saw that at the center of the hall, there were five Qi clan Gu Immortals sitting around the ultimate treasure.


Next, his gaze turned towards the treasure of the bet.


This mysterious treasure was a white crane.


This white crane has one leg, it was covered in snow-white feathers that had no dust or dirt on it. Its long beak was red in color, its wings were tucked in as its eyes were shut tight.


Fang Yuan’s brows furrowed rapidly, he could tell that this white crane was extraordinary.


It was not a real living being, it was also not an Immortal Gu, yet it emitted a rank nine aura!


“Amazing!” Fang Yuan laughed: “So the ultimate treasure of the bet is a rank nine killer move!”


Fang Yuan’s laughter made the Qi clan Gu Immortals shudder.


They were fearful and also furious.


Qi clan had painstakingly protected this ultimate treasure of the Five Xiangs bet, but an outsider was here now trying to take it!


Qi clan has already treated the treasure as their possession. Fang Yuan wanted to take it, it meant that the great animosity between Qi clan and Fang Yuan was unresolvable.


Fang Yuan’s gaze was cold, he did not speak, he pointed his finger as a sword light flew out, attacking a Qi clan Gu Immortal.


The five Qi clan Gu Immortals had instilled their wills into the white crane killer move, they did not move and allowed the sword light to approach them.


At the crucial moment, the five lights of the hall shined as the sword light was dispelled soundlessly.


“As expected.” Fang Yuan felt no surprise.


This hall could gather the power of the entire public grotto-heaven, it was also the place where the Five Xiang’s seal was the strongest. With this power overseeing the area, Fang Yuan and Qi clan’s Gu Immortals could not fight each other.


Of course, Fang Yuan could act forcefully, but he had to suppress the Heaven Surveying Five Xiangs’ power, he would also cause great damage to the entire public grotto-heaven.


“No wonder Qi clan’s Gu Immortals are not moving! But since they have the qualification to refine this ultimate treasure, so can I!” Bai Ning Bing had her own thoughts, she got close to the killer move.


Next, she mimicked the five Gu Immortals from Qi clan as she sent her own will into it.


The five Qi clan Gu Immortals had nervous expressions while Bai Ning Bing’s body shook, she shouted to Fang Yuan: “Hurry up!”


Even without her reminder, Fang Yuan had already arrived beside her, he instilled his will into the killer move as he understood the entire situation.


At the same time, some information originating from Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable also entered his mind!


“People of the future, I am Ben Jie Sun, also known as Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable.”


“When exploring the immemorial white heaven, I by chance found a mysterious existence, it was like the heavenly spirit of a grotto-heaven. It was incredibly agile, I only managed to capture it after spending a lot of effort. After researching it, I found that it was incredibly profound, it involved the deepest mysteries of this world. It corresponded with the details in the latter half of <<The Legends of Ren Zu>>.”


“I temporarily named it the natural heavenly spirit, it could not be brought out of white heaven or placed into one’s grotto-heaven. It was filled with heaven’s will that was constantly replenished at all times. Even I could not use my human will to refine it forcefully.”


“After thinking long and hard, I found a solution, I forcefully condensed it and created an immortal killer move, I called it — Heaven Form!”




