Chapter 164: Intense Battle


To fight against a Thunder Crown Wolf, one must strike first. Its strength was just too great – if it was allowed to reach the village, it would cause untold destruction.


The group’s capabilities were formidable. With the rank four clan leader Gu Yue Bo at the front, and several elders as his support, they were a potent force.


The wolf tide was surging violently, yet they went against it with careful, practiced cooperation, as if the group were a warship, splitting the waves and advancing bravely forward.


Wherever they went, they swept away everything in their path!


The closer they got to the Thunder Crown Wolf, the greater the pressure they felt from the surrounding wolf tide.


Gu Yue Bo was calm and composed. Suddenly he stretched out his right palm and slashed forward.


Swoosh!


A golden moonblade, as big as a grown adult, formed in a split second and advanced.


Swoosh swoosh swoosh!


After flying for a few meters, the moonblade suddenly split into three.


The three golden blades sailed forward, cutting the wind and carving three bloody paths through the wolf pack.


Wolves fell and died. Severed limbs flew through air, and bloodcurdling howls resounded across the battlefield.


A Frenzy Lightning Wolf roared and charged fiercely towards the Gu Masters from the right. “Let me!” one of the elders shouted, his body transforming from thin and wiry to corpulent in an instant.


With a bang, he used his massive, round belly to send the Frenzy Lightning Wolf flying.


The beast had come in a torrential rush, but the greater the force of its charge, the greater the rebound. It was thrown high into the air in a glorious arc before it landed hundreds of meters away.


The other elders were displaying all sorts of abilities.


There were some with long hair like needles that shot out and swept away countless wolves.


Some of them were covered in glowing armor made of light, forcefully breaking through the wolves and enduring their tearing claws and ripping bites.


The Thunder Crown Wolf slowly rose to its feet. It firmly stared at the Gu Masters rushing towards it, its dark eyes flashing with warning.


It opened its mouth and growled, revealing its sharp, jagged fangs.


Every Frenzy Lightning Wolf and Bold Lightning Wolf that heard its growl immediately turned and rushed towards the Gu Masters.


The sudden rallying of the wolves slowed the Gu Masters’ charge.


“Clan Leader!”


“I’ll leave it to all of you, clan elders!”


“You have to win…”


Countless eyes were focused on them. Countless shouts rang out in the hearts of the clansmen.


This was the most crucial battle.


If they lost here, the entire clan would face extinction. If they were victorious, the worst of the wolf tide would be over.


This was the battle that would decide the life and death of the Gu Yue Clan!


None of the elders backed off. They pushed forward, drenched in blood. Even though none of them had fallen, none were spared from injury.


They eliminated all obstacles around them, until at last they faced the Thunder Crown Wolf. They charged.


Therapy Light Gu.


Suddenly a middle-aged female clan elder stretched out both her hands, and a warm, pure white light bubbled forth. The light first flowed onto the clan leader’s body, and then bounced to each of the other clan elders.


This was a rank three healing Gu that could heal several people at once, and it could instantly cause wounds to stop bleeding. Light wounds would be recovered completely, while heavy wounds would be healed by half.


“Continue fighting!” Gu Yue Bo roared loudly.


At his signal, five clan elders slashed their arms and sent moonblades flying into the sky.


Suddenly, another elder roared as all his muscles erupted, his body expanding to become a giant white-furred ape three times his normal size.


The ape jumped to the front of the group, its hands joined together.


Gu Yue Bo stepped into the cupped hands. With a low roar, the ape kicked off from the ground, stretched out its waist, and used all of its strength to throw Gu Yue Bo into the sky.


Moon-Invite Gu.


Gu Yue Bo stretched out his left hand, which glowed with a hazy, spiralling purple moonlight.


The moonblades that the clan elders had shot towards the sky were all drawn in and absorbed by this purple moonlight.


“SLASH!”


Gu Yue Bo’s eyes shone as he roared and split the air with both hands, top to bottom.


Pew!


Winds and thunder resounded as a purple moonblade, larger than a horse carriage, flew towards the Thunder Crown Wolf.


Though it seemed slow, it was incredibly fast, and in a split second, it struck its target.


The Thunder Crown Wolf howled, and at the last moment, lightning armor appeared around its body.


Bam!


The sky was engulfed in an explosion of eerie blue lightning and alluring purple moonlight.


The onlookers squinted as shockwaves spread from the impact, and the ordinary lightning wolves in the vicinity were sent flying.


When the intense light dissipated, the Gu Masters were already engaging in battle with the Thunder Crown Wolf.


The clan elders were all extremely experienced and well coordinated with each other.


An aged old master shot out needles from his floating white hair like rain.


A female Gu Master blew flames from her nostrils, the waves of orange fire writhing like snakes as she attacked wolves on either side.


Three Gu Masters were focused on keeping the Thunder Crown Wolf at bay. One was the man who had transformed into a giant white ape. Another had turned his body to steel from head to toe. The last stood back and tossed out countless Puppet Gu, pouring his primeval essence and turning them into vine-armored grass soldiers or wooden soldiers with red spears. These acted as fodder to block the incoming assault.


Healing Gu Masters stood at the periphery, using Therapy Light Gu from time to time. Beside them were defensive Gu Masters, giving them care and protection.


The Thunder Crown Wolf had suffered a great injury from the purple moonblade. Its right leg was torn open and blood gushed from the wound.


It roared continuously, caught in the Gu Master’s well-planned trap. Even if it wished to fight back, there was not much it could do.


The Gu Masters weaved and jumped around it like fleas on a cat or dog. Their cooperation was flawless as they maintained their spacing.


But the good situation did not last. The Thunder Crown Wolf slowly began to adapt, and the wound on its body did not stop healing.


It was clear that it had a healing Gu on its body. This was very bad news.


It meant that this was a war of attrition.


Wild Gu could use the natural essence in the air around them, while Gu Masters could only use primeval essence from their own apertures.


After fifteen minutes, the Thunder Crown Wolf suddenly howled toward the sky. A torrent of lightning enveloped its whole body and its speed doubled.


The elder who had turned into a white ape could not dodge in time. The Thunder Crown Wolf slammed its jaws down on the ape’s head and savagely ripped it off.


In an instant, the Thunder Crown Wolf had opened a gap in their front line. It swiped its tail continuously, sending blue electricity pulsing forth. The Gu Masters could only retreat.


In this dangerous moment, the clan leader Gu Yue Bo stepped forward.


He was a rank four expert with powerful attacks and superior defense. Like a pillar, he held the group together and used all his strength to salvage the situation.


Mountain rock shattered and shadows fled as the battle expanded. Not a single lightning wolf dared to approach.


The situation only became more desperate. The Thunder Crown Wolf’s injuries became heavier, so deep that its bones could be seen. At the same time, the Gu Masters also suffered heavy losses. They had already lost six elders, and if not for reinforcements from the elders stationed in the village, the battle might have long collapsed.


“Everyone, stand strong, holding is the key to victory!” Gu Yue Bo killed until his eyes were red, and shouted until his voice was hoarse as he gave his all to raise morale.


But at that moment, the Thunder Crown Wolf suddenly went berserk, its body enshrouded in a layer of bright red light.


Rank four Berserk Gu!


Suddenly, its strength, speed, agility, and other physical attributes doubled.


Boom!


With a loud noise, a swipe of its right claw turned an elder to mush.


With a flick of its tail that broke the air, an electrical net flew out and trapped all the grass and wooden puppets before burning them to charcoal.


“I can’t keep up, my puppets are already used up!” the elder cried out, frightened.


With the situation rapidly changing for the worse, the terror of the myriad beast king was fully unleashed, leaving everyone in despair.


Gu Yue Bo’s brow was set in a deep frown, and it seemed like he was about to break his teeth from how hard his jaw clenched. Suddenly, he yelled, “Trap it, use the Iron Chain Snake!”


As the clan elders heard this, they were shocked.


Before the wolf tide had even begun, they had brainstormed and practiced countless battle tactics to handle all sorts of situations. And this was a method that should only be used as a last resort!


“Wind Snare Gu!” an elder cried out, and from his nostrils came a green wind that wrapped around the Thunder Crown Wolf’s claws.


“Swamp Gu!” Another elder roared and crouched down, slamming both hands on the ground. In an instant, the earth below the Thunder Crown Wolf turned into mud.


Under these simultaneous attacks, the Thunder Crown Wolf’s movements were slowed for a moment.


Taking advantage of this opportunity, the other elders all stretched out their hands, and from their sleeves and pants, waves of black shadows shot out.


These shadows were about the diameter of a fist, and each was around two meters long. On close inspection, one could see that each black shadow was a snake Gu.


These snakes were shaped like iron chains, coils of metal rings strung and connected together, and only their heads looked like a snake’s.


They slithered across the ground and quickly climbed onto the Thunder Crown Wolf’s body.


Their heads and tails connected together, forming a metal net in the blink of an eye. The edges took root in the ground, trapping the Thunder Crown Wolf where it stood.


But this situation was only temporary. As the Thunder Crown Wolf continued to struggle, the chains would break one by one. They had only bought themselves a few minutes.


“Chi Guang, Suo Ping, stay here and stop the wolf pack from attacking the metal chains. The rest of you, fall back to the village with me!” Gu Yue Bo shouted. He had actually chosen to retreat.


However, the other elders were not surprised; they had already known the clan leader’s intention.


They hurried back to the village, and immediately an elder came up towards them and said, “Lord Clan Leader, everything has been prepared!”


Gu Yue Bo nodded, commanding the group to go to the clan pavilion.


In the plaza before the clan pavilion, there were already almost a hundred people seated on the ground.


These Gu Masters consisted of the seriously injured, those who could not join the current battle. Their faces bore the calmness of those who faced death without fear. Meanwhile, every Gu Master capable of fighting had been called to the front lines.


At this moment, the clan was giving its all. In this dire situation, even the mortals had been mobilized, buying time with their lives for the Gu Masters to recuperate and regroup.


Gu Yue Bo and the clan elders went into the ancestral halls of the clan pavilion.


Under the memorial tablets of their ancestors, they all sank to their knees. “To the great ancestor above us, we are greatly ashamed! The wolf tide is turbulent, and the village has fallen into grave peril. We beseech our great ancestor, lend us your aid!” When Gu Yue Bo finished speaking in a low voice, the ancestral hall fell into deep silence.


Drip drop.


Blood from hastily bandaged wounds dripped onto the floor.


Gu Yue Bo and the rest of the clan elders kept still, not even daring to breathe.


Long ago, when the Gu Yue Clan’s founder felt his death approaching, he left the village. But before his departure, he left a will behind. It said that if the clan was ever in danger of perishing, they could pray before his memorial tablet. At that moment, Gu worms would descend from the sky and help the village through the difficult situation.


Throughout history, the Gu Yue Clan had used this method a few times to endure through great calamities.


This was the Gu Yue Clan’s last trump card!


