Chapter 1642: Blood Revenge


Inside rank nine killer move heaven form.


Fang Yuan’s will moved like a dragon, coiling in the air as he charged down abruptly.


Rumble!


Fang Yuan’s will descended like a meteor, crashing into the bottom of the sea of wills, exterminating a large amount of them in an instant.


However, this sea of will was truly huge, Fang Yuan’s attack only destroyed a small portion of them.


“Even though I won and occupied the killer move’s core area, this place is filled with the wills of the Five Xiangs’ descendants. Only after I exterminate them all can I truly activate this rank nine killer move.”


This sea of will was colossal. And the bigger problem was, these wills were affected by the rank nine killer move and were as sturdy as rocks. Many of Fang Yuan’s methods could not work on them, under the influence of the rank nine killer move, he had a limited number of methods to use.


Fang Yuan suddenly had a thought as he instilled a new tide of will.


Swoosh swoosh swoosh!


The will gathered into swords as countless will swords shot down like rain, stabbing into the sea of wills and creating huge pits.


In a while, a layer of this sea of wills was eradicated.




Compared to the earlier will dragon, this rain of will swords had far more terrifying power.


Fang Yuan saw this and sighed deeply: “As expected of rank eight Immortal Gu Wisdom Sword!”


He had rank eight cultivation level now, he could use this Gu. Even though it was a sword path Immortal Gu, it was closely related to wisdom path.


Fang Yuan used it as the core to deduce a simple move that could summon a large amount of sword will.


Using these sword wills to attack the sea of wills was the most effective method that Fang Yuan had tried.


But if he did that, his investments would be very high. Wisdom sword Immortal Gu was a rank eight Gu, it expended white litchi immortal essence and the immortal killer move with it would cause a lot of immortal essence expenditure.


But Fang Yuan calculated and found that he could accept this expenditure.


After all, he was affluent, his immortal aperture management was a rising gold mine.


During the battle in the River of Time, even though Fang Yuan escaped and ruined Heavenly Court’s plan of killing him, his losses were severe. The destruction of the incomplete Immortal Gu House was extremely painful to him, even now.


This incomplete Immortal Gu House was created by Fang Yuan after capturing many Southern Border Gu Immortals and obtaining their Immortal Gu, he went through transactions and negotiations with Southern Border’s righteous path, eventually extorting enough Immortal Gu for the assembly.




Fang Yuan had spent a lot of effort to do this, even though he spent so much time on it, it was destroyed.


“I hope this heaven form killer move can be of use to me.”


Fang Yuan was deeply anticipating what heaven form could bring to him.


For ordinary killer moves, Fang Yuan could investigate and deduce their abilities. But this killer move was rank nine, it was too profound, Fang Yuan could not comprehend it.


This was Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s creation, he was specialized in space path and theft path, even if this was not an offensive move, it had an incredible effect for sure.


Even though Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable did not explain anything about this move, Fang Yuan could deduce some things from other aspects.


Like Shadow Sect’s attitude.


Shadow Sect’s Old Man Yan Shi specially helped Bai Ning Bing for the sake of getting heaven form.


“Old Man Yan Shi was a wisdom path great expert, he might have found out something, this heaven form killer move must be very useful to Shadow Sect.”


Fang Yuan was the current leader of Shadow Sect, this heaven form killer move was definitely going to be beneficial to him.


Other than getting rid of the sea of wills, Fang Yuan also broke the Five Xiang’s seal and obtained the Immortal Gu House at the peak of the mountain, as well as this public grotto-heaven.


This grotto-heaven only opened once in a thousand years, it had abundant resources. Qi clan’s Gu Immortals were too busy fleeing, they could not obtain any of these resources, so they all became Fang Yuan’s resources.


Boom—!


The huge explosion tore Bai Ning Bing to pieces.


But at the next moment, her Bai Xiang form gathered again and charged at Qi clan’s Gu Immortals.


Qi clan’s Gu Immortals had ugly expressions, they saw how terrifying the killer move Bai Xiang was!


Bai Ning Bing had this move active, she was almost undying. Even so, right now, she was not fighting alone, Ying Wu Xie and Hei Lou Lan were also helping her.


Even though Fang Yuan wanted Bai Ning Bing to kill these Qi clan Gu Immortals, he knew her limits. She did not even have the most crucial immortal battlefield killer move.


Fang Yuan had already set up an immortal formation in ambush, ever since he captured the Southern Border righteous path immortals, he started to love this method.


Once Qi clan’s Gu Immortals entered, they were stripped of their freedom by the immortal formation, they could not escape, they had to fight Bai Ning Bing.


“Ah—!” With a painful scream, the youngest Qi clan Gu Immortal was fatally injured by Bai Ning Bing and died.


“My turn.” Ying Wu Xie was already prepared, he immediately moved and captured the Qi clan Gu Immortal’s soul, trapping it in the formation.


The remaining Qi clan Gu Immortals shouted in anger as they retaliated fiercely.


Bai Ning Bing was broken into fragments again, but she revived in a few breaths of time, reforming into Bai Xiang again.


Even though there were many Qi clan Gu Immortals who had high battle strength, they all revealed expressions of despair now.


Because they knew that Bai Ning Bing could not be killed, while they were trapped here, they would eventually lose in this battle of attrition.


3


“What do we do?”


“Bai Ning Bing is too troublesome to deal with, and most importantly, this Fang Yuan is too vicious, he actually set this formation near the entrance of our Qi Sea grotto-heaven!”


Qi clan’s Gu Immortals had been very vigilant but when they were near their base, they were captured.


They did not know that Fang Yuan had killed Qi Zai. Even though he did not enter the Five Xiang grotto-heaven, he knew the details of Qi Sea grotto-heaven.


This Qi Sea grotto-heaven was the immortal aperture of Qi Xiang in the past, after being placed in white heaven, it could not move anymore, it had stayed there all along.


Fang Yuan used this intel to set up the immortal formation secretly, managing to trap the Qi clan members.


“At this rate, we are bound to lose!”


“Stall! I don’t believe that her Bai Xiang killer move is so strong, does it not have any cost or backlash?”


“Don’t forget about Fang Yuan, if he gets here, we are not in the Immortal Gu House, the Five Xiang’s seal cannot stop him.”


“We cannot break out of the immortal formation, we need to let Qi Ping Su come out and cooperate with us to break this formation.”


“No! Qi Ping Su is the only person left in the base, if he comes out, he will need to open the entrance, Shadow Sect would be able to use that chance.”


1


“Fang Yuan might be nearby waiting for the grotto-heaven to open already, so that he can charge in!”


Fang Yuan did not come.


But his fearsomeness and craftiness was etched into everyone’s hearts, the Qi clan Gu Immortals felt deep pressure and started to be flustered.


At the same time.


In Central Continent, a young man was standing quietly, looking at the Immortal Gu in front of him.


This young man had a mature and experienced expression, it showed that he had gone through many hurdles in his life.


This was none other than Gu Yue Fang Zheng.


Gu Yue Fang Zheng was originally going to be executed by Immortal Crane Sect, but Fang Yuan plotted and faked his death, making him live in Lang Ya blessed land.


Fang Zheng lived in a place where he was ostracized by hairy men, he had experienced a long period of wars and conflicts, being in danger at all times, he was also often in situations where his life was on the line.


After all of these experiences, he was no longer the same as before, he had truly matured.


After that, when Heavenly Court attacked Lang Ya blessed land, because of Gu Yue Fang Zheng’s unique identity, he was saved by Feng Jiu Ge.


After that, he returned to Central Continent.


“If I am not wrong, this is a blood path Immortal Gu?” Fang Zheng looked at the Gu Immortal before him as he showed a mocking smile: “You want me to cultivate blood path, become a demonic path Gu Immortal and deal with Gu Yue Fang Yuan? This is the decision of Immortal Crane Sect, a righteous path sect?”


1


Immortal Crane Sect’s rank six Gu Immortal Fan Xi Liu frowned slightly as he chuckled: “Regardless of what strength it is, if you use it righteously, it is righteous, if you use it for evil, it is demonic. Don’t you understand this? For example, I cultivate poison path but I can still help the people of this world. You can do the same with blood path.”


Gu Yue Fang Zheng shook his head: “Me cultivating blood path is only for the sake of dealing with Fang Yuan effectively. After all, we are blood brothers!”


Even though Fang Yuan had the sovereign immortal body, his time path clone was still blood related to Fang Zheng.


Fan Xi Liu nodded: “That is the case indeed. Don’t you want to take revenge? After all, he slaughtered all of your clansmen in Gu Yue village.”


Gu Yue Fang Zheng sighed deeply, even though he had a young face, his gaze was deep with the vicissitudes of life.


“So many years have passed. To speak the truth, even though I still hate him, I understand him already.”


“I have thought about it, I was very childish and ignorant when I was young, Fang Yuan had taken care of me greatly. In contrast, my uncle and aunt had treated me as a pawn and made use of me. Should I take revenge for such people? I do not want to.”


2


“Of course, the clan leader and Gu Yue Qing Shu had taken good care of me, they helped to nurture me, I am very willing to take revenge for them.”


3


“But I am tired now… sigh, the cycle of killing each other continues endlessly over time… I do not want revenge anymore.”


Fan Xi Liu’s expression did not change: “It seems that these years, you have truly experienced a lot of things.”


Gu Yue Fang Zheng looked at him, his mocking smile became wider: “The irony is that when I wanted to take revenge, the sect did not support me and even wanted to eliminate me. But when I gave up on revenge, you all saved me and supported my revenge.”


Speaking of this, Gu Yue Fang Zheng looked at the blood path Immortal Gu, having an eerie gaze: “And I know that I have no choice, I can only accept this.”


Fan Xi Liu assessed Fang Zheng once again, a surprise flashed in his eyes as he smiled lightly: “Is it really fine to speak so openly about this?”


“Does it really matter? I know that with your methods, I cannot hide any thoughts from you, isn’t that that right?” Saying so, Fang Zheng stretched out his arm, holding that Gu as he asked: “What is this Gu’s name?”


“Blood Revenge.”




