Chapter 1644: Big Family Qi


Qi Sea grotto-heaven.


“Come!” Fang Yuan’s main body shouted as he stretched out his right arm, his five fingers grabbing at the unlimited qi sea in front of him.


Immediately, an orange-yellow qi flowed out of unlimited qi sea.


This qi was extremely special, it was shiny and lively, moving with a long trail behind it, the tip of the qi had auspicious clouds circling around it.


This was luck qi.


A type of immortal material.


Unlimited qi sea had all sorts of qi in it, luck qi was one of the rarer ones. Because even in the five regions and two heavens, luck qi of such a scale was rarely seen. If a Gu Immortal could find some, they were very lucky.


Fang Yuan was dismantling the killer move unlimited qi sea now.


This killer move was Qi Xiang’s greatest trump card, it was similar to Fang Yuan’s Luo Po seal and reverse flow protection seal, this unlimited qi sea killer move also used immortal materials, they were the myriad forms of qi that he gathered.


The more types of qi gathered on large scales, the stronger unlimited qi sea was. Of course, not only would this move expend immortal essence, it also used up the stored qi. Even if they were not used, as time passed, these qi would naturally dissipate slowly.


1Thus, Fang Yuan had faced the unlimited qi sea killer move earlier when it was not at its peak.




It was the fifth day now.


Ever since he succeeded in taking down Qi Sea grotto-heaven, he had been resting here. Two days ago, he collated all of his gains, he also made enslavement agreements with the three Qi clan Gu Immortals, Qi Ping Su, Qi Fa and Qi Cai. Some of the resources that could be moved into the sovereign immortal aperture were also dealt with by Ying Wu Xie and the rest. Meanwhile, his own focus was on the killer move unlimited qi sea.


This was a qi path killer move, it was not usable for Fang Yuan. Dismantling it would give him a vast amount of qi, that was quite valuable. And most importantly, Fang Yuan could only deal with these Gu worms after dismantling the killer move, otherwise, if he refined them rashly, he might face the backlash of the killer move, after all, this move was complete and extraordinary.


“I will need three more days to extract all of the qi at this rate.”


“After that, I will refine these Immortal Gu.”


Fang Yuan planned inwardly.


There were many mortal Gu worms used to construct unlimited qi sea killer move, but Fang Yuan did not really care about them.


His focus was on the Immortal Gu.


There were six Immortal Gu that made up this killer move, one was a rank eight Immortal Gu, called Big Qi, it was the core of the killer move.


Other than that, there were some rank seven and six Gu worms. Fang Yuan was paying the most attention to a rank seven Immortal Gu, it was called Big Family Qi.




This qi path Gu worm could store all sorts of qi, including the qi of tribulations!


The final point was crucial.


Fang Yuan had once used many small family qi Gu to store his tribulation qi and help him to pass tribulations. As an Immortal Gu, Big Family Qi had a much stronger ability in this aspect.


“With this Immortal Gu, I will be able to store and release tribulation qi, that is a superb method to deal with tribulations.”


“If the calamities and tribulations are powerful, I will use this Gu to absorb the tribulation qi and weaken it. If it is weak, I will release tribulation qi to allow myself to gain more dao marks in the end.”


“Using this Gu, I can even absorb the heaven and earth qi of the outside world and store it. When the sovereign immortal aperture needs it, I can release this qi, this prevents me from needing to place my immortal aperture in order to absorb heaven and earth qi and stabilize the sovereign immortal aperture.”


Different situations gave rise to different needs.


It was not that a higher ranked Immortal Gu was necessarily more helpful to the Gu Immortal. In this case, rank seven Big Family Qi was much more helpful to him than rank eight Big Qi.


Refining these qi path Immortal Gu would expend Fang Yuan’s time and energy.


But there was no difficulty thanks to Fang Yuan’s quasi-supreme grandmaster attainment level in refinement path and theft path great grandmaster attainment level, as well as great thief ghost hand and other methods


Like what Fang Yuan anticipated, a few days later, he absorbed all of the qi here, these qi were all stored in different ways, those that Fang Yuan could not keep were sold in treasure yellow heaven directly


Not only these qi, some of the resources inside Qi Sea grotto-heaven and the Five Xiang’s public grotto-heaven were sold by Fang Yuan to exchange for resources he needed.


Normally, he traded goods for goods, there were few transactions involving immortal essence stones.


Because Fang Yuan had advanced to rank eight, he had white litchi immortal essence now.


One bead of white litchi immortal essence was in some sense a hundred beads of red date immortal essence, which was ten thousand beads of green grape immortal essence.


That was to say, ten thousand immortal essence stones could be converted into one white litchi immortal essence bead, the conversion rate was simply too bad.


Thus in most cases, rank eight Gu Immortals produced their own beads of immortal essence and stored them.


Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture had abundant time path resources, he could produce beads of white litchi immortal essence rapidly, he did not need external replenishment from immortal essence stones. Especially when this replenishment came at such a high and inefficient cost.


Fang Yuan’s cultivation resources were mostly traded for immortal materials, because he was going to mass refine Gu now.


Right when Fang Yuan was focusing on refining the qi path Immortal Gu, Ying Wu Xie secretly went to find him.


He was no longer in a female body, he had changed to a body belonging to a Gu Immortal from Southern Border’s Yang clan, they had compatible soul path dao marks. In battle, Fang Yuan would also create some Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies for him to use.


Ying Wu Xie said cautiously: “Sect leader, you have already refined all of the three Qi clan Gu Immortals’ Immortal Gu, but you returned and rented them out, that is a good way to control them. But why don’t you use it on Bai Ning Bing? Even though she is very useful to you now, that is only temporarily, your ice and snow path attainment will increase in the future. Furthermore, Bai Ning Bing possesses the killer move Bai Xiang, it is very powerful and threatening. Even if she joins Shadow Sect and undergoes the alliance agreement, she can easily break it without a problem. I might be out of line, but you seem to be too… lenient with Bai Ning Bing.”


Fang Yuan smiled as he shook his head.


“That is because you don’t understand her.”


“She is a person who does not fear death. If I try that on her, she would rather die than surrender.”


“Even though I have methods to retain most of her Immortal Gu, what is the use of that?”


“You’ve already seen it in the battle of Reverse Flow River, I need manpower to restrain Heavenly Court’s members. With your current strength, none of you can help me in this.”


“Bai Ning Bing who has the killer move Bai Xiang is very valuable.”


“With her identity and circumstances, she cannot turn towards Heavenly Court. At the same time, she needs me to refine yin yang rotation Immortal Gu and restore her male body.”


Fang Yuan had refinement path quasi-supreme attainment level while Bai Ning Bing had no confidence in refining the Immortal Gu herself!


“We are too useless.” Ying Wu Xie lowered his head.


Fang Yuan laughed heartily: “I understand your other intention. I will take care of you guys and raise your battle strength.”


In the past, Fang Yuan only had rank seven cultivation level, he had to prioritize himself. But now, he was rank eight, raising Ying Wu Xie, Hei Lou Lan, and the others’ battle strength was icing on the cake for Fang Yuan.


Of course, there were other reasons. In the past, Fang Yuan had no time or energy for this, but now as a rank eight, even though he was weak against Heavenly Court, ordinary people could no longer find trouble with him, they even had to avoid him. And with Fang Yuan’s powerful methods in blocking deductions, as long as he did not go to the River of Time, he was safe.


In such a situation, Fang Yuan could calmly strengthen his subordinates.


He had a strong feeling that these people would be useful in the future.


Furthermore, raising their cultivation level was easy, he could mainly use time path methods to accelerate the time in their immortal apertures. Even if they had calamities and tribulations, he could help them to pass.


Ying Wu Xie obtained Fang Yuan’s promise and left happily.


Next, in his free time, Fang Yuan called Hei Lou Lan over.


“I’ll show you someone.” Fang Yuan took out the captive Gu Immortal Hei Cheng.


1Hei Lou Lan stared with wide opened eyes, she was furious, wanting to tear Hei Cheng to pieces.


Even though Hei Cheng was her father, they had deep hatred between them.


Hei Lou Lan did not act out of line, she watched as Fang Yuan stored Hei Cheng back into his immortal aperture, she breathed roughly with bloodshot eyes as she gritted her teeth and said: “So Hei Cheng was in sect leader’s hands the entire time! Are you thinking of recruiting him?”


Fang Yuan laughed heartily: “Don’t worry, compared to him, I hold you in higher regard. As long as you cultivate hard and accumulate some contributions, I am sure you will be able to take revenge one day.”


“I understand!” Hei Lou Lan looked at Fang Yuan, by now, she had already been far exceeded by him, this difference made her feel extremely helpless.




