Chapter 165: Blood Guillotine


In the ancestral hall, it was deathly silent. The clan leader and elders lowered their heads as though they bore a massive weight.


After a Gu Master died, the Gu worms they left behind would still contain their will. They could not be considered wild Gu worms, having lost their ability to use the natural essence in the air.


Such Gu worms could be considered an extension of the dead Gu Master’s life.


Everyone was uneasy.


The founder had been dead for at least a thousand years, so were the methods he had left behind still effective? No one knew.


After all, it had already been two hundred years since the last time they had called for aid.


Why did they retreat? Fang Yuan observed from the hillside, growing suspicious.


In his previous life, his cultivation had been too low, and he had never learned the clan’s secrets.


But soon, his body shook as he noticed a group of flying worms descending from the sky.


This is… Fang Yuan’s eyes narrowed, showing a cold gleam.


Hundreds of Gu worms flew together, forming a red cloud that descended on the village square.


Buzz buzz buzz…


As the sound of the insects reached the ancestral hall, the elders raised their heads, bearing expressions of joy.


“Thank you, great ancestor, for your protection!” Gu Yue Bo paid his respects. He got to his feet, his worries eased.


“Come, let us go and see,” the clan leader said, sighing. He bore a complicated expression: happiness, solemnity, and grief all mixed together.


As they left the ancestral hall and stood on the entrance stairs, they could see the village square. There, a red tornado rampaged.


It was formed of countless Gu worms the size of a fingertip. They were shaped like hideous, blood-red locusts.


They burrowed into the bodies of the Gu Masters sitting in the square, extracting their blood and primeval essence and using it to reproduce. In a few breaths, the insects had multiplied rapidly.


The swarm exploded in size as they continued to feed, the newborn Gu worms flying out only to dive back into the bodies of other Gu Masters.


Miserable cries and cold groans echoed around the square, but not one Gu Master fled.


Before they came, they had already been informed by the clan elders. They willingly offered their bodies as tribute to feed the Gu, using themselves as sacrifices for the survival of the clan.


“They are all true sons and daughters of the clan!” Gu Yue Bo muttered in a low voice, his hand trembling slightly as it gripped the railing.


The other elders showed pained expressions, but they did not say anything.


This situation was exactly as told in the clan’s records. The founder had left behind these Gu worms, and they required the lives of Gu Masters to feed. Only when they were satisfied would they help the clan defend against its enemies.


After the flying Gu were sated, they flew up once again. In the blink of an eye, the swarm had grown a dozen times larger!


Only white bones were left in the village square as the red tornado flew out of the village, tearing into the wolf packs.


The Blood Guillotine indeed… Fang Yuan thought.


It was a very strange rank five Gu that was fed in the same way that it was used.


They consumed a Gu Master’s lifeblood, and after feasting, they would multiply, from one to two, from two to four…


If they were hungry and couldn’t find food, they would eat each other, reducing the size of the swarm even as they sustained themselves.


At its peak, the Blood Guillotine could engulf heaven and earth, destroying all life in its path. It could be more fearsome than many rank six Gu worms. But at its weakest, with only a few locusts in the swarm, they were even weaker than a rank three Gu.


And when refined to rank six, the Blood Guillotine Gu advanced into the demonic Blood Deity. On the list of the Top Ten Great Demonic Gu, it ranked seventh.


In his previous life, when Fang Yuan ruled the Bloodwing Demon Sect, he had first wanted to refine the Blood Deity instead of the Spring Autumn Cicada. However, because of his circumstances and various other reasons, he could only reduce his expectations and refine the latter.


This Blood Guillotine swarm numbered in the tens of thousands. They swept through the battlefield like a tempest, and everywhere they went there was the wailing of wolves.


They flew left and right, entering the beasts’ bodies, and in a few breaths, they would drink their blood dry.


But this blood did not allow the Blood Guillotine to multiply. Only a Gu Master’s lifeblood, infused with primeval essence, could achieve this effect.


One after another, lightning wolves were reduced to withered corpses.


Only the Bold Lightning Wolves and Frenzy Lightning Wolves’ lightning currents could resist the Blood Guillotine.


However, even they could only electrocute a small number of them before they were overwhelmed by the swarm and sucked dry in an instant.


Awoo!


The steel net finally broke apart as the Thunder Crown Wolf regained its freedom. It howled in anger.


The Blood Guillotine swarm detected it and gathered quickly, forming a large red cloud and engulfing the giant beast.


The Thunder Crown Wolf swung its tail, blue lightning crackling around it, and burned thousands of Blood Guillotine Gu to a crisp.


The popping sound was just like firecrackers going off. A gust of wind blew, carrying the horrible burnt smell of roasted Blood Guillotine Gu.


They were indeed rank five Gu, but without a user, the swarm could only attack head on. The Thunder Crown Wolf had several rank four Gu residing on its body, and some of them could attack in a wide area and counter the Blood Guillotine.


The flying insects moved like a red cloud, and the Thunder Crown Wolf’s hill-sized body flailed as it howled and tried to deal with the swarm.


At that moment, the Thunder Crown Wolf’s massive body became its weakness. It was simply too easy for the tiny Blood Guillotine Gu to attack it.


In the intense battle, countless locusts fell to the ground, but the Thunder Crown Wolf’s armor was pierced. The swarm began to drill into its body and drink its blood wantonly.


Without any other choice, the Thunder Crown Wolf could spray plasma on itself, electrocuting the Gu that had broken through its defenses.


But as a result, it fried the surface of its own body, and the smell of cooked meat spread on the wind.


The wolf tide had already stopped attacking the village.


Under the Thunder Crown Wolf’s command, countless wolves attacked the insect swarm.


The Gu Masters had narrowly escaped death, and they held their breaths as they nervously watched the intense and tragic battle.


The insect swarm was like a death plague. Countless wolves rushed in and died in moments.


However, their sacrifices also whittled away at the swarm.


The Blood Guillotine swarm visibly diminished, first from a dense cloud to a thin fog, and then to a small tornado hovering in the air.


The Thunder Crown Wolf fled, unleashing a howl as it ran with all its might.


Almost half of its blood had been devoured. Its body felt sluggish, and it was not moving at even a tenth of its usual speed. The lightning currents that roamed its form had grown sparse, and they flickered as though they would go out.


Their ruler’s escape broke the lightning wolves’ morale, and they too began to flee.


“We finally did it…” The Gu Masters felt the energy drain out of their bodies at the sight. Some collapsed on the ground, unwilling to get up.


“I’m actually still alive!” Many of them bore complicated expressions, filled with happiness and grief.


Over the course of the wolf tide, many clansmen were sacrificed!


Buzz buzz buzz…


The scattered Blood Guillotine Gu flew high into the sky, circling the whole of Gu Yue Village before vanishing into the clouds.


Fang Yuan’s eyes gleamed at the sight.


The defeat of the Thunder Crown Wolf meant the village was now safe. Most of the wolves were dead or injured, so they no longer had the numbers to assault the village.


The wolf tide was finally over.


However, wolves bear grudges. As long as the myriad beast king still lived, it would attack again in a few years and form another wolf tide. If it was allowed to recuperate, it would become even stronger and shrewder.


It was currently at its weakest. Killing it now and getting the Gu worms on its body would help replenish some of the clan’s losses.


“Yao Zhong, Ge Yan, you two stay behind and take care of the situation. Everyone else, follow me and assault the Thunder Crown Wolf!” Gu Yue Bo hurriedly ordered. He led the remaining seven elders capable of fighting out of the village, chasing after the Thunder Crown Wolf.


Fang Yuan’s eyes shone. Although the clan’s power is greatly reduced, the current situation is not chaotic. Moreover, this Blood Guillotine swarm is suspicious. I should follow the clan leader and check out the situation.


At that thought, he vanished from sight and made his way after them.


The Stealth Scales Gu and the Thunderwings Gu could not be used effectively at the same time. As a rank two Gu, the Stealth Scales Gu could not hide the lightning wings created by the rank three Thunderwings Gu.


And regardless, its invisibility would be ineffective against the rank three investigative methods the elders undoubtedly possessed.


Fang Yuan could only follow their tracks at a distance, not daring to get too close.


When the Thunder Crown Wolf had attacked, he had been in the rock crack secret cave and did not participate in the battle. If he appeared now, it would attract the rage of the other elders, and if they questioned him, he could not explain himself.


The Thunder Crown Wolf’s injuries were very severe, so it could not move fast. After half an hour, Fang Yuan could hear the sound of fighting and shouting ahead of him.


He sneaked over and observed from a nearby cliff.


The Thunder Crown Wolf lay on the ground with many new injuries on its body. Blood flowed endlessly as it gasped for breath. Its dim eyes showed that it was very near death.


“Bai, you old geezer! You sure have balls, coming here and taking advantage of the situation!”


“Hehehe, Gu Yue Bo, you’ve got it all wrong. We stopped this Thunder Crown Wolf, so get a clue and fuck off!”


Gu Yue Bo and the Bai clan leader were at a wary standoff.


There were three Thunder Crown Wolves in the wolf den, each a myriad beast king that ruled tens of thousands of lightning wolves. But they were not allies, nor could they suppress one another.


Wolf packs relied on working together. Thus, the three Thunder Crown Wolves each chose to go their own way and target a separate “beast group” to hunt.


In their eyes, humans were also wild beasts, and even prey.


In their understanding, the wolf tide was a massive hunting session.


On Qing Mao Mountain, the Xiong, Gu Yue, and Bai clans were able to live for hundreds of years. Naturally, they all had their trump cards.


The Xiong Clan was the weakest, and even now they were still resisting the wolf tide with difficulty. The Bai Clan had risen up in recent years, and their cumulative strength had exceeded the Gu Yue Clan. After killing their Thunder Crown Wolf and pushing back the wolf tide, the Bai clan leader had brought his elders to the vicinity of Gu Yue Village to look for opportunities.


To think they’d have such good luck! They trapped the Thunder Crown Wolf in this valley.


Many Gu worms lived on the Thunder Crown Wolf’s body, and some were even rank four. The Thunder Crown Wolf’s blood, bones, eyes, and fur were all precious refinement materials. The Gu Yue Clan naturally would not let go of them, and overwhelmed with anger, they attacked.


“Hehehe, Fang Yuan, you really came. I’ve waited for so long!”


From above him, Fang Yuan heard cold laughter.


He raised his head, only to see a white-clothed young man descending from the sky, slashing an ice blade towards his face.


