Chapter 166: Rematch vs Bai Ning Bing


His hair like snow, his eyes an icy blue, a one-armed figure in white.

Who else could it be but Bai Ning Bing?

Before the ice blade had even come close to his body, Fang Yuan could feel the chill of it assaulting him like a comet striking the earth, full of cold killing intent.

Fang Yuan’s black eyes were unshaken in the face of danger. He leaped backwards and injected primeval essence into his Sky Canopy Gu, forming white armor around his body.

Bam! The ice blade slammed in the ground, and in an instant a cluster of white icicles erupted out from it.

Swoosh!!

The sharp spears of ice stabbed up after Fang Yuan, but he easily somersaulted and avoided them.

The mountain path was narrow, so he slid down towards the valley along the edges.

“Hehehe. Fang Yuan, oh Fang Yuan, why is it that every time I see you, I feel an intense urge to kill you? Mmm, tell me!” Bai Ning Bing trembled with excitement as he laughed maniacally.

His laughter attracted the attention of the other Gu Masters in the valley.

Seeing Bai Ning Bing and Fang Yuan, their expressions were quite different.

“Lord Bai Ning Bing, let me assist you!” shouted a Bai clan Gu Master standing off to the side. He set off towards Fang Yuan.

“Clan Leader, it’s Elder Fang Yuan!” shouted one of the Gu Yue Clan’s elders.

“I know,” Gu Yue Bo replied, his face uncertain. He dodged an attack from the Bai clan leader and made a decision. “Get the materials into our possession first!”

Fang Yuan had mysteriously vanished before the wolf tide’s final attack, causing the Gu Yue higher-ups to feel suspicious of him. In addition, the intense pressure from the Bai Clan’s Gu Masters resulted in no one going to reinforce Fang Yuan.

Bai Ning Bing saw help arrive and flew into a rage, shouting at his fellow clansman, “Scram, this is my battle, don’t interfere!”

“Lord Bai Ning Bing, you lost an arm and aren’t at your best. You are the hope of our clan, you cannot be lost. Let me sweep this obstacle aside for you!” the Bai Clan Gu Master shouted as he charged at Fang Yuan.

He activated his Gu worm, causing both of his hands to glow with an orange-yellow light.

He lightly struck the ground, and the light entered the earth. Instantly, a lump of mud grew out of the ground.

It grew larger and larger as it advanced towards Fang Yuan.

Suddenly, it exploded, revealing a yellow mud arm.

This arm was gigantic, as tall as an adult, and it grabbed towards Fang Yuan with its suffocating might.

Fang Yuan snorted in disdain.

Just as the arm was about to grab him, a dark golden light suddenly shot out from his aperture. It wrapped around his body like a ribbon of light.

As the mud arm reached him, the golden light twisted around it, and the arm broke apart.

“Oh? What Gu worm is this?” Bai Ning Bing asked in shock.

The dark golden light dispersed, revealing the true form of the Gu.

It was almost two meters long and as wide as two fists. Its dark golden exoskeleton displayed its dominance, and the sharp silver teeth along the sides of its body shone with cold light.

Chainsaw Golden Centipede!

“Come!” Fang Yuan shouted, extending his right arm, his fist clenched.

The Chainsaw Golden Centipede’s countless segments coiled around his body nimbly, moving towards his right arm.

Its mouth opened and it engulfed Fang Yuan’s fist, swallowing it down till it reached halfway along his forearm.

Fang Yuan swung his arm, and the centipede’s tail slashed through the air in an arc, cutting the wind.

The golden centipede compressed its body to its limit, shrinking from nearly two meters to a meter and a half. At the same time, it withdrew its legs into its exoskeleton, leaving behind only the silver teeth on either side of its body.

At a glance, it seemed like Fang Yuan was holding a giant, hiltless, silver-edged, golden sword!

The Bai Clan Gu Master was shocked. He had never thought that the Chainsaw Golden Centipede could be used like this.

Gu Masters nurtured, refined, and used Gu. All three aspects required deep research. Fang Yuan’s method was innovative and unheard of, using his imagination to the limit.

But he did not actually invent it.

Three hundred years in the future, a talented star of the demonic path known as the Chainsaw Mad Demon would appear wielding the rank four Chainsaw Killer Centipede, one of the Chainsaw Golden Centipede’s advancement paths, and he would come up with this idea.

But in this life, Fang Yuan’s usage of it was unprecedented.

“I shall let you have a taste,” Fang Yuan smirked. He injected primeval essence into the Chainsaw Golden Centipede’s body.

Buzz buzz buzz!

The centipede’s silver teeth started to move violently, emitting a wild sound that caused the listener’s heart to shiver.

Thunderwings Gu!

Fang Yuan’s eyes shone with determination as a pair of blue lightning wings formed on his back with a crackle.

Whoosh!

The wings flapped once, and Fang Yuan shot out like lightning.

Fast! Fast! FAST!

He was so fast that the Bai Clan Gu Master’s pupils shrank. He felt the chill of death.

He shrieked as he used his strongest Gu, causing a thick yellow light to appear around his body.

The yellow light was forming into armor, but Fang Yuan was already upon him before it could fully materialize.

His black hair dancing in the wind and his eyes like lightning, he looked like a demonic god that emerged from nightmares, killing his way into the mortal realm!

He moved violently, exerting every muscle in his body, using his strength of two boars to its limit.

His sword left golden afterimages in the air. Its silver blade buzzed as it slashed at the Bai Clan Gu Master’s waist.

Crack!

The half-formed yellow light shattered under the assault of the chainsaw.

The razor-sharp teeth tore through his flesh like a hot knife through butter, and as Fang Yuan flicked his wrist, blood and gore scattered. The Gu Master’s spine snapped and his intestines were ground to a pulp.

The Bai Clan Gu Master’s upper half flew into the air, while his lower half remained on the spot.

Plop.

He stared wide-eyed at his severed lower half as he died in terror.

At this, all fighting between the two clans momentarily ceased. Everyone looked towards Fang Yuan, either in shock or anger.

The Bai Clan Gu Master he had killed was also rank three and was slightly famous.

But under Fang Yuan’s overwhelming attack, he was instantly killed.

Fang Yuan’s body was bathed in blood and bits of the Bai Clan Gu Master’s flesh. The Chainsaw Golden Centipede’s silver teeth were still buzzing fiercely, causing everyone to flinch.

“What a great Gu worm!” Bai Ning Bing shouted, his eyes full of insanity and excitement. “Fang Yuan, you indeed did not let me down! Come, battle me!” he shouted, his passion blazing like flames as he struck towards Fang Yuan.

“Noisy fucker.” Fang Yuan’s expression was cold as ice as he turned around to counterattack.

Bam!

The Chainsaw Golden Centipede and the icy sword collided. With a crack, the chainsaw teeth dug into the ice blade and shattered it to pieces, breaking through and sweeping towards Bai Ning Bing’s face.

Bai Ning Bing’s expression changed as he resolutely let go of the ice blade and retreated, putting almost two meters between them.

The Chainsaw Golden Centipede’s blade was too short to reach him. But at Fang Yuan’s will, the centipede’s compressed body suddenly stretched out to its full length.

“This?!” Bai Ning Bing was dumbstruck.

He was hit on the chest by the centipede’s tail. Even with ice muscles protecting his body, there was a huge gash on his torso.

The force of the blow sent him flying, and he crashed into a boulder behind him.

Blood splattered on the stone, but his ice muscles soon stopped the bleeding.

Bai Ning Bing coughed violently. Just as he was about to stand up, he suddenly heard a thunderous noise .

The sound was right beside his ear, and an unprecedented sense of danger entered his heart.

Bai Ning Bing’s pupils shrank. He didn’t even try to look, he just frantically rolled away.

BAM!

In the next moment, the Chainsaw Golden Centipede descended from the sky. With its imposing aura, it struck the ground where he had been a moment ago.

The chainsaw teeth screamed, and the boulder crumbled.

If that hit my body… Bai Ning Bing felt a chill go up his spine. A sense of anger filled him, stemming from his indignant nature.

Ever since his battle with Qing Shu, he had stopped suppressing his cultivation and let it rise naturally.

Even though he had lost a limb, he had fully unleashed his cultivation. But still, he was suppressed by a mere rank three initial stage Gu Master!

Indignation! Humiliation! Rage!

“DIE!” he growled. He turned his wrist and injected primeval essence into his Ice Blade Gu, a new sword forming in his hand.

Seeing Bai Ning Bing approach, Fang Yuan laughed coldly and attacked with all his might.

He had used both the Black and White Boar Gu, thus his strength was greater than Bai Ning Bing’s. The Chainsaw Golden Centipede felt as light as a stick on his arm.

Cutting, slashing, hacking, coiling, and turning. The Chainsaw Golden Centipede rotated violently, moving as agilely as a bee in Fang Yuan’s hand. At times it was heavy as an elephant, sometimes ferocious as a tiger, and other times flexible as a snake.

Most importantly, it followed Fang Yuan’s will, extending and shrinking, sometimes straight and sometimes twisting. That made it hard for Bai Ning Bing to adapt, and he could barely defend himself.

He screamed in anger as he gradually retreated, his body covered in injuries. His white battle robe had turned into beggar’s attire.

Fang Yuan moved like a black wind, his expression cool as he displayed extremely profound sword, saber, axe, and staff techniques. He fused all these skills into one, turning the Chainsaw Golden Centipede into a lethal weapon!

The strength of a Gu depended on its user.

“Good, Fang Yuan!” Bai Ning Bing shouted after yet another ice blade was shattered. He finally realized that he could not fight Fang Yuan head-on.

His body was bathed in blood, and his ice muscles were almost at their limit, but this only stoked his passion for battle.

If close range won’t do, then long range it is.

Blue Bird Ice Coffin Gu!

Bai Ning Bing put some distance between them and spat out several flying birds that flew towards Fang Yuan.

But Fang Yuan remained composed. His left arm moved and blood-red moonblades flew out, striking the icy birds and detonating them in the air.

People were normally only proficient with Gu such as the Moonblade Gu using one arm, but Fang Yuan had such rich battle experience that he had become ambidextrous.

Seeing that it hadn’t worked, Bai Ning Bing used his Icicle Gu.

He formed a barrage out of icicles and blue birds.

Fang Yuan’s only long-range method was his moonblades. Thus, he only used it to defend against the icy birds. Against the icicles, he dodged some while blocking others with his Sky Canopy Gu.

Bai Ning Bing had finally gained a slight advantage. But before he could increase it further, Fang Yuan suddenly laughed coldly. He shrugged his right hand, causing the Chainsaw Golden Centipede to detach and burrow its way into the ground.

This hidden threat was too much.

Bai Ning Bing was dumbfounded, cursing loudly as he quickly jumped back!

