Chapter 1663: Fang Yuan, You Are A Good Person


Fang Yuan walked in the merman Sacred City, he did not disguise himself, he was in Chu Ying’s appearance. But his aura was completely concealed, he was like a mortal.


On the street, people moved about fluidly, those who brushed past Fang Yuan would never imagine that a rank eight Gu Immortal was walking so closely beside them.


On the two sides of the street, there were shops and houses arranged in an orderly scale-like manner, the houses of mermen had their unique style, most had seashell or conch designs. Most were huge seashells and conchs, or modified shells of giant crabs and turtles. There were also few Gu houses that were a symbol of wealth and authority, they had great defensive properties. Other than personal estates, Gu houses used as shops were also booming with business.


As he walked, the people walking in front of Fang Yuan started to move away, they were cheering loudly.


Walking closer to take a look, Fang Yuan saw that a mermaid was receiving a jade pearl from a male Gu Master with teary eyes.


This pearl was quite rare, it was like glowing jade and had the shape of an eyeball.


This was not something valuable in the eyes of experts, as for Fang Yuan, it was a mortal material that he had no use for. But it was owned by the rank two male Gu Master, it was not easy for him to obtain this rank four Gu material jade eye pearl.


The mermaid might have noticed his feelings, she received the jade eye pearl in public as it signified her acceptance of his love.


Next, the mermaid placed the pearl into her mouth, everyone started to cheer and shout, the couple started to blush and turn red.


This action was not so simple, it meant she had accepted the young Gu Master’s proposal!


“This paradise does not discriminate between races, merman and human can freely fall in love and have children without obstruction.”




“But in the five regions, it was forbidden for merman and human to get together, not only would they be discouraged, their children would also be ostracized by both sides or even killed.”


Fang Yuan had an eerie gaze.


The Sea God Ceremony was around the corner, the entire Sacred City was oozing with a joyful and festive atmosphere.


This couple was not the first that Fang Yuan saw, they might be very simple and insignificant figures in the Sacred City, but being ordinary did not mean one could not be blissful, this beautiful moment would become a cherished memory etched in their minds.


The memories of the five hundred years of his previous life started to surface again.


A group of mermen were looking at Xie Han Mo, Fang Yuan, and the rest with an imposing aura.


“I am Investigator Wu De, there have been many reports by different clansmen that our current generation saintess Xie Han Mo has an affair with the human Gu Master Gu Yue Fang Yuan, I am here to investigate it!” The leader was a jade-scaled merman who spoke in an icy tone.


“What?”


“I dare you to say that again!”


The two guards behind Xie Han Mo were furious, they wanted to attack in anger.




Xie Han Mo had a calm expression, while Fang Yuan had a dark expression as he clenched his fists.


He helped Xie Han Mo investigate the gambling den, they found a lot of corruption evidence, the saintess’ mission had a qualitative breakthrough.


But the other party was not going to wait for the end, they schemed and spread vicious rumors, saying that the saintess was impure and had an affair with a human Gu Master.


These rumors had no evidence and were merely made up, Xie Han Mo and Fang Yuan did not care about them. But to think that the investigator from the Merman Sacred Court would actually come!


“Mobilizing the investigator without any evidence, I am afraid that Frost Tide tribe leader was not the only corrupted person, there is a higher-up involved here!” Fang Yuan transmitted to Xie Han Mo.


Xie Han Mo frowned, with slight hesitation, she spoke: “I am the saintess, you are a mere investigator, do you have the elder assembly’s token?”


The jade-scaled merman smiled, taking out an information path Gu worm.


Xie Han Mo was calm: “Just this?”


The jade-scaled merman smiled again: “This cannot allow me to investigate the Saintess, but Fang Yuan is different, he is a human Gu Master. Forget about the token, I can investigate him even without one!”


Even though Fang Yuan was a human and humans were the rulers of the five regions, Eastern Sea’s Merman Sacred Court was a super force, Fang Yuan had no background himself, the jade-scaled merman was not lying.


“Too vicious, I cannot believe that Frost Tide tribe’s leader is such a person!”


“He is afraid, he knows how amazing Fang Yuan is, he is afraid that we will find out more evidence as time passes.”


The two guards stood in front of Fang Yuan.


After this period of time, they had already acknowledged Fang Yuan.


“Wait, if both sides clash, that will be what the enemy wants to see, we will not be able to explain ourselves. I will go with them, we have a lot of progress in the gambling den, even without me, you can still win if you continue on that trail!” Fang Yuan transmitted.


“No way!”


“Fang Yuan, you are too naive, if you end up in their hands, you will live a fate worse than death.”


The two guards shook their heads.


Fang Yuan smiled: “What is there to fear? I will die at worst. You saved my life before, in that case, I will repay it now. Do not look down on their schemes, this was targeted at me on the surface, but the true goal is Saintess. Once her reputation is hit and rumors spread, her status might be affected. Sacrificing me is a small issue, but we must defend Saintess’ position, without this, how can you investigate and punish those corrupted people?”


1The two guards hesitated.


Xie Han Mo was still composed, she said to the jade-scaled merman: “Go back, I will not hand him to you.”


The jade-scaled merman was slightly stunned before he laughed: “Saintess, you want to defend this human Gu Master? Even at the cost of conflicting with us investigators?”


Xie Han Mo nodded: “Go back.”


The jade-scaled merman looked at Fang Yuan before turning to Xie Han Mo, he showed a smile as if his scheme succeeded: “Good! We are not Saintess’ match, we can only return in defeat. Hahaha!”


Saying so, he waved his hand and left with the mermen.


“Saintess, why did you do that?” Fang Yuan was anxious: “Like this, you…”


For the first time, Xie Han Mo interrupted him: “Fang Yuan, you are a good person.”


“Hmm?”


“You are not afraid of death, other than courage, the biggest reason is that life is boring right? You seem to be disappointed in this world and in your own life, there is deep fatigue hidden in your eyes. But undeniably, you are a good person.” Xie Han Mo said softly.


1Fang Yuan: “…”


Xie Han Mo continued: “And I am also a good person. How can a good person sacrifice another good person?”


Saying so, she winked at Fang Yuan.


Fang Yuan was a little dazed, this was the first time he had seen such lively expressions from Xie Han Mo, she was quite cute and cheeky.


“Then… what about the rumors?”


“Indeed, that damned investigator is going to make up stories when he returns!”


The two guards were very worried.


Xie Han Mo’s expression went back to normal, she said aloofly: “Then let them.”


…


Several days later, the Sea God Ceremony started.


The male mermen wore their shell armors, they carried long spears, javelins and blades. According to traditions, these shells and weapons were made by them personally using locally sourced materials.


The female mermen, the mermaids, wore seaweed strips of various colors on them. Pink seaweed strips were used by young unmarried girls, widows wore black seaweed strips, while noble ladies wore gold, silver, and crystal colored ones. Ordinary mermaids wore brown, dark blue, and grey seaweed strips.


This was the traditional costume of the mermen, it was quite unique.


Long long ago, before mermen learned how to use Gu worms, they lived a primitive lifestyle. Males hunted while females foraged.


At the center of Sacred City, people gathered, singing and dancing.


A large number of merman warriors were waving their spears, their armors clashed and created loud sounds.


The mermaids’ seaweed strips were like rainbow ribbons fluttering in the water, they waved in sync with the singing, experiencing no tiredness.


This moment was reserved for the mermen, all the human Gu Masters were watching outside.


The singing and dancing lasted for hours, mermen, male and female alike, continued to walk out of the area with shattered armors or fatigued bodies.


Gradually, several mermaid girls emerged, they were the contestants for this year’s saintess competition.


But what surprised Fang Yuan was that out of the nine competitors, not all of them had white scales. it seemed like in this paradise, it was not only white-scaled mermaids who could vie for the saintess position, mermaids with different scale colors could also compete.


And among everyone, mermaid Su Yi was the most dazzling one.




