Chapter 167: A Fourth One?!


“You forced my hand!” Bai Ning Bing gritted his teeth and formed an ice blade.

At the same time, he activated his Swirl Gu and Fierce Wind Gu.

The white blade storm appeared once again!

At first it was just a small gust, but very quickly it expanded, frigid winds roaring as the blizzard spread. Hard ice covered the ground, preventing the Chainsaw Golden Centipede from emerging and attacking.

This blade storm was Bai Ning Bing’s unique invention, demonstrating the talent of the Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique. Formed by using the Ice Blade Gu, Swirl Gu, and Fierce Wind Gu in tandem, it created something that could both attack and defend. Without two or more defensive Gu of the same rank, it could not be resisted.

The fierce winds roared and froze everything in their path, like a great beast awakening and opening its maw to devour Fang Yuan.

Though the storm approached, Fang Yuan showed a look of disdain.

The lightning wings on his back flapped, and in an instant he had pulled a great distance away from the storm.

Things were different now. In the past, mobility was his weakness, and he could not have outpaced the storm, but now he could easily escape.

Fang Yuan’s eyes flashed as he spun around in midair and flew towards the valley.

The ice blade storm chased him relentlessly.

“Don’t come here!”

“Fuck off!!”

Gu Masters from both clans cursed and shouted.

Fang Yuan laughed coldly, continuing his charge.

The ice blade storm gave off an overwhelming aura as it continued to chase Fang Yuan. Bai Ning Bing’s laughter could be heard from within it.

“Don’t think of going any further!” A Bai Clan Gu Master blocked Fang Yuan’s path.

Fang Yuan bent his hand like a hook, and a golden line of light erupted from the ground, and he once again held a golden sword.

Buzz buzz buzz!!

The saw teeth vibrated, causing the Bai Clan Gu Master’s eyelids to tremble.

Fang Yuan held the Chainsaw Golden Centipede in his right hand and readied the Blood Moon Gu with his left. His body was covered in faint white armor, and wings of lightning flickered at his back. His black hair streamed in the wind, and behind him there was a white storm that seemed as though it could engulf the valley.

His eyes were sharp with killing intent, his presence overwhelming, as if he was a general with seven victories under his belt leading a charge. He would trample his foes underfoot and tear them apart.

“AHHH!” The Bai Clan Gu Master felt an irresistible force pressing towards him, and he shouted to hype himself up. But though he shouted, Fang Yuan rushed onward without pause, and he suddenly stopped and ran.

He was scared!

The fear in his heart eroded his fighting spirit.

Fang Yuan ignored him, instead rushing over to the Thunder Crown Wolf that was on the verge of death.

Wherever he went, fierce winds blew and Gu Masters got out of his way.

The Thunder Crown Wolf gathered the last of its focus and turned towards Fang Yuan. Lightning gathered in its mouth. A myriad beast king’s pride refused to let it die too easily. Even if it died, it would retaliate!

Fang Yuan seemed about to collide with the beast like a meteor falling to the earth, but at the last second he suddenly jerked upward and rushed into the sky, flying out of the valley at a steep angle.

He had just cleared the cliffs when he felt an intense explosion behind him.

The Thunder Crown Wolf’s cries fused with the sound of the ice blade storm.

Bai Ning Bing’s move could be said to be his greatest masterpiece, but it also had weaknesses. It could not easily be displayed or stopped.

Of course, the reason the storm clashed with the Thunder Crown Wolf was partly due to Bai Ning Bing’s personality.

The myriad beast king was heavily suppressed by the white storm.

Its death was already certain, but now it could resist no further. Its armor was cut to pieces, blood and flesh scattering everywhere, revealing its white skeleton which was soon ground to dust.

“Damn it!” the Gu Yue clansmen cursed.

The Bai Clan Gu Masters also showed pained expressions.

Bai Ning Bing had just ensured that there would be nothing salvageable of its body.

But Bai Ning Bing didn’t care. Instead, he rotated even faster, enjoying the feeling of devastating a myriad beast king.

Gu worms turned into rays of light one after another, flying out of the Thunder Crown Wolf’s body.

These wild Gu worms had all lived on the myriad beast king, working with each other to survive. Now that the Thunder Crown Wolf was dying, they were like crewmen on a sinking ship, abandoning it and escaping for their lives.

“Catch them!”

“Quick, stop these Gu!”

Both clans shouted at once.

Everything descended into chaos once more. The elders of both clans attacked in an attempt to hinder each other. Neither of the clan leaders could break away from their own battle, and in the end, only two or three elders with movement Gu managed to fly out of the valley.

The wild Gu worms scattered. Fang Yuan focused and observed, trying to tell them apart.

What a pity my recon Gu is the Earth Communication Ear Grass, it cannot improve my vision. There is definitely a healing Gu on this Thunder Crown Wolf, but whether I can catch it or not is up to fate!

He was relying purely on luck, but he had no choice.

His wings spread and he rushed towards the closest Gu worm.

It was surrounded by blue light and trying desperately to flee.

Fang Yuan rushed up, grabbing at it.

Whoosh!

Its body emitted an intense electric current that shot towards Fang Yuan.

The Thunderwings Gu created wings of lightning, which granted great speed but little agility. Fang Yuan groaned as he endured the attack with his Sky Canopy Gu.

He could force through the attack and grab it, but he wisely chose to give up.

The ability of this Gu had been exposed: it was able to attack with electric currents. Fang Yuan wanted a healing Gu.

Fang Yuan turned and quickly approached another Gu worm.

When he got close, he saw what it looked like: seemingly formed of light blue glass, it flew in the air covered in a semicircular carapace etched with turtle shell markings.

Thunder Shield Gu!

A defensive Gu, able to form a semicircular lightning shield.

Fang Yuan gave up once again and looked to find a third target.

But at that moment, a white shadow flew out of the valley, wielding an ice blade and shouting Fang Yuan’s name.

Fang Yuan sighed, knowing that lady luck was not on his side. He could only choose the best alternative, and he reached out and grabbed at the Thunder Shield Gu.

The wild Gu created a barrier that crackled with lightning as it tried to block Fang Yuan’s hand.

Fang Yuan sneered, releasing the Spring Autumn Cicada’s aura. Suddenly, the Thunder Shield Gu played dead, dispersing its shield and falling towards the forest.

Fang Yuan grabbed it out of the air, releasing his primeval essence and instantly refining it.

Stealth Scales Gu!

Ripples formed all over his body as he vanished.

“Fang Yuan!” Bai Ning Bing shouted, his eyes shining with lightning.

It was the rank three Lightning Eye Gu, using the power of lightning to pierce through invisibility.

But it did not allow its user to see through opaque objects. Fang Yuan noticed this, and though his invisibility was useless, he could also use the forest to conceal himself. Bai Ning Bing’s gaze swept through the surroundings, but to no avail. He let out an angry growl.

Fang Yuan found a hidden spot and instantly sat down, activating his Tusita Flower and making it spit out primeval stones.

Although he was rank three, his aperture could only store 42% primeval essence, and though he had the upper hand during the previous battle, it could not be sustained. Right now, his aperture only had about 3% left.

The primeval stones shrank as he absorbed their natural essence. His primeval sea gradually rose.

Back when he was rank one or two, using primeval stones would restore his primeval essence fairly quickly. But now that he was rank three, he required more primeval stones and a longer period of time to replenish his highly-concentrated primeval essence.

The sounds of Gu Masters battling continued to reach his ears. After eight or nine minutes, Fang Yuan finished recovering his primeval essence.

He came out of his hiding spot and found that five elders had died, three from the Gu Yue Clan and two from the Bai Clan.

Each elder was an incredibly important asset to the clan. To think that so many were sacrificed.

The battle between Gu Yue Bo and the Bai clan leader was very intense. They both felt heartache from their respective losses and became more aggressive as the battle went on.

Besides them, there were three groups battling around the wild Gu worms.

Ordinary Gu Masters did not have a rank six Gu’s aura to help them capture wild Gu worms, so it was far more troublesome.

Catching them without destroying them required carefully gauging the strength of their attacks.

Eight or nine Gu had flown out of the myriad beast king’s body. It was not certain how many had been captured or escaped, but three still remained right now.

The elders of both clans surrounded the three Gu worms, attempting to intercept them while blocking the elders of the other clan. As a result, both sides were at a stalemate.

“Water Cage Gu, trap it!” a Bai Clan Gu Master shouted, spitting out a water ball.

The ball grew until it was over two meters wide, covering one of the Gu worms completely and trapping it inside.

Bam!

In the next moment, a golden moonblade flew towards the water ball cage and burst it open.

The Gu worm flew away, escaping with its life.

Seeing it fly away, the Bai Clan Gu Master cursed. To think a Gu worm that was at his mercy escaped just like that!

The Gu Yue elders were even more furious. These Gu were their spoils, but now that the Bai Clan had interfered, they couldn’t get anything.

“Bai Clan scoundrels, you shameless dogs, go to hell!”

“The Gu Yue Clan is finished. The Bai Clan will rise up and stomp you into the ground!”

Both sides were furious, full of hatred and madness. They had battled till their eyes turned red, and only fighting remained in their minds.

Fang Yuan saw the Gu worm flee, and he had no choice but to look to the other two groups. There was still a Gu worm within each of their encirclements. One of them might be a healing Gu, but it was unlikely.

Fang Yuan knew that this world was not merciful enough to grant one’s wishes, but even so, he wanted to try.

Just when he was about to rush up and attack, he heard a wolf howling like a military horn, rising and falling in rhythm.

Soon after, countless lightning wolves rushed down like a tide.

There was no lack of Bold Lightning Wolves and Frenzy Lightning Wolves, but the thing that made everyone’s expressions change was the hill-sized giant wolf that led them.

Thunder Crown Wolf!

“There’s a fourth Thunder Crown Wolf?!” the clan elders shouted, unable to keep their composure.

