Chapter 168: Lightning Bei


Wolves flooded the mountain.


The situation had taken a turn for the worse, and the Gu Masters’ expressions changed.


Although both clans had managed to resist the wolf tide, it was through dangerous and costly battles, and they were in many ways pyrrhic victories. Now that there was a new wolf tide, they had no ways left to resist it.


At once, both clans subconsciously stopped battling.


“The reports said there were three Thunder Crown Wolves, right?” a clan elder screamed in panic.


“No, this Thunder Crown Wolf is quite injured, and the size of the wolf pack isn’t very large either,” Gu Yue Bo analyzed, forcing himself to remain calm.


“Don’t tell me, is this the Thunder Crown Wolf that attacked Xiong Village?” a clan elder shouted, slapping his forehead.


This was very possible, and most likely the truth.


The elders became solemn. One of them said, “The fact that they appeared here means that the Xiong Clan has…”


“Goddamn Xiong Village, how can they be so useless? Not even able to resist the wolf tide!” someone cursed.


But some were optimistic. “Look, this Thunder Crown Wolf’s forelegs are injured, the muscles have all shrivelled!”


They followed the voice and observed, regaining some lost morale.


It was true.


This Thunder Crown Wolf’s hind legs were developed, but its forelegs had shriveled. As a result, it only used its back legs, jumping forward like a kangaroo.


“Wait, this doesn’t seem like a Thunder Crown Wolf…” The Bai Clan leader realized, and he trembled.


Lightning Bei! Fang Yuan had an answer already.


Five tigers, one biao[1]; three hounds, one ao[2]; ten wolves, one bei[3].


A bei was also a type of wolf, but it was far smarter, and usually acted as a strategist. It resembled a Thunder Crown Wolf, and so the recon Gu Masters had been understandably confused. But it was a true myriad beast king, and had intelligence no less than men!


Although it was physically inferior to an ordinary Thunder Crown Wolf, the Lightning Bei’s human intelligence made it far more dangerous. With an army of lightning wolves at its command, it was no wonder that the Xiong Clan had been wiped out.


“Go!” Fang Yuan spread his wings and flew into the sky.


These elders here had undergone long battles, and their battle strength was greatly eroded. They could not deal with the wolf packs, and more crucially, their misgivings towards each other made it hard for the two sides to work together.


Fang Yuan immediately turned to leave. A myriad beast king was no joke. Even though there were still two wild Gu worms that hadn’t escaped, he couldn’t care less.


If he didn’t leave now, he might not have the chance!


The number one criteria to roam the world was to know one’s limits and when to let go and give up.


“Retreat, the wolf tide is too much for us to deal with here!”


“Get back to the village and plan our defenses!”


Even though the elders had not realized the Lightning Bei’s identity, they all had thoughts of retreat.


But at that moment, the bei growled, opening its massive jaws.


Behind its fangs, sharp as daggers, a black lump appeared from nothing, gathering into a ball of darkness in an instant.


Pew!


The black ball shot out in an arc, smashing into the ground.


“It missed?”


“This Thunder Crown Wolf is finished, its aim sucks!”


The clan elders shouted in mockery, but Fang Yuan flew even faster.


Bam!


The ball of shadow exploded, sending a black mist out to cover the world.


It was faster than the eye could see. In a short moment, it had covered over a hundred li[4].


This is the rank four Wolf Smoke Gu! Fang Yuan thought, his heart sinking. He had made the most logical choice as quickly as he could, but the black wolf smoke spread too fast and completely enveloped him.


At once, he was standing in pitch blackness, as though it was deep in the night. The thick smoke made breathing difficult.


But thankfully, he had the Thunderwings Gu, so as long as he flew up, he could get above the smoke.


Crack!


In the next moment, a lightning bolt struck from over a hundred li away, splitting the thick black smoke like a raging dragon and assaulting Fang Yuan head-on .


The Lightning Bei attacked.


The lightning bolt was so fast that he could barely react.


But at that crucial moment, Fang Yuan’s battle instinct surpassed the speed of his thoughts.


Thunder Shield Gu!


Sky Canopy Gu!


A round lightning shield appeared in front of Fang Yuan, and white armor formed on his body.


The raging lightning seemed to fill the world with its brilliance, like a heavenly dragon roaring. It rammed into the lightning shield.


The barrier lasted less than a second before it shattered.


The lightning landed on his body. At that moment, even though he had already shut his eyes, he still saw light through his eyelids.


An intense force assaulted him, causing him to fall.


He felt his consciousness dim as the electric currents raced through him, paralyzing his muscles and almost preventing him from breathing!


With a crash, he landed on the ground.


He finally managed to regain consciousness, intense pain surging through him in waves.


He endured the pain and numbness and tried to get up.


The Thunder Shield Gu was already dead, while the Thunderwings Gu was on the verge of death; it was impossible to use for now. The Sky Canopy Gu was heavily injured as well and appeared rather dispirited.


The Lightning Bei’s attack showed the full power of a rank four Gu.


The higher the rank of a Gu worm, the greater the difference between realms.


An attack from a rank four Gu worm required at least two rank three Gu to defend against it. However, the Lightning Shield Gu died outright because it had been injured and exhausted by the previous battle.


“To think that this Lightning Bei thought so highly of me…” Fang Yuan laughed bitterly, observing his surroundings.


But there was black smoke in all directions, and Fang Yuan was unable to tell where he should go.


“Be careful, the Thunder Crown Wolf became as small as a normal lightning wolf and is hiding among the pack!” a clan elder shouted from the smoke.


At that, Fang Yuan’s pupils shrank.


The Lightning Bei was too crafty and sinister. It seemed it wanted to eliminate all the Gu Masters, and when it had attacked Fang Yuan, it showed that it did not want to let a single one of them go.


Countless wolf eyes shone in the darkness.


The sounds of their growls and the wind from their passing reached Fang Yuan’s ears.


In such a dark environment, the Gu Masters’ vision was greatly obstructed. But the wolf packs were unaffected, because they had gained excellent vision at the cost of their sense of smell.


I have to get out of here quickly. Who knows if I will encounter the Lightning Bei? Even if I don’t meet it, just being surrounded by the wolf packs with only 40% primeval essence is too dangerous!


Fang Yuan quickly deliberated, then activated his Earth Communication Ear Grass.


A dozen roots grew out of his ear, enhancing his hearing.


Countless noises flooded into it. Wolves howling, battles roaring, elders shouting, and the cries of the dying.


Too confusing!


The Earth Communication Ear Grass had a massive range, but it could not discern fine details.


Fang Yuan frowned and headed in a direction with less noise.


But quickly he encountered a pack of over a hundred wolves.


The beasts lunged out of the black smoke, as ferocious as ever.


Fang Yuan summoned the Chainsaw Golden Centipede and activated the Sky Canopy Gu.


The golden blade’s sawteeth buzzed, cutting through the black smoke and tearing through the wolves, causing a rain of blood and bone.


Fang Yuan felt like he was in a boat rowing uphill as he continued to fight.


Countless lightning wolves died under the Chainsaw Golden Centipede. But more and more came, continuing the assault.


This bei is too cunning. It directed the wolves to surround us, Fang Yuan realized after a while. Though he had been rushing in one direction for some time, he kept encountering more wolves.


He battled as he retreated. After a while, he was bathed in blood.


The pressure was too great. His surroundings were covered in darkness, and he could barely see. Wolves rushed in from all directions, and it was difficult for him to deal with them alone.


“Gu Yue Bo, what do you say?” At that moment, the Bai Clan leader’s voice came from within the dark smoke.


“Alright, let’s work together and get out of this first!” Gu Yue Bo replied.


The circumstances dictated that they join forces. Only through cooperation would they have a chance of survival.


If they fought alone, they would soon expend all their primeval essence and be turned into food, a most miserable end.


Howl!


“Fuck!”


At the next moment, a wolf howled, and there was an intense explosion. The clan leaders shouted, no longer able to organize their elders.


It seemed the Lightning Bei had appeared to do a sneak attack.


It was intelligent as a human, after all. Once it attacked, it could interfere with the clan leaders’ plans and ruin their cooperation.


Without both clan leaders to keep them in check, how could the elders of the two clans work together sincerely?


I can’t keep going like this. My primeval essence expenditure is too high, I need to borrow strength from others! After killing for a while, Fang Yuan was exhausted.


Though he possessed the strength of two boars, he felt sore all over.


His primeval essence was running dry. He was covered in injuries, as he was forced to use the Sky Canopy Gu sparingly.


The Chainsaw Golden Centipede’s sawteeth were in terrible shape. In this short period of time, it had killed over a thousand wolves, and among them were Bold Lightning Wolves as well.


A few of them had possessed defensive Gu that made them harder than steel.


The Chainsaw Golden Centipede was not invulnerable, and with its teeth dulled, its strength was greatly diminished.


Fang Yuan did not linger and continued moving.


He relied on the Earth Communication Ear Grass to analyze the situation. Once he heard a Frenzy Lightning Wolf’s footsteps, he would change directions and try to avoid them.


A Frenzy Lightning Wolf was a thousand beast king, and he could not fight it alone. If he was pulled into battle with one, he would fall into encirclement and would surely die.


“I can’t die like this!” a clan elder cried from the thick smoke, before his voice came to an end.


Countless wolves poured out of the black smoke, and many elders died in their mouths as they roared in helplessness and indignation.


I can’t hold on much longer either! Fang Yuan felt death approaching, but he was still calm. The more dangerous it was, the calmer his mind.


His heart did not waver at all. In his previous life, he had been in worse situations.


Things were still not that bad. With the two clan leaders distracting the Lightning Bei, Fang Yuan still had a chance.


Oh? The sound of fighting ahead. Fang Yuan turned towards the noise. He was at his limits, so it didn’t matter whether it was someone from the Gu Yue Clan or the Bai Clan. They would be useful either way.


“Kill! Kill! Kill!” Far away, he heard this Gu Master screaming, battling relentlessly.


Fang Yuan sprinted over, and suddenly came to a stop.


Bai Ning Bing!


* * *


[1]. Biao (彪) – a legendary tiger in Chinese mythology that has wings.


[2]. Ao (獒/獓) – a legendary dog-like (or sometimes ox-like) beast in Chinese mythology that eats people.


[3]. Bei (狈) – as mentioned before, a legendary wolf in Chinese mythology with short front legs and long hind legs, said to ride on the back of a normal wolf and have high intelligence.


[4]. 50 km


