Chapter 169: Finding a Path


Bai Ning Bing’s body was laden with injuries. He was breathing raggedly and looked like a mess.

When Fang Yuan arrived, both were stunned.

Fate was indeed a mysterious thing. Mere moments before, they were mortal enemies. But at this moment, they had to work together if they wanted to have a chance to survive.

Working together with Bai Ning Bing?

Fang Yuan’s eyes shone like the abyss. Although Bai Ning Bing is batshit crazy and has acknowledged his fate, that does not mean he has given up on living.

The will to live was a person’s most basic instinct.

The truth was that Bai Ning Bing’s intense will to live combined with his unavoidable fate of self-destruction had caused him to develop such a personality.

In this world, there were no eternal enemies. Working together with Bai Ning Bing was the best solution. But how could he ask it in a way that would convince him?

“Hehehe, Fang Yuan, to think it’s actually you!” Bai Ning Bing spoke first, laughing loudly. His tone became aggressive. “Then die together with me. You dying alongside me would be an interesting end to my life.”

Interesting? Fang Yuan had a thought. Smiling lightly, he approached Bai Ning Bing.

The surrounding lightning wolves attacked, but Fang Yuan shrugged his hand, and the centipede smashed into three lightning wolves, killing them instantly and sending them flying.

At this point, the Chainsaw Golden Centipede’s saw teeth were in ruins, and it could only be used as a blunt weapon.

“Under the pressure of these wolves, let’s have an intense life and death battle, isn’t that more fun?” Fang Yuan got closer to Bai Ning Bing, his mouth curling into a cruel smile.

Bai Ning Bing’s eyelids trembled. He did not expect Fang Yuan to be a greater maniac than him.

But this matched his mentality. If Fang Yuan had displayed a softer attitude, suggesting that they work together to escape, he would instead look down on Fang Yuan, and even feel humiliated and want to kill Fang Yuan himself.

Some people were like this. If you were kind to them, they would feel that you were easy to bully and would look down on you. Only through a strong attitude would you gain their respect.

“You really want to die? Then I’ll grant your wish!” Bai Ning Bing narrowed his eyes, emitting a dangerous aura.

Fang Yuan laughed heartily. His steps slowed as he spoke in an old and experienced tone. “Humans only live for a hundred years, it is but a fleeting dream. What is the point of a person’s life? Nothing more than being on a journey and witnessing interesting things. Although I do not want to die, I do not fear death. I am already on my right path, I have no regrets even if I die.”

These were Fang Yuan’s true feelings.

Since the dawn of time itself, who could live forever?

Even rank nine Gu Masters, or Ren Zu himself, could only live longer, but not forever. They all eventually faced destruction.

So be it if one died, what’s the big deal? Even if, in the next moment, Fang Yuan died in this wolf tide, he would have no regrets.

Because he had already worked hard for his goals. He had given it his all, and lived all according to his will!

Looking beyond life and death. Only then can one live unrestrained, only then can life have true freedom.

Bai Ning Bing’s entire body shuddered.

He kept saying he was not afraid to die, but he was still never free and at ease. Because he could not see beyond death, and was unable to let go of this life.

When a person is afraid, he becomes a slave.

Bai Ning Bing himself was just a slave to life and death.

However, this was not his fault. He was still far too young. Many things could only be understood through personal experience; only then could one gain enlightenment.

But now, Fang Yuan’s words gave him a new path, to go beyond the truth that he was struggling with.

“Witnessing interesting things…already on your path…no regrets even if you die?” Bai Ning Bing muttered, then suddenly asked, “Path, what’s a path?”

Fang Yuan laughed coldly, stepping even closer. “Everyone has their own path. I don’t have to tell you mine, and how would I know yours?”

In this world, many people could not find a path throughout their entire lives, while others walked on their path, constantly struggling, trying to find a sanctuary within the darkness.

Bai Ning Bing’s blue eyes suddenly sparkled with a blinding light.

“Path…that’s right, I must find my path!”

In this moment, the excitement in his heart was impossible for anyone else to understand.

It was like a man, bitterly pursuing a woman to no avail, yet one day he found the correct method to woo her. Or like a treasure hunter, blocked at the last puzzle for a long time, but one day he realized how to solve it. Or like a person pondering a difficult question, thinking for years without an answer, but suddenly he discovered the means to fathom it.

Bai Ning Bing had no path and couldn’t find the meaning of his life, thus he felt lost.

Fang Yuan could not solve this for him, but from the sidelines, he could give him hope, a consolation in the face of death: as long as he was on his path, even if he died, there would be no regrets. Thus, death would no longer be so frightening.

I feel that I am about to find my own path! Bai Ning Bing clenched his fists, becoming extremely excited.

He looked towards Fang Yuan and spoke, his words full of meaning. “I finally understand the difference between us. You are on your own path, but I am still trying to find mine.

“Hehehe!” He suddenly laughed, his eyes full of madness. “Fang Yuan, if you want to fight, I’m all for it. But not now! Let’s work together. I have the Lightning Eye Gu, but I can still only see thirty paces. Once we escape from here, let’s have a battle another day. Being able to work together with my mortal enemy, don’t you find that more interesting, more fun?”

“Oh? How can I trust you?”

“I’m not asking for you to trust me. You can choose to do so, or not. You can entrust your back to me, or you can strike me at any time. Hehe, it all depends on your mood!” Bai Ning Bing shrugged and smiled, showing an inborn nonchalance.

Thick smoke and the cries of wolves surrounded them.

Fang Yuan’s eyes narrowed as he considered Bai Ning Bing’s suggestion.

Convincing a person was very difficult, yet very simple. The important thing was accurately understanding their thoughts.

“Alright.” Fang Yuan stretched out his hand and caressed the Chainsaw Golden Centipede’s armor, then raised his head to look at him. “But be on guard for my sneak attack at any moment!”

“Hehehe.” Bai Ning Bing’s mouth curled into a devious smile. A gust of wind slightly dispersed the black smoke, and the empty right arm sleeve of his shirt swayed in the wind.

In the thick smoke, finding one’s way was difficult. The more narrow one’s vision, the easier it would be to get lost.

Bai Ning Bing had the Lightning Eye Gu, which gave enhanced vision up to fifty paces away. Thanks to the thick smoke, he could currently see less than thirty, but this was already much better than Fang Yuan’s normal vision.

While Bai Ning Bing had the Lightning Eye Gu, he could not grasp the broader situation.

He could only see what was nearby, and at times he had even run directly into a wolf pack and been surrounded by them.

Fang Yuan, on the other hand, had the Earth Communication Ear Grass.

The smoke reduced vision, but could not block sound from being transmitted.

The surroundings were noisy, and the Earth Communication Ear Grass could hear up to three hundred steps away, but Fang Yuan could only move according to what he heard. His vision was too narrow, and he could only see objects right in front of him. Without landmarks to use as a reference, he could not discern what direction he should choose.

Cooperation!

Bai Ning Bing’s Lightning Eye Gu together with Fang Yuan’s Earth Communication Ear Grass.

The two Gu complemented each other and made their situation easier.

“This is the southern side. If we keep going this way, we’ll reach Gu Yue Village,” Bai Ning Bing said, his eyes glowing with lightning.

“No, there’s too many wolf packs there, we have to take a roundabout route,” Fang Yuan replied, roots stretching out from his right ear.

“Hehe…then we’ll go around the southeast direction, how about that?” Bai Ning Bing licked his lips.

Fang Yuan squatted down, extending the roots into the soil and listening attentively.

During that period, Bai Ning Bing killed any wolves that rushed up.

Fang Yuan listened for a while before standing up. “There’s an opening in the southeast direction, but we have to hurry, it will close soon!”

“Let’s go then,” Bai Ning Bing said, but did not move immediately.

He was still on guard against Fang Yuan, and did not dare to show his back to him.

Fang Yuan laughed coldly; he was also cautious of Bai Ning Bing.

Eventually, the two killed their way through the packs, shoulder to shoulder, with a distance of five paces between them.

The lightning wolves howled, attempting to kill them.

But relying on the Lightning Eye Gu and Earth Communication Ear Grass, Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing could avoid strong enemies and continue to roam while finding an opportunity to break through.

The advantage of having information was unveiled here.

If they were each alone, they would fall into the wolves’ encirclement. But now that they worked together, they could seize the initiative and move about the battlefield with ease.

After they charged forward for a while, the path ahead of them suddenly became clear. Bright sunlight caused both of them to squint.

“We’re out!” Bai Ning Bing laughed loudly.

Fang Yuan looked back and saw a thick black veil behind him, as if a black pot had covered the entire mountain.

The sound of screams and explosions continued from within the smoke. Evidently, the two clan leaders were still fighting the Lightning Bei.

“To think that working with you is actually quite pleasant.” Bai Ning Bing turned towards Fang Yuan, smiling lightly.

“I feel the same way.” Fang Yuan also smiled lightly.

But in the very next moment, both of their eyes shone sharply.

Ice Blade Gu!

Chainsaw Golden Centipede!

The long ice blade cut through the air with a cold light.

The thick golden centipede attacked head on, tearing through the wind.

Bam.

Both sides collided. The ice blade cut a wound on the golden centipede’s body before it shattered.

Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing both took a step back, their eyes emitting intense killing intent.

Their short cooperation did not mean they had stopped being enemies.

Fang Yuan’s black hair danced in the wind, while Bai Ning Bing’s white shirt swayed. They had too much in common; it was precisely why they had become natural enemies.

Abyssal eyes met frozen gaze, almost creating sparks in the air.

Their killing intent slowly dispersed.

Hmph, he is but a dying man. Even without me interfering, heaven will take his life. What’s most important now isn’t Bai Ning Bing, but the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus! Once the Lightning Bei attacks Gu Yue Village, it’s most likely game over. I have to strike before that, while I have the chance… Fang Yuan analyzed, his eyes narrowing.

Bai Ning Bing’s eyes became even brighter, muttering, “Path…no regrets…that’s right, even Ren Zu had to die. Humans live and die. So as long as I can live an interesting life, what harm is there even if I die?”

His eyes seemed to glow with an intense brilliance.

“Hahaha. I’ve finally found my path, and that is to witness this world’s splendor! Fang Yuan, we will battle another day. I hope that by then, your death will bring some light to my life!”

At that, he leaped backwards continuously. After pulling apart some distance, he turned around and left.

Although he was in a miserable state, his body full of injuries, his face covered in soot, and he was missing an arm, his back was as straight as a sword. He was no longer lost.

He had found his path.

In other words, he had truly become himself!

