Chapter 1691: Exposed


Swoosh—!


Following a sharp sonic boom, Dragon Palace turned into a golden light as it moved towards the sky with an extremely fast speed.


“Where are you going!”


“Die.”


“Want to obstruct me? Not a chance!”


Several Gu Immortals battled while giving chase, each displaying their great might. Intense battles followed the trail of Dragon Palace all along the way.


Wherever it went, mounds crumbled and the sea split, the sky changed colors and countless beings met with calamity, rank six and rank seven Gu Immortals all escaped in fright.


2Only rank eight Gu Immortals had the qualifications to take part in this battle.


The battles of Duke Long, Zhang Yin, Granny Rong, Song Qi Yuan, and other rank eights did not allow rank seven Gu Immortals to interfere. Unless they were the likes of Feng Jiu Ge and Fang Yuan. But now, both Fang Yuan and Feng Jiu Ge had advanced to rank eight.


“Most of the Eastern Sea rank eight Gu Immortals are already participating in the battle, but there are a few who have yet to show themselves.” Fang Yuan was patiently observing from far behind, waiting for a perfect opportunity.


From the time he rushed over to Eastern Sea, over ten days had already gone by. Over these days, the battle between rank eight Gu Immortals was a splendid show with none willing to make concessions. Occasionally, new rank eights would join in while some would temporarily retreat.




They allied sometimes and acted against each other sometimes. As long as anyone neared Dragon Palace, they would be met with the joint attack of everyone else. Fang Yuan could not find any opportunity to make a move.


But he was extremely patient and was not in the least bit worried.


“Being able to observe the skills of these rank eight Gu Immortals from here is also an enormous gain. This information is very valuable.”


“Duke Long is truly terrifying! In this battle, he is no doubt the strongest, but because of that unknown dream path Immortal Gu in Dragon Palace, the joint attack of other rank eights, as well as being concerned about the safety of Feng Jin Huang, he has not been able to obtain Dragon Palace.”


Fang Yuan’s eyes flashed with sinister light.


Not just the rank eight Immortal Gu House Dragon Palace, Feng Jin Huang who was beside Duke Long was also his target.


This girl possessed a dream path Immortal Gu and was also Duke Long’s disciple, looking at how Duke Long protected her, her importance could be seen clearly.


But although Fang Yuan had such a scheme, he similarly did not find an opportunity to make a move against Feng Jin Huang!


“A chance, a chance… it will definitely appear.”


“Eastern Sea’s righteous path has clearly already discussed with each other. Someone retreats while another comes in, taking turns to maintain their battle strength and also retain their control of the situation. This is to be on guard against Central Continent and Heavenly Court’s reinforcements.”




“Duke Long has been fighting alone, but he is still the strongest. If there are reinforcements from Heavenly Court, this stalemate will definitely be broken.”


“Even if Heavenly Court does not send reinforcements, the four person team of Granny Rong, Zhang Yin and others won’t be able to last long.”


“Among the three sides, the righteous path is the most stable, the other two sides have the possibility of overturning this balance. But once the balance is broken, there will definitely be a chaotic battle. And this chaos will give me the chance to make a move!”


Fang Yuan was extremely clear about the situation.


But right at this time, there was a sudden explosion in front; Song Qi Yuan was struck and became lightly injured, coughing out a mouthful of blood.


Zhang Yin turned his head around and chuckled: “I have already struck you with fatal dark lightning, chase me if you are not afraid of dying.”


Song Qi Yuan’s defenses were thorough and comprehensive but after getting struck by this move, he got injured. His defensive methods were immediately torn, fatal dark lightning could not be underestimated.


Thereupon, the entire group of pursuers immediately split into two, one group ahead and one group behind.


“Fatal dark lightning is Zhang Yin’s trump card, it has a huge cost to activate, it is formless, colorless and cannot be sensed. It can be arranged in the sea or air, once touched, it will explode. What should we do?” The remaining three rank eight Gu Immortals were also of the righteous path.


“We need to give chase, it will be dangerous for Hua Cai Yun alone.”


“We don’t have time to make a detour, we can only control beast groups to charge through this lightning formation!”


The three righteous path members quickly thought of a way and released their respective ancient desolate beasts.


Song Qi Yuan waved his hand, these ancient desolate beasts’ auras immediately soared to the level of immemorial desolate beasts.


Boom boom boom!


The false immemorial desolate beasts could trigger the fatal dark lightning traps.


These ancient desolate beasts constantly died to pave a path for the three righteous path rank eights.


The three rank eights quickly moved ahead through the path.


“This is a little troublesome, let’s take a chance.” Fang Yuan was uneasy and wanted to cross the lightning formation as well.


Boom!


He was immediately struck by the fatal dark lightning, but did not dare use reverse flow protection seal and could only endure the damage forcibly.


“This dark lightning is truly troublesome, it is better to make a detour.” Fang Yuan coughed out a mouthful of blood, changing his original intention.


Boom!


He was struck again.


“Ridiculous, this fatal dark lightning actually spread out this far, its range is too wide.” Fang Yuan clenched his teeth and swallowed his blood.


Boom boom boom!


Fang Yuan continued to trigger fatal dark lightning traps, his luck path methods seemed to have no use.


After about eight minutes, Fang Yuan forcibly endured the pain as he caught up to the rank eight Gu Immortals’ battle.


“Come and face my killer move, red pestilence insignia!” Granny Rong shouted and used all her strength to shoot out a red insignia.


Hua Cai Yun snorted as she pushed forward her hands, sending out a lump of cloud.


This cloud was pitch black and was like an inverted pot, its shape was peculiar. It quickly moved and absorbed the red insignia.


Granny Rong’s expression immediately changed, she had lost control of the red pestilence insignia.


The cloud continued to move as it tossed the red pestilence insignia away.


Hua Cai Yun said proudly: “Your red pestilence insignia is useless against my pot tossing cloud! It will only be tossed away by me, I will never get hit.”


“The f*ck!” Fang Yuan cursed in his mind. By some weird coincidence, the red pestilence insignia had been tossed towards him.


3Dodge!


Fang Yuan was disguised as a sea snake and could not casually increase his speed, so he barely managed to dodge.


The red pestilence insignia flew far away and exploded, the surrounding sea area met with calamity, living beings met their end with countless sea organisms turning into mush from the intense poison.


Fang Yuan was also struck by the move, he endured the rank eight killer move and turned into a sea snake corpse, continuing his disguise.


It was not easy for Fang Yuan to stalk from behind, he was constantly hit by the splattering effects of the moves in this battle. Fortunately, he remained far behind and with the rank eight Gu Immortals all paying attention to Dragon Palace and each other, they had not discovered him.


However, this did not last long, Fang Yuan’s identity was finally exposed several days later.


It was a rank eight lone cultivator who found him, he was Yang Jun and had been chasing after Dragon Palace in his Immortal Gu House Fragrant Treasure Horse Chariot when he discovered Fang Yuan by chance.


Fang Yuan struck him and immediately escaped.


This movement finally attracted the attention of other rank eights, but Fang Yuan had left immediately. Even if Duke Long wanted to do anything, it was too late.


Central Continent, Infallible blessed land.


The radiance of the formation disappeared.


After inspecting for a while, Fairy Zi Wei nodded in satisfaction and thought: “With this formation here, who can destroy Infallible blessed land? Even if Fang Yuan came here, he would also be trapped.”


Fairy Zi Wei was confident in this formation.


A bright light suddenly descended from the sky and arrived in front of her, revealing its true form.


“Greetings to Lady Zi Wei.” It was Feng Jiu Ge. He already had rank eight cultivation now and his tone carried a trace of being on equal status with Fairy Zi Wei.


Fairy Zi Wei smiled: “Feng Jiu Ge, I called you for one matter. Dragon Palace has appeared, Lord Duke Long is chasing after it but has encountered obstruction from Eastern Sea’s rank eights. Go to Eastern Sea, reinforce Lord Duke Long, protect your daughter Feng Jin Huang, and help my Heavenly Court take Dragon Palace.”


Feng Jiu Ge was silent for a moment but rejected in the end: “Huang Er is protected by Lord Duke Long, she won’t be in any danger. But… when I advanced to rank eight, I gained an inspiration and wanted to create a new song. I want to enter the River of Time now to observe the different types of worldly affairs throughout the eras, I want to experience the journey of myriad beings’ lives.”


Fairy Zi Wei was dazed for a moment: “Alright then, guard the River of Time in place of Li Huang.”




