Chapter 1694: Contesting For Red Lotus True Inheritance


“Fang Yuan, we meet again.” Feng Jiu Ge’s voice reverberated from within the Immortal Gu House, there were deep emotions in his tone.


“It has been a long time indeed.” Fang Yuan sighed.


Years had passed, Fang Yuan met with Feng Jiu Ge again, it was like a meeting of old friends, their words had no animosity in them.


2But they were not friends after all, after that brief talk, they went silent.


1At this moment, there was only the sound of waves in the River of Time, surging forward with continuous motion.


Feng Jiu Ge still remembered the first time he met Fang Yuan, back then, he was still not an immortal, he had obtained Hu Immortal blessed land with the status of a mortal. But now, he was renowned in the world, he had rank eight cultivation level and his speed of growth was rare even in history, it was truly shocking to the world.


Feng Jiu Ge was also rank eight with brilliant battle results, his strength was no longer the same as before, he had rank eight fate armor Immortal Gu, and because of his Dao Guardian status, he was heavily supported by Heavenly Court.


Fang Yuan had once saved Feng Jiu Ge’s life, he had returned the favor as well. Because of their different identities, Feng Jiu Ge had failed in many attempts to pursue Fang Yuan. They had fought many times and gained a deep understanding of each other. Both were wary of each other, but they appreciated the other person’s capabilities and talent immensely.


1“Fang Yuan, you lost to us once, you managed to escape last time in the River of Time, to think that you would dare to come back and court death!” A voice broke the temporary silence.


The person who spoke had starry blue armor, he had a rough appearance and his body was strong, he emitted a powerful rank eight aura and was standing on Shark Flow Lever.


Fang Yuan took a look and discerned that this was a person who had participated in the battle last time.




Even though last time, he did not know who this was, he had obtained information already. This person had woken up from Heavenly Court’s immortal graveyard, he was an experienced rank eight star path expert, Xing Ye Wang.


Fang Yuan inspected Heavenly Court’s group again.


The three remaining Xunzi occupied Present and Past Pavilion, they looked at Fang Yuan with deep hatred, their eyes were spewing fire. Last time, Fang Yuan used time cutting edge and killed Xun Guo Zi, causing their revival methods to fail, only three were left now.


Rank eight Gu Immortal Qing Ye had the same status as Xing Ye Wang, he controlled Eternal Yacht with a grim expression.


Xing Ye Wang stood on Shark Flow Lever, looking at Fang Yuan with deep battle intent.


Meanwhile, Feng Jiu Ge stayed in Three Autumn Yellow Crane Platform, he had now shown up yet.


“Four time path Immortal Gu Houses, three rank eight Gu Immortals, as well as many rank seven Gu Immortals including three of the Xunzi, and this super immortal formation…” Fang Yuan evaluated their strength.


On the whole, it was not bad.


Because Heavenly Court had not sent too many people here. But thinking about it, Central Continent’s earth veins were moving, other than maintaining control, Heavenly Court placed all its attention on repairing rank nine fate Gu, a lot of manpower and resources were expended for it.


From Heavenly Court’s perspective, Fang Yuan was not their main enemy, in their overall plan, Fang Yuan was not a part of it.




Thus, Fairy Zi Wei had once offered to recruit Fang Yuan back in Lang Ya blessed land.


Heavenly Court’s goal was the entire world, the great era of dream path, and to become the ruler of the world.


This was the grandness of Heavenly Court!


Thus, Heavenly Court’s focus had always been to fully restore fate Gu!


Moreover, last time Fang Yuan escaped barely with his life. Afterwards, Fairy Zi Wei used Heavenly Court’s foundation to buy all sorts of time path materials and disrupted Fang Yuan’s growth.


He had hidden his tracks and even when the earth veins moved and countless Immortal Gu and immortal materials appeared, he did not show up.


Due to all these reasons, Heavenly Court had not increased their numbers in the River of Time.


“Of course, they might have some groups lying in ambush?” Fang Yuan smiled coldly, regardless of what they did, as long as they fought, Heavenly Court would summon them anyway.


Roar!


With a huge sound, Fang Yuan used familiar face to turn into the immemorial year monkey again.


The monkey body was huge like a mountain, it pounced towards Three Autumn Yellow Crane Platform, that was where Feng Jiu Ge was.


“Such a courageous demon, let me fight you!” Xing Ye Wang moved Shark Flow Lever as he intercepted with great speed.


Fang Yuan moved rapidly above the water, he pointed his finger as immortal killer move spring scissors flew out.


The scissors were green in color and moved agilely, even though it was huge like an elephant, it shrunk when it got in front of Shark Flow Lever.


Xing Ye Wang was a little shocked, he knew about spring scissors, but to think there was such a transformation?


The mini spring scissors flew down and became large again when it got to the shark lever of Shark Flow Lever.


Crack.


With a snip, the scissors cut and a huge shark head fell off.


Crack.


With another snip, another shark lost its head.


Xing Ye Wang was very shocked, he quickly moved Shark Flow Lever aside, he could not dare continue trying to obstruct Fang Yuan, he needed to know how to handle spring scissors.


After stopping Xing Ye Wang, Fang Yuan moved quick as the wind, arriving in front of Three Autumn Yellow Crane Platform.


Within the Immortal Gu House, Feng Jiu Ge had a plain expression as he controlled it calmly.


Three Autumn Yellow Crane Platform burst out with a dazzling light, stopping Fang Yuan’s advancement as if he had crashed into a metal wall.


Fang Yuan who was in the immemorial year monkey form laughed as he punched with his huge fists.


The huge fists landed on Three Autumn Yellow Crane Platform and caused it to shake, rubbles flew everywhere as it got pushed back.


“Fang Yuan got stronger again!”


1“That’s right, he has at least modified spring scissors and winter coat. The former can change sizes and become hard to guard against, while the latter has fused with his immemorial year monkey transformation, his monkey fur is like frost and his skin is like ice, his defenses are extremely thick.”


The three Xunzi guarded Present and Past Pavilion, they talked to each other with lingering shock.


Ever since Fang Yuan escaped pitifully last time while exposing all his trump cards, Heavenly Court had deduced all sorts of killer moves that he had. But to think that in this battle, all of their deductions were outdated, Fang Yuan’s modifications were far beyond Heavenly Court’s expectations, they were greatly caught off-guard.


Not just that, Fang Yuan had also made many deductions on the four Immortal Gu Houses. Looking at how he dealt with Shark Flow Lever and Three Autumn Yellow Crane Platform, it was evident.


Fang Yuan’s wisdom path attainment was not low, he also had the help of wisdom Gu which Heavenly Court did not manage to deduce.


Fang Yuan, who had the light of wisdom and sufficient intel, made great gains when he deduced matters regarding the four time path Immortal Gu Houses!


In the previous battle, Fang Yuan exposed his trump cards, but at the same time, Heavenly Court also expended their trump cards, Fang Yuan could learn a lot of details about them.


It was not easy for Gu Immortals to create immortal killer moves, modifications were even harder. Then what about Immortal Gu Houses?


Immortal Gu Houses were the collective body of multiple immortal killer moves.


Thus, modifying Immortal Gu Houses was even tougher.


Fang Yuan could modify immortal killer moves because he had wisdom Gu. Heavenly Court wanted to modify Immortal Gu Houses but they did not have wisdom Gu, the difficulty was even higher, thus, these four Immortal Gu Houses did not have many changes, they were also similar to before.


Fang Yuan lost last time but he gained lots of information, he could deal with these Immortal Gu Houses now. This was also why he gave up on Dragon Palace for now and chose to target the River of Time.


“The northern corner is destroyed, the Gu worms cannot be retrieved.”


“Three layers of autumn light shields have been broken, only one is left!”


“Immortal Gu Autumn Light has cracks on it…”


The Gu Immortals inside Three Autumn Yellow Crane Platform reported, they had nervous expressions.


Feng Jiu Ge was the person in charge, he still had a calm expression.


He did not attempt to fight personally, because he knew that only relying on his sound path cultivation, he could not make useful efforts in this River of Time. Only the time path Immortal Gu House could resist Fang Yuan.


Feng Jiu Ge thought to himself: “Fang Yuan can suppress two Immortal Gu Houses, but Heavenly Court still has another two. This battle has just begun!”


Fang Yuan’s barrage of attacks made him pant loudly, even though Three Autumn Yellow Crane Platform was shattered on the outside, its foundation was unaffected, it only lost a large number of mortal Gu. Those rank seven Gu Immortals inside the Immortal Gu House were trying to repair it rapidly.


After the initial burst, his attacks got softer, the Three Autumn Yellow Crane Platform got past the initial stage as Fang Yuan’s ferocious attacks started to weaken. Xing Ye Wang had already repaired Shark Flow Lever after facing spring scissors killer move, it charged over again.


At the same time, Present and Past Pavilion and Eternal Yacht came from the left and right, forming a complete web.


“Fang Yuan, I want to see how you will deal with four Immortal Gu Houses together!” Xing Ye Wang shouted loudly.


Fang Yuan looked at his encirclement as his eyes shined with bright light, he smiled and shouted loudly: “Bing Sai Chuan, are you still not going to act?”


Before he finished his words, Bing Sai Chuan appeared, standing behind Present and Past Pavilion.


“Who?!” The three Xunzi were very shocked, because Present and Past Pavilion was most specialized in investigation, they were able to detect Fang Yuan but not Bing Sai Chuan.


Bing Sai Chuan roared as he pushed with both palms, immediately, cold winds blew and frost energy surged, covering the whole of Present and Past Pavilion.


At the next moment, the entire Present and Past Pavilion became sealed in a transparent profound ice, the three Xunzi were unmoving inside, a frightened expression frozen on their faces.


On Eternal Yacht, rank eight Gu Immortal Qing Ye who had a calm expression showed a change of attitude: “This immortal killer move is… immediate time freeze! You are the time path great expert of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s era, Bing Sai Chuan!”


Bing Sai Chuan cultivated time path and was most skilled at freezing time, his time path killer moves were able to imitate the effects of ice path. He was a rank eight legend, his battle strength was at its peak, on the same level as Li Huang.


1But right now, Li Huang was deployed elsewhere, in exchange for Feng Jiu Ge who had just reached rank eight. Regardless, this was the River of Time, even if Li Huang was here, without using the time path Immortal Gu House to fight against Bing Sai Chuan, he would not be his match.


Bing Sai Chuan waited for a long time before striking with great impact! He targeted the weakest enemy, directly sealing a time path Immortal Gu House and preventing it from joining the fight again.


“Amazing!” Fang Yuan could not help but praise.


Bing Sai Chuan looked at Qing Ye: “I am Longevity Heaven’s Bing Sai Chuan, to think that someone of this generation recognized me.”


As he said that, he smiled warmly but did not act mildly, he attacked the rank eight Gu Immortal Qing Ye who was on Eternal Yacht.


Fang Yuan had the help of Bing Sai Chuan, they managed to suppress the remaining three Immortal Gu Houses that Heavenly Court possessed!


At the next moment, a fifth time path Immortal Gu House appeared.


This was a gatehouse with a simple but elegant structure, its supporting pillars were bright red in color, it was quite auspicious. There were two dazzling words written on its entrance plaque — Year End.


Rank seven time path Immortal Gu House — Year End Gatehouse!




