Chapter 17: Refining the Liquor Worm


With my C grade talent, my primeval sea fills only 44% of my aperture. Refinement consumes primeval essence much faster than I can recover it. If I want to refine Gu, I need to borrow external help, which means I need to waste primeval stones.


The weaker the Gu’s will, the weaker its resistance, and the easier it becomes for me to refine it. However, any living creature always has the will to live. To refine the Moonlight Gu, I’d need at least five primeval stones, and at most I’d need eight.


As for the Liquor Worm, I’d need at least eleven, and at the most I would need sixteen. Although the Liquor Worm was also a rank one Gu like the Moonlight Gu, it was much rarer and more difficult to refine.


In other words, even though right now Fang Yuan had seventeen primeval stones, just refining the Liquor Worm would leave him with six at best, or only one at worst.


The bright crescent moon gave off clear and pure moonlight. The moonlight was like a fairy’s gentle hand, lightly brushing the village. Along the street, the bamboo houses were like jade, standing in great numbers. The night breeze blew slowly.


Under this moonlight, Fang Yuan found his way back to the inn, which had already closed for the night. Fang Yuan banged on the door.


“I hear you! I hear you! Who is it, knocking on the door at this late hour…” the innkeeper grumbled as he opened the door, his eyes puffy from sleep.


But when he saw Fang Yuan standing at the door, all the displeasure and sleepiness vanished from his face. He bowed and said with a flattering smile, “Ah, it’s his young lordship. It is my honor to serve.”


Fang Yuan nodded his head, his expression cold with indifference, and walked into the inn.


His expression made the innkeeper laugh in a more humble manner, and he took the initiative to ask, “My lord, are you hungry? Would you like me to notify the kitchens and make something for your supper?”


“No need,” Fang Yuan shook his head and only ordered, “Go and prepare some hot water for me, I would like to wash myself.”


“Yes!” the innkeeper immediately nodded. “My lord, go on to your room first. I guarantee you, the hot water will be sent over immediately.”


Fang Yuan let out a noise of approval and went up the stairs, heading towards the second floor. The innkeeper watched Fang Yuan’s back, his eyes glittering in the light, revealing an expression of jealousy.


“This is a Gu Master, oh, if only I had the talent to cultivate, how good that would be!” He shook his fists, sighing deeply. These words floated into Fang Yuan’s ears, and he smiled bitterly in his heart.


A Gu Master had the power to transcend mortals, becoming a man above men, but in this process the price that had to be paid was also very high.


The first difficulty was financial resources. A Gu Master needed primeval stones to cultivate, to fight, to refine Gu, and even to trade.


Without primeval stones, how would cultivation be possible?


An ordinary mortal watching from the sidelines like the innkeeper would not understand.


Earlier in the evening, the young Gu Master Jiang Ya had vented his anger and displeasure on the hunters and smashed their wine jar. His meaning was, he himself could not bear to spend primeval stones to drink this green bamboo wine, yet these hunters who were just ordinary men actually had such money to spare!


Just this one moment alone revealed a lot about the life of a Gu Master. Their strength was great, they achieved more than a common mortal, but the price was also great. Many a time they would have to carefully consider the use of every single primeval stone, especially when it came to lower ranked Gu Masters. Do not be fooled by the glorious surface; in reality, the life of a Gu Master was constantly constrained by money.


Not to mention, as the realm of a Gu Master increases, the resources they require also increase. Without proper backing, it is very difficult to cultivate. Fang Yuan thought of his previous life and had a deep understanding of this reality.


He returned to his room. Just after he lit the lamp, the innkeeper came up with a basin of hot water. Of course, there were cloth towels and other toiletries.


Fang Yuan let the innkeeper leave and closed the door. He put down the door latch, washed himself, and sat cross-legged on his bed.


Although his body was feeling a little tired, his heart still flared with a surge of excitement. I finally got my hands on the Liquor Worm. It is more valuable than the Moonlight Gu, because in a sense, it is a Gu that increases a Gu Master’s talent!


Fang Yuan took out the Liquor Worm, which was still sleeping soundly. It was slightly larger than the Moonlight Gu, soft and white like a silkworm.


Under the lamplight its body was shrouded in a faint glow, like that of nacre. Two little eyes resembling black sesame seeds were mounted on its chubby white head, making it appear charmingly naive.


Placed in his hand, it was not heavy, about half a chicken egg. Its body gave off a faint scent of wine. This was not from the wine it had drunk earlier, but was the Liquor Worm’s own fragrance. The smell was faint and misty, almost as if it were not there at all. Fang Yuan’s nose twitched as he inhaled the fragrance of the Liquor Worm.


The wine fragrance moved straight downwards into his aperture, entering the green copper primeval sea. The primeval sea surged and rippled for a moment, quickly absorbing the faint mist. A gleam of pure and refined primeval essence was produced.


The other primeval essence had a bright, jade green color, shining with a metallic copper luster. However, this primeval essence was darker, a pale green, noticeably more condensed. This was the primeval essence that a rank one middle stage Gu Master could produce.


Observing this gleam of pale green primeval essence in his green copper sea, Fang Yuan revealed a satisfied smile. Right now my cultivation is just rank one initial stage. But with the Liquor Worm’s condensing, I will be able to have rank one middle stage primeval essence. The beauty of this cannot be described in one or two sentences.


After a moment, his smile vanished. However, right now I have yet to fully master the Liquor Worm. It is only when I refine it and turn it into my vital Gu that I can freely use it.


He no longer hesitated and drew out a jet of green copper primeval essence from his primeval sea. The primeval essence coiled around the Liquor Worm, trapping it in the air before Fang Yuan, and started to invade its body.


The Liquor Worm felt that its life was in danger and woke up immediately. It began to struggle violently, using its own power to drive out Fang Yuan’s primeval essence.


This Liquor Worm’s will is strong. Fang Yuan’s complexion turned grave as he felt his primeval essence depleting more than twice as quickly as when he tried refining the Moonlight Gu.


No matter what, I have to refine it. His eyes flashed with determination as he continued pouring primeval essence into the Liquor Worm.


In the room, the candles on the table quietly burned, brightly illuminating the middle of the room while the far corners were cast in shadow. The candlelight flickered on Fang Yuan’s face, but he had already closed his eyes, gathering all his focus onto the Liquor Worm.


A continuous jet of green-copper primeval essence poured out of Fang Yuan’s body, gathering together and coiling around the Liquor Worm. The Liquor Worm hovered in the air, less than a foot away from Fang Yuan’s face. It struggled with all its might in the midst of the green copper primeval essence.


Time slipped away quietly.


The candles became smaller and the light grew dimmer. The moon outside the window slowly set, and then a new day arrived.


The morning light squeezed through the narrow crack in the window and shone into the room. It was like the window’s border was made of light.


Fang Yuan opened his eyes and looked at the Liquor Worm in front of him. The Liquor Worm’s white body had a hint of green. This was the result of Fang Yuan’s effort after half a night. However, it was clear that this green did not cover even 1% of its body.


Fang Yuan’s face looked grave. This Liquor Worm’s will was far too tenacious, and its resistance was incredibly strong; simply put, this was beyond a rank one Gu’s limit.


This Gu was likely the Flower Wine Monk’s vital Gu. The Flower Wine Monk was a rank five Gu Master, so this Liquor Worm was originally rank five, but because it starved for so long, it devolved. Right now it is merely rank one, but its will is still tough as a rock!


Fang Yuan had guessed the truth.


This Liquor Worm was originally the Flower Wine Monk’s vital Gu. Its original will had been wiped clean and refined, and it had accompanied the Flower Wine Monk throughout all his battles.


After the Flower Wine Monk died, his strong will persisted in the Liquor Worm. Right now, with Fang Yuan trying to refine it, it actually meant fighting against the Flower Wine Monk’s will.


This was far more difficult than trying to refine a natural Gu.


A human’s will was generally stronger than a natural Gu’s. When facing death, humans were able to produce strength that even they themselves could not imagine. Not to mention that the Flower Wine Monk was a master of the demonic path. He traveled alone, relying only on himself, and his will was more tenacious than those of similar strength from the righteous path.


To refine this Liquor Worm in a month is impossible, unless there is a strong Gu Master who can use a rank two or rank three Gu’s aura to suppress it. With this kind of help, I would be able to do twice as much with half the effort. As he pondered, Fang Yuan could not help but sigh.


His parents had died, while his aunt and uncle were plotting against him. He did not have any backing, so where could he possibly find external aid?


If he had A grade talent there might still be a chance, but he was only a C grade talent. The clan was not optimistic about his prospects, so who would be willing to come and help him?


More crucially, he could not expose the existence of the Liquor Worm.


There were no Liquor Worms available in Gu Yue Village, and Fang Yuan was not able to explain its origins. If it was exposed, there was a high chance that the top brass would find out and link it to the Flower Wine Monk. It was too easy to connect them.


Seventeen primeval stones will not be enough. I’d need at least thirty! But no matter how hard it is, I still want to refine this Liquor Worm. Fang Yuan’s own will was like steel, and he was already determined.


The importance of one’s vital Gu could not be understated. It would greatly influence the direction of a Gu Master’s cultivation. Although the Liquor Worm was not the absolute best choice for a vital Gu, it was still much better than the Moonlight Gu. It was also the best option in Fang Yuan’s present situation.


Growl…


At that moment, Fang Yuan’s stomach let out a cry of protest.


After a whole night without sleep and putting full effort into refining the Liquor Worm, Fang Yuan was naturally hungry.


I guess I’ll go and fill my stomach first and think of a way to accumulate primeval stones. Fang Yuan rubbed his belly and went downstairs. He went to the dining hall and picked a seat at the corner, ordering breakfast.


Just as he was beginning to eat, his younger brother Fang Zheng appeared.


“Big Brother, why are you staying at the inn, why didn’t you go back home and sleep last night?” his little brother demanded.


