Chapter 170: Can the Blood of Incorruptible Justice Be Cold?


Fang Yuan watched Bai Ning Bing’s figure recede into the distance.

“Witness this world’s brilliance…” A hint of solemnity passed through his black eyes. This Bai Ning Bing who was no longer lost was more dangerous than before.

Life and death no longer bothered him, and the closer he was to death, the more he would display the incomparable grace of the Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique.

“However, wanting to fight me later, heh,” Fang Yuan suddenly chuckled. “You are bound to be disappointed…”

The instant he had left that thick smoke, Fang Yuan had decided to leave Qing Mao Mountain.

It would be interesting to fight with Bai Ning Bing, but it was of no benefit to him.

Bai Ning Bing had defined brilliance as a clash between himself and Fang Yuan. That was because he was young, and his view of the world was limited to Qing Mao Mountain.

Fang Yuan, however, was different.

In his grand plan since his rebirth, Qing Mao Mountain was only a starting point.

A heart that possessed great ambitions was broad-minded, not constrained by trivial details.

It’s time to leave. The Lightning Bei is more cunning and more difficult to handle than a Thunder Crown Wolf. With just the Bai Clan or Gu Yue Clan’s current strength, it will be difficult to withstand its attacks. Unless a rank five expert appears and turns the tide, or maybe if the two clans ally.

The two clans bore deep grudges against each other; they would ally if the situation came to that point, but the alliance wouldn’t be sincere.

Fang Yuan wasn’t optimistic about their prospects.

Qing Mao Mountain’s state will be determined by this battle. If the two clan leaders are both killed by the Lightning Bei, it will become the territory of the lightning wolves. If one clan leader survives, the other clan will only become cannon fodder. If the Lightning Bei is killed, the two clans will definitely have to recuperate due to the severe casualties. The clan will tidy up its internal affairs and I will be investigated.

Fang Yuan could clearly evaluate these possibilities.

This was the world of Gu. An individual’s strength could surpass that of a group’s. The higher one’s cultivation, the more power they had to turn the tide.

Whether it was the Bai Clan or the Gu Yue Clan or the lightning wolves, as long as another rank four expert appeared among any of them, the outcome would be a foregone conclusion.

However, no matter the outcome, they were all disadvantageous to Fang Yuan.

It is time to leave. Although I still lack an ideal healing Gu, how can you get everything you wish for? After returning to the village, I will take the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus and then take out a healing Gu from the clan storage before leaving immediately!

Fang Yuan took one last look behind him; the sound of battle still came from within the black smoke.

He turned around and left, rushing towards Gu Yue Village.

With his status as an elder, he could force his way into the clan storage and take out primeval stones as well as Gu worms.

Things were in chaos and people were frightened; it was the best time to take advantage of the situation.

If he let this chance go, then no matter the outcome of the battle, the general situation would be decided. It would be difficult to seize any advantages.

His Thunderwings Gu couldn’t be used for the moment, so Fang Yuan could only sprint through the forest.

The wolf tide had ravaged everything in its path, making the once dangerous pathways peaceful and safe.

Soon, Fang Yuan was able to see Gu Yue Village on the horizon.

“Hmm? Who are you!?” Fang Yuan swiftly stopped; two strangers had appeared in front of him.

They both wore the clothing of a Gu Master. One was an elderly man. He was tall and his back was ramrod straight, and he gave off a sense of being as steady as a mountain and as profound as a deep pool. The most eye-catching part was the copper mask that he wore on his face. It was of a plain design and seemed very old. There were three openings to show the wearer’s eyes and mouth.

His eyes showed the vicissitudes of life and contained a grand and righteous aura. His lips were pursed up, the contour in between as sharp as a blade, hinting at this man’s firm willpower.

The mask didn’t cover his ears, exposing his graying temple hair and revealing that this man was somewhat elderly.

The older man’s companion was a youth, their eyebrows straight as swords above eyes that were bright and shining, bearing a sharp gaze resembling that of an eagle or a tiger.

By their appearance, they should have been of a similar age as Fang Yuan. However, their belt had a silver plate on it, engraved with the number “3”.

So young and already a rank three Gu Master, it showed amazing talent in cultivation!

This was a young genius!

Though young, the youth’s dark complexion, similarly pursed lips, and sharp, professional aura showed that they were not to be underestimated. And the slight bulge in their chest and the structure of their limbs and throat allowed Fang Yuan to identify her as a girl.

However, Fang Yuan’s gaze only paused a moment on her, before turning towards the senior.

Fang Yuan would never underestimate someone because they were a woman, but though the girl had a heroic aura, the identity of the middle-aged man beside her would shock anyone.

Tie Xue Leng… Fang Yuan’s mind jolted as he recalled the identity of this man.

The square amethyst plate on his belt was engraved with the number “5”.

He was a rank five Gu Master, a famed enforcer of the law, a great detective, and the number one investigator of the Southern Border. The Divine Investigator, Tie Xue Leng!

He was impartial and merciless in upholding justice. Many demonic path cultivators had been arrested by him, and many vile characters beheaded. He was the very model of the righteous path, and had made a very high reputation for himself by solving countless cases as he traveled throughout the Southern Border.

“Little Brother, please wait,” Tie Xue Leng said, cupping his fist to Fang Yuan.

He had long been famous and was also a rank five Gu Master, but his attitude was polite and amiable.

“Seeing your injuries and hurried appearance, did your esteemed clan leader and elders encounter trouble?” he asked.

Fang Yuan’s expression changed, becoming filled with anxiety and astonishment mixed with doubt and fear. “Who are you guys? How do you know this? Yes, we were chasing after a Thunder Crown Wolf, but we ran into trouble and encountered a Lightning Bei. I am hurrying back to request reinforcements.”

“I am Tie Xue Leng, I am an ally, not your enemy. I just came from Gu Yue Village. Little Brother, you don’t need to return for reinforcements. The beast tide concerns all humans, and we need to join hands to face it. This old man shall contribute all he can,” Tie Xue Leng said without hesitation.

•••

“Damn it, to think that I will die here today!”

“Hmph, even if we die, we can’t let this Lightning Bei get off so easily.”

The two clan leaders were covered in injuries and had almost exhausted their primeval essence. At that moment, they could sense the grim aura of death.

The thick smoke had already dispersed. All the elders had died, and only these two clan leaders were left.

The Lightning Bei hadn’t fared well either. It was covered in wounds, some so deep that bones could be seen. It bared its teeth and retreated behind the wolf packs, its eyes flashing slyly.

“Come, you coward!” the Bai clan leader furiously roared.

However, the Lightning Bei kept on retreating and then let out a howl, commanding the ordinary lightning wolves to charge towards these two rank four Gu Masters.

“Cunning bastard…” The two clan leaders looked at each other and sighed.

They were prepared to give their all to take the Lightning Bei with them as they died, but the beast had wisdom on par with humans and wasn’t fooled.

“My life is over…”

“Damn it, are we going to die in the mouths of these ordinary wolves?!”

Just when the two clan leaders had last all hope, a voice suddenly echoed in the distance. “Clan Leaders, hang in there just a little longer!”

The voice spread through the mountain forest. Their bodies jolted and they immediately turned to look, spying a tall figure rushing towards them.

The figure repeatedly flashed as it freely moved through the wolf packs. After a few moments, he stood before them.

“And you are?” the two clan leaders asked at the same time.

“My name is Tie Xue Leng.”

Gasp…

The Bai clan leader drew in a long breath in shock. He was surprised, joyous, and also puzzled; why was Tie Xue Leng here?

Gu Yue Bo, on the other hand, was aware of the reason. He joyfully said, “So you are Divine Investigator Tie!”

At that moment, the wolf packs charged in.

“A bunch of foul creatures!” Tie Xue Leng’s tongue seemed to burst with thunder, and with a low shout he activated a Gu in his aperture.

BOOM!

A formless aura suddenly erupted, engulfing everything.

It was like a mountain, indomitable and unshakeable; it was like heaven itself, overlooking the world and seeing through everything.

Righteous Gu!

Only a Gu Master who had a righteous heart could use it.

It emitted a righteous aura that could weaken vile creatures, and the lower the willpower of his enemies, the greater the weakening effect.

Tie Xue Leng had once used this Gu to make a rank four Gu Master lose his will to fight and surrender outright. This was the supreme art of subduing the enemy without fighting.

Howl…

The lightning wolves’ momentum stopped. Their limbs were trembling under the pressure of this aura, and they didn’t dare to move forward.

Howl!

The Lightning Bei gave out a battle cry from the back, trying to command the lightning wolf packs.

“Such nerve!” Tie Xue Leng glared and suddenly stretched out his right hand, making a grabbing motion towards the Lightning Bei.

Rumble…

Ripples spread in the sky, and an enormous black iron hand tore through the air and grabbed towards the Lightning Bei.

Rank five Iron Hand Gu!

The Lightning Bei was cunning, but it lacked bravery. In addition, its body was riddled with wounds, so it didn’t dare to resist this move head-on, and instead quickly dodged.

However, this black iron hand had firmly locked onto the Lightning Bei, and it kept on chasing.

The Lightning Bei wasn’t able to escape, and its vicious nature was stimulated; it gave a loud roar and fiercely collided against the black iron hand.

The enormous hand shattered, but the Lightning Bei received serious injuries. Almost all of its bones were on the verge of shattering.

It let out miserable whimpers, but didn’t dare to fight Tie Xue Leng again. Finally, it resentfully looked at Tie Xue Leng and the two clan leaders, before it tucked its tail between its legs and ran away.

“It is about to escape!”

“Quick, stop it!!”

The two clan leaders shouted, but Tie Xue Leng remained still.

“Divine Investigator, please finish it,” Gu Yue Bo cupped his hands and implored.

Tie Xue Leng slightly shook his head.

At that moment, Fang Yuan and the young girl finally arrived. They had seen how the Lightning Bei had been forced away by the iron hand.

“Father! Why did you do that? You are injured!” The young girl quickly approached Tie Xue Leng and stamped her feet in anger, her reproachful tone full of concern.

“Ruo Nan, this Lightning Bei is very cunning. Chasing it away by force is the best way to deal with it,” Tie Xue Leng said, when suddenly his body slightly trembled.

Puff! He spurted out blood from his mouth.

There was a strange, gloomy greenish color to it, and as it fell to the ground, it immediately corroded a patch of grass, releasing an unpleasant smoke.

Clearly, he was suffering from serious injuries.

“Father, are you okay?!” The young girl, Tie Ruo Nan, quickly lifted her hands and tried healing him.

“No need to make a fuss about it, you know of my injuries. I will feel a lot better after letting out some blood,” Tie Xue Leng laughed and waved his hands, refusing the treatment.

At this, the two clan leaders, who had been feeling resentment a moment before, immediately felt embarrassed.

“Divine Investigator, you are selfless, you helped us even though you are suffering from serious injuries. We will deeply remember this favor.”

“I have heard of Tie Xue Leng’s great name, and today I can see that it is fully justified and worthy of admiration! We thank you for saving us!”

The two clan leaders cupped their fists one after another and expressed their thanks.

“Lord Divine Investigator, please honor my Bai Village with your presence. I will do my best to repay you!” the Bai clan leader said.

How could Gu Yue Bo just watch as Bai Village tried to take Tie Xue Leng away?

He knew why Tie Xue Leng was here, and gave a proud smile. “I know that Lord Divine Investigator is here due to Jia Fu’s request and has come to investigate that murder case. Our Gu Yue Clan will do our best to cooperate!”

The Bai clan leader’s expression changed when he heard this.

Tie Xue Leng replied, “It is so. However, the one in charge of this investigation won’t be me, but my daughter, Tie Ruo Nan.”

“Eh?” Immediately, everyone present turned to look at the young girl.

