Chapter 171: A Born Demon


“What? Father, you want me to solve the case?” the girl asked, pointing to herself in shock.


“Why not? Are you unwilling?” Tie Xue Leng smiled gently.


“No, no, of course I’m willing!” Tie Ruo Nan finally reacted, jumping in joy.


Tie Xue Leng nodded and sighed, then spoke in a complex tone. “You aspire to walk the same path as me. In the past few years, as we’ve traveled together, you have learned much from my influence. But an eagle can only learn to fly by itself, only then can it truly grow up. Your father is already old, and my injuries cannot be cured. I cannot be your mentor forever. What happens next is up to you.”


“Father…don’t give up yet, isn’t there still hope for treatment?” Her voice trembled as she choked back tears.


“You and I both know that the chances are infinitely slim. People have to learn to face the facts, Ruo Nan.” Tie Xue Leng laughed, then turned towards Gu Yue Bo. “Don’t worry, Gu Yue Clan Leader, this daughter of mine has learned at least eighty percent of my techniques. With my guidance along the way, she will not let your clan suffer any injustice.”


“Of course, of course.” Gu Yue Bo quickly cupped his fist. “Young heroines are no worse than heroes. With such an elegant disposition, and being the child of a hero, there is no reason for me to worry. Please, come to the village and let us treat you to a feast.”


•••


The dishes filled the table to bursting, and their fragrance overwhelmed the surroundings. Clear wine was poured out of a wine jar straight into Tie Xue Leng’s cup.


The wolf tide had just ended, and Gu Yue Village was at its lowest point. They had consumed so many resources that there was a food shortage and a lack of commodities. Many mortals would starve to death.


But even so, to welcome Tie Xue Leng, the Gu Yue Clan still assembled this banquet.


As the clan leader, Gu Yue Bo sat at the clan head’s seat, with Tie Xue Leng and Tie Ruo Nan on either side.


Other than them, Chi Zhong, Ge Yan, Mo Chen, Yao Ji, Fang Yuan, and the other elders were present.


Before the wolf tide, the Gu Yue Clan had dozens of elders. But now, only one table remained, and there were less than ten of them.


Moreover, the clan elders present were all injured to varying degrees.


Especially Mo Chen. Two weeks ago, when he resisted the wolf tide, he’d been heavily injured, and had been hiding in a secret room since then to recuperate. He was resting in bed, but when he heard about the arrival of Tie Xue Leng, he’d forced himself to stand and attend this banquet.


But his injury also let him escape a worse fate. His old rival Chi Lian had been one of the elders who went with the clan leader to finish off the Thunder Crown Wolf, and he was killed by the Lightning Bei.


“If not for Brother Tie’s help today, I might’ve become the Lightning Bei’s lunch. To you, Brother Tie!” Gu Yue Bo stood up, holding his wine cup with both hands and bowed slightly, sincerely offering his gratitude.


“I was only doing what I could.” Tie Xue Leng raised his cup and took a sip of the wine. He had a vigilant and strict lifestyle, refusing to go gambling and whoring, nor did he drink excessively. Thus, he had never been drunk.


After the toast, Gu Yue Bo looked at the other people at the table and his eyes turned red. He sighed and sat back down.


Tie Xue Leng had seen such situations many times, and he consoled him. “Gu Yue Clan Leader, my condolences. As long as your clansmen still exist, the village will definitely thrive again one day. The Lightning Bei was heavily injured as well, and the lightning wolves have been greatly weakened. They will not attack for the next few years. The wolf tide has passed.”


The worst of it was indeed over. For the next few months, lightning wolves might still appear, but in fewer and fewer numbers, and never in large groups. The wolves no longer had the ability to assault the village.


The Lightning Bei would return to its den and recuperate there while slowly organizing the remaining wolves. Countless wolves had died, drastically reducing the pack’s need for food.


The natural order would stabilize for a time. But in the next few years, they would gradually grow stronger, and new hundred, thousand, and myriad beast kings would appear.


At their peak, they weakened, and at their weakest, they prospered.


Both men and beasts followed such a law.


But although Tie Xue Leng’s words were correct, humans were not grass or trees, they had feelings. Gu Yue Bo understood his meaning, but the misery and pain in his heart was unavoidable.


The sacrifice was far too great…


More than half of the elders had died. As for rank one and two Gu Masters, they had suffered even worse casualties. The clan’s strength had fallen to rock bottom, and they could no longer endure any more disasters.


“Why do you not go and attack their den directly?” Tie Ruo Nan asked in confusion from the side.


“Inside the wolf den are dozens of groups of lightning insects, totalling more than a million. And among them are countless wild Gu. It is a difficult fortress to assault, unless all three clans work together,” Yao Ji explained.


Then she suddenly snorted and stared at Fang Yuan. “But that’s not likely to happen. Even within our clan, there are elders shrinking in fear. God only knows where they were hiding during the wolf tide!”


At that, all the other elders looked at Fang Yuan.


Fang Yuan had been exploring the Flower Wine Monk’s inheritance in the rock crack secret cave, causing him to miss the final battle of the wolf tide. To everyone else, it looked as though he had avoided his responsibilities through some scheme, showing fear and cowardice.


Thus, their expressions were full of unhappiness, disdain, and veiled anger.


Even Gu Yue Bo’s expression was looking ugly.


As the clan leader, he was the person who was most disgusted by this behavior. He couldn’t feel safe with people like that around, people who went off on their own, acted in mysterious ways, and always had their own little schemes.


The atmosphere at the banquet immediately transformed.


The two guests also felt this change, following everyone’s eyes and looking towards Fang Yuan.


His young appearance had attracted the attention of Tie Ruo Nan, who was the same age.


Fang Yuan drank his wine calmly. Even though everyone’s gaze was on him, he acted as if he felt nothing.


His expression was indifferent, as he already had anticipated such a situation.


Things are getting troublesome, he sighed in his heart. Although worried, he was not frightened.


Tie Xue Leng’s appearance had destroyed his plans to leave. If he took the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus and destroyed the foundation of Gu Yue Village, the Tie father and daughter would arrest him.


The title of Divine Investigator was not a myth. With his abilities and strength, as long as Tie Xue Leng gave chase, there was no chance that he would fail.


Even if he did not take the Treasure Lotus, his mysterious disappearance would cause the clan to investigate. And as it involved Jia Jin Sheng’s death, the investigators would get involved.


If he left without notice, in their eyes it would be like a thief trying to flee from his crimes.


Left with no choice, Fang Yuan could only stay and observe the situation.


Although everyone was reprimanding him, the situation was still not at its worst. If he fled, it would be a panicky move, and things would become much worse.


“Is the wine nice?” Yao Ji laughed sinisterly, staring at Fang Yuan. “Aren’t you going to explain?”


Fang Yuan slowly put down his cup and raised his head, looking at Yao Ji’s broken arm.


The old were the most cunning, without a doubt.


To preserve her life, Yao Ji broke her own arm and used the injury as an excuse to avoid going into battle on the final day.


This had happened in Fang Yuan’s previous life, but to think she did it again this time.


Her act of sacrificing a limb was indeed effective. She had avoided being killed by the Thunder Crown Wolf or participating in the ill-fated chase as it fled, thus keeping herself alive. The reason she was currently finding problems with Fang Yuan was in part because of old grudges, but mostly because she wanted to reduce the amount of attention on herself.


“What do you want me to explain? How you broke your own arm just to preserve your miserable life?” Fang Yuan sneered.


“WHAT?!” Yao Ji stood up from her seat in shock and rage.


She stared with both eyes wide open, pointing at Fang Yuan’s nose, shrieking, “You little rascal! How dare you accuse me like this? This is blatant defamation, slander!! How can you be so shameless? How could our Gu Yue Clan produce someone like you?”


“Gu Yue Yao Ji!” Gu Yue Bo’s expression changed as he roared, “Sit down at once! We have an important guest here, how can you raise your voice like this?”


Yao Ji wanted to continue, but on seeing Gu Yue Bo’s dim expression, she could only swallow her words.


She glared at Fang Yuan and sat down reluctantly.


Gu Yue Bo then turned to look at Fang Yuan. “Elder Fang Yuan, I do need an explanation. During the wolf tide’s final attack, where were you?”


Fang Yuan…he’s Fang Yuan? Tie Xue Leng’s eyes shone with surprise. Before coming to the Gu Yue Clan, Tie Xue Leng had spoken with Jia Fu and learned the details of the case, and he knew that Fang Yuan had played an important role in the mystery of Jia Jin Sheng’s disappearance. But to think that this young elder was Fang Yuan himself. At once, Tie Xue Leng became interested.


He had solved countless cases and could use the tiniest clues and traces of evidence to guess the truth. From observing everyone present, he could guess that Fang Yuan had suddenly avoided going into battle.


But that was only the truth that everyone was aware of. What was the truth that lay deeper?


Regardless of what it was, Fang Yuan’s answer would reveal a fragment of his inner thoughts. That would be very helpful for solving the case.


Sensing Tie Xue Leng’s attention on him, Fang Yuan’s heart tightened, but his expression remained the same.


He looked at everyone calmly, and a mocking smile appeared on his face. “There’s not much to explain. Since the clan leader asked, I’ll just say it outright. I was extremely frightened. Stress accumulated during the extensive weeks of battle, and my fear of death reached its limit. I could not endure it. I was cowardly and weak, I hid in a corner and dared not venture out.”


Everyone was dumbfounded.


They had expected Fang Yuan to come up with all sorts of excuses, and they were prepared to expose his lies and criticize him. But to think he directly admitted it!


Any kind of lie will have loopholes. Furthermore, with Tie Xue Leng here… Fang Yuan’s expression remained calm as he stared at the wine in his cup.


Tie Xue Leng’s expression turned strange. He subconsciously frowned, and a sense of loathing rose in his heart.


This young man is a born demon!


