Chapter 1719: Death in Formation


“This call of the ancient should be quite similar to support of the future. It is not truly bringing over Gu Immortals from the past or future, it contains profundity similar to future self, it summons certain individuals from the River of Time when they are at a particular state!”


“Precisely so, these Northern Plains Gu Immortals are all at their peak condition, they have all their immortal essence and Immortal Gu.”


“To unravel this move, the method should be similar to how I dealt with ‘support of the future’ back then, you have to interrupt the person using the killer move! Right now, if we can cripple Calamity Luck Altar and accumulate enough damage, we should be able to stop this ‘call of the ancient’ killer move.”


Duke Long was about to break his teeth from gritting, his deduction was not wrong. Unfortunately, he was restrained by the rank nine killer move, he could not communicate with anyone using any method.


“Wow, such a beautiful sight!” Another person walked out of the River of Time, he had a jade-like face, he was elegant and gentlemanly.


The life-and-death battle here was intense, it intoxicated him. He breathed in deeply as he spread his arms, sighing: “It seems that this is the stage for me, Dong Fang Yu!”


“Hmph, Northern Plains brutes will be brutes, why are you pretending to be a gentleman, fight me!” A Heavenly Court Gu Immortal who had just retrieved his Immortal Gu looked at Dong Fang Yu with a look of disdain, he charged over.


He had the appearance of a little boy, he had black hair with a cowlick on top, together with his round and cute face, his head resembled a peach, it was extremely appealing.


1But the aura around him was overwhelming, it made Dong Fang Yu’s expression change as he dodged.


The boy’s killer move missed, seeing Dong Fang Yu’s pathetic state, he giggled: “Do you know the power of Vortex Space Boy now?”


Dong Fang Yu was very angry: “My free-spirited nature is real, while you are just a disgusting old man pretending to be young even though you’re half a step into your coffin!”




Vortex Space Boy’s smile faded away as he charged at Dong Fang Yu.


Dong Fang Yu was merely caught by surprise earlier, now that he was on guard, he retaliated instead of escaping.


Boom!


The two fought and their moves clashed.


Powerful air currents shot towards another Northern Plains Gu Immortal who emerged from the River of Time.


“The wind is really strong, it almost blinded my eyes.” This Northern Plains Gu Immortal looked like an old farmer, his pants were rolled up, his legs were covered in mud, his back was hunched, wrinkles covered his face, and there was tobacco in his mouth.


1“Sigh sigh.” The old farmer had no killing intent, he sighed deeply as he said: “I, Nian Er Nong Fu, cultivate earth path, I am most skilled in managing the immortal aperture.”


Rightfully so.


Nian Er Nong Fu might not be the strongest rank eight Gu Immortal in Nian Er tribe history, but his influence was the deepest, he gave Nian Er tribe the greatest benefits.


Because he was skilled in managing immortal apertures, even though Nian Er tribe’s territory did not grow, their cultivation resources grew by more than ten times, it was unthinkable!




“Ye Qiao Zi greets friend Nian Er.” At this time, A Heavenly Court Gu Immortal appeared, he was also a thin old man.


“You know who I am?” Nian Er Nong Fu asked.


Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortal smiled: “I cultivate wood path, I am also skilled in growing resources. When I was still young, friend Nian Er was one of my goals.”


“So that’s it.” Nian Er Nong Fu smiled.


The two spoke in a harmonious tone, but they had already used their methods to fight, they were even fiercer than the other experts!


As the red light flew around, Nu Er Bao Xiong’s expression became solemn, he continued to strike with his palms as lightning explosions occurred continuously.


The red light’s aura suddenly expanded, Zhu Que Er had used a killer move, splitting into eight red lights that shot towards Nu Er Bao Xiong from different directions.


Nu Er Bao Xiong snorted coldly, he took a deep breath as a spherical shield resembling a lightning web surrounded and protected him.


Bam bam bam…


Seven red lights slammed into the lightning web shield, causing an intense explosion, the remaining red light was Zhu Que Er’s main body.


“My turn.” Nu Er Bao Xiong pulled at his own beard.


“Go.” Strands of his beard shot out, raining down like a drizzle as they all turned into lightning spears, forming a tight formation as they shot towards Zhu Que Er.


Zhu Que Er shouted loudly, the red light turning back into her body as a rainbow light emerged, the temperature of the surrounding air rose.


Seeing that the two were about to use killer moves, the surrounding Gu Immortals quickly went away.


On the ground, Wan Zi Hong looked up with an expression of admiration, cursing in her heart: “Damn it, I lack most of my offensive Immortal Gu, I have no attacking methods now. To think that I would become a healing Gu Immortal one day, hmm?”


Wan Zi Hong’s heart jumped with premonition, her pupils shrunk as she flickered, turning into countless petals and vanishing on the spot.


At the next moment, a golden light flashed past her original location.


Ye Lui Kou appeared on the ground as he snorted coldly, thinking: “Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals are truly elites, I actually missed my attack twice, but unless you escape into the qi wall, you cannot escape!”


Saying so, he pointed with his index finger towards an empty spot.


A golden ball first appeared at his fingertips before it exploded, a grand golden pillar shot out while pushing air aside, its speed was incredible.


“He actually discovered the location of my true body!” Wan Zi Hong wanted to retreat but it was too late.


The golden light was already right behind her, she had no choice but to turn around and defend herself desperately.


Ye Lui Kou snickered, his move was not so easy to block.


But at the next moment, his smile froze.


He saw that the golden light pillar shrunk and went inside a Gu Immortal’s mouth.


The Gu Immortal ate Ye Lui Kou’s entire killer move as he patted his belly with some lingering desire: “To think that I would get to eat right after waking up.”


This Heavenly Court Gu Immortal was quite fat, he had light colored skin and smiled with a satisfied look.


“Who are you!” Ye Lui Kou’s gaze was cold.


“Zhao Shan He!” The fat man smiled: “I will not let you kill our healing Gu Immortal so easily.”


Ye Lui Kou did not speak, his aura surged as he prepared another powerful killer move.


Wan Zi Hong grunted in anger: “I do not want to bother with healing. If you give me all my Immortal Gu, I can fight five of them at once!”


At the other side, several Gu Immortals were instructed by Fairy Zi Wei as they charged towards Calamity Luck Altar together.


Duke Long who was lying on the ground felt happy upon seeing this: “Good, it seems that Fairy Zi Wei has already deduced the weakness of call of the ancient killer move, she is gathering troops to attack Calamity Luck Altar.”


Inside Calamity Luck Altar, Bing Sai Chuan was leading the Northern Plains’ group.


Seeing the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals, he snorted: “This call of the ancient killer move is powerful but it can only be used once. If Heavenly Court disrupts it, it will not be usable again. However, I’ve already saved some manpower to deal with your assaults.”


Calamity Luck Altar similarly contained several Northern Plains Gu Immortals, they quickly flew outside and blocked the incoming Heavenly Court Gu Immortals.


Far away, Fairy Zi Wei let out a sigh of relief: “Thankfully, Bing Sai Chuan does not cultivate wisdom path, the situation has been stabilized.”


Fairy Zi Wei chose the most optimal strategy!


Even though Heavenly Court’s side was on the weak side, Fairy Zi Wei was still willing to gather forces to attack Calamity Luck Altar.


This way, to stabilize the situation, Northern Plains would have to gather more people to defend themselves.


The weaker Heavenly Court was attacking, while the stronger Northern Plains was defending.


It was obvious that the attacker had more initiative, this allowed the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals more time to recover.


If they got injured, they would retreat to the qi wall and recuperate.


When Northern Plains started to defend Calamity Luck Altar, Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals felt their pressure lifting, they were more easily able to return to the qi wall for healing.


Boom!


Two time path killer moves collided, Hei Fan and Gu Liu Ru spit out blood as they flew behind respectively.


Gu Liu Ru wanted to retreat to the qi wall when a figure suddenly appeared.


“Just die.” The figure appeared and disappeared instantly.


Gu Liu Ru was merely inches from the qi wall, but he suddenly fell on the ground in disbelief, losing his life.


The attacker was naturally Liu tribe’s expert Liu Liu Liu.


2This person was crafty and scheming, he was called the disgrace of Northern Plains when he was alive, because he never fought openly with people, he bullied the weak while fearing the strong, he enjoyed sneak attacking people. His enemies often suffered severe losses, but could not even find a glimpse of Liu Liu Liu, they would spit out blood in anger.


Gu Liu Ru’s death made a great impact on the Gu Immortals of both sides.


Ever since Longevity Heaven joined the battle, this was the first sacrifice from Heavenly Court that had appeared!


Gu Liu Ru did not have all his Gu worms, and most importantly, more and more Gu Immortals were joining the battle, it was getting more intense, a certain threshold was reached.


Like a signal, soon, the second and third sacrifices appeared.


Ye Lui Kou finally succeeded in killing Wan Zi Hong, but he was also heavily injured by Zhao Shan He.


On Northern Plains’ side, Hei Fan died.


1He and Gu Liu Ru had fought too intensely, and most importantly, he lacked good defensive killer moves, he was suddenly attacked by several Heavenly Court Gu Immortals at once.


All in all, Heavenly Court’s sacrifices were larger in terms of Gu Immortals.


“Damn it!”


“These Gu Immortals are the foundation of my Heavenly Court, they actually died like this.”


“This was not worth it!”


Fairy Zi Wei sighed deeply, the enemy’s sacrifice was merely part of a killer move. If they used the killer move again, these ‘dead’ Northern Plains Gu Immortals could show up in battle again.


These Northern Plains Gu Immortals were not summoned with their true body after all.


But Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals were real lives even though their lifespan was limited.


“This time path rank nine killer move should be the work of Red Lotus Demon Venerable! Damn it, he is too vicious, he totally targeted by Heavenly Court’s weakness.” Fairy Zi Wei was furious but also helpless.


Bing Sai Chuan’s expression was similarly ugly.


Because as time passed, he found that these summoned Northern Plains experts were falling in battle strength, and it was very evident.


Soon, Fairy Zi Wei also realized this.


“I understand, it is because fate Gu’s recovery is increasing rapidly, it is reaching full recovery.” Fairy Zi Wei’s eyes flickered with hope, she was very happy: “Even though Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s move is powerful, it uses the River of Time and manipulates history, it goes against fate. When fate Gu is fully repaired, this move will also lose all effectiveness.”




