Chapter 172: No One More Suitable!


The banquet was in utter silence.


Everyone was stunned, staring at Fang Yuan blankly.


They had not expected him to admit it so directly.


He’s too young after all.


Hmph, with that, his entire political career is ruined.


From now on, Fang Yuan is no threat anymore…


The elders’ thoughts were churning.


The outcome of the wolf tide had already been decided. Over the next few months, there would only be a handful of wolves moving about. As the Lightning Bei called them back to the den and the Gu Masters killed those who continued to wander, they would completely vanish by the end of the year.


But conflict never ended.


Where people gathered, there were interests, and where there were interests, there were conflicts.


During the wolf tide, it was the struggle between men and wolves. But since that struggle had essentially ended, the clan’s internal power struggles rose to the surface.


Countless Gu Masters had died during the wolf tide. Some factions were destroyed, and the interests they once held naturally had to be distributed.


There were originally many elders, and each of them sought their own slice of the interest cake. But now, with so many dead, a good portion of that cake was still whole, and ripe for the taking.


In order to seize the greatest portions of this cake for themselves, they would have to compete against each other. Political battles, though not as flashy or bloody as the wolf tide, were full of schemes, plots, and traps. In a way, they were just as dangerous.


At first, Fang Yuan was a rising star, attracting great attention and building a great deal of momentum. But now that he had admitted his mistake, it had completely ruined his political career. It was tantamount to giving up the chance to compete for a slice of the cake.


Fang Yuan’s threat as a political opponent had fallen to nothing.


The pressure in the gazes directed towards him instantly weakened.


Eventually, Gu Yue Bo sighed. “Since you yourself admitted to it, as clan leader, I have to punish you for the act of running away from battle. According to the rules passed down by our ancestors, deserters will be stripped of their clan elder status. But the final result shall be decided by me and the other clan elders after a discussion. Regardless of the result, I hope you can accept it.”


The others showed weird expressions.


Fang Yuan nodded, not speaking, as if he had submitted to fate.


Yao Ji broke her own arm to save her life, a decisive and ruthless move. Fang Yuan was the same, except he had given up even more.


His greatest problem now was the sudden appearance of the Divine Investigator and his daughter. If he got involved in political turmoil on top of that, and faced suppression from the other elders, his situation would grow even more dangerous.


Letting go and being willing to let go, that is life. The only reason I became a clan elder was to cultivate better. To pursue eternal life, I walk on the demonic path. I am even willing to discard my own life. What else can I not give up? Clan elder status, hmph…


Fang Yuan did not feel a shred of regret or annoyance.


This was the wisest decision.


Moreover, although there would be punishment, it would definitely be minimized.


After all, there were so few elders left, and as a rank three Gu Master, his strength was greatly valued. On the one hand, the clan leader had to punish him, but on the other, he needed to borrow Fang Yuan’s strength to stabilize the village, so he could not be too harsh.


As for the other clan elders, Fang Yuan had stepped out of this political contest and no longer threatened their interests. They would not offend Fang Yuan anymore. After all, if they forced Fang Yuan to retaliate, wouldn’t that be finding trouble for themselves?


Although there is the clan system, what is a system? Hehe, it’s just a tool to maintain the interests of those in power. While it governs and divides the interest of the lower levels, it is also the rules that bind the higher-ups as they compete against each other. Fang Yuan sneered in his heart. The truth of these matters was quite clear to him.


The most crucial point now is these two investigators. Fuck, they came much earlier than I anticipated, even before the wolf tide was completely gone. Hmph! But such behavior perfectly fits Tie Xue Leng’s hatred of evil and his selflessness in fighting crime.


Fang Yuan felt a strong pressure.


Even though Tie Xue Leng was injured now, his battle strength was not something Fang Yuan could compete against. Even a starving camel was larger than a horse.


I need to leave the village, but I also need to avoid the pursuit of the investigators. How can I get out of this predicament?


Fang Yuan was vexed.


They would not be as easy to confuse as Jia Fu. Moreover, Fang Yuan’s cultivation was too low. Even if he had a thousand and one plans, what could he do without actual strength?


There was a world of difference between rank three and five.


“Everyone, I have something to say.” At that moment, Mo Chen, who had been silent all along, suddenly spoke. His face was pale, as he was still suffering from his injuries and had forced himself to come to the banquet. He had refused wine and was drinking tea instead.


The words out of his mouth shocked everyone. “There’s something I have to be honest about. The reason Elder Fang Yuan was unable to go into battle was due to me.”


“What?”


“Oh, what do you mean?” Gu Yue Bo asked.


Fang Yuan glanced at Mo Chen, hiding his shock.


Why would Mo Chen stand up for him?


During the wolf tide, his successor Mo Bei had unfortunately died.


Even though the Mo faction had done their best to protect him, the wolf tide was unpredictable and everyone was in danger. Sometimes, one couldn’t protect themselves, much less someone else.


Mo Chen sighed. “To be honest, my granddaughter Mo Yan has fallen deeply in love with Elder Fang Yuan. Before the battle, she came to beg me on her hands and knees in tears, unwilling to see him die. I only have one granddaughter, so out of selfishness, I knocked Fang Yuan out and hid him in my estate. I did not let him leave until the Thunder Crown Wolf fled the village. This is all my fault, it had nothing to do with Fang Yuan.”


“What?”


“Oh, is that really it?”


The elders were suspicious.


Mo Chen’s words were quite a stretch; it was rather unbelievable.


“Love among youngsters is common,” Gu Yue Bo nodded, staring at Fang Yuan with deep meaning, looking for clues in his expression.


But Fang Yuan’s face was calm, and there was nothing to see. The clan leader was disappointed.


The other elders exchanged glances, not understanding why Mo Chen would defend Fang Yuan.


By saying this, it meant that he had sacrificed his own reputation and ruined his own political prospects!


Mo Chen continued, “In order to protect my reputation, Elder Fang Yuan willingly let himself suffer the injustice. But I have already erred once, how can I make a mistake once more? This is the truth. As for the punishment, I implore the lord clan leader to direct it at me. I admit my mistake, and if my clan elder status is to be stripped according to the rules, I have no objections.”


Gu Yue Bo quickly waved his hand. “Elder Mo Chen has worked hard all these years. What you did was understandable. Humans are not grass or wood, how can we not have feelings? Now that our clan is greatly weakened, we need loyal and strong elders like you. But this is still your own selfishness, so a punishment still needs to be decided. We have an important guest today, let’s not talk about this now. Come, Brother Tie, let us offer you a toast!”


Gu Yue Bo stood, and the other elders followed suit, raising their cups.


“Everyone is too kind. I still have to trouble you all later, I hope I can seek your understanding.” Tie Xue Leng did not put on airs, he stood as well and drank his wine.


•••


In the courtyard of the Mo faction, there was a beautiful garden, and an artificial pond flowed with crystal clear water.


The moon hung round and full in the night sky.


The banquet had long ended.


Fang Yuan sat in the cooling pavilion as he listened to the sound of the water. He placed down his tea cup, his expression calm.


Sitting opposite him was Gu Yue Mo Chen. After the banquet ended, he had invited Fang Yuan over for a discussion.


“Come, have another cup of tea, this bamboo leaf clear water tea is good for eliminating hangovers.” Mo Chen laughed, personally pouring more into Fang Yuan’s cup.


As Fang Yuan watched his cup being filled again, he said, “Indeed, a good cure for hangovers.”


He looked outside the pavilion to the garden bathed in moonlight. In that radiance, the pavilion was quiet and graceful, but the wind gave motion to the mottled shadows that seemed to suggest the courtyard, once prosperous, was in decline.


During the banquet, Fang Yuan had already guessed at Mo Chen’s intentions. And now, he was even more sure.


The Mo faction had no inheritor left!


Once Mo Bei died, there would be no one suitable left to take up the mantle.


Although there was Mo Bei’s sister, Mo Yan, the clan rules had always favored men over women. A family’s assets could only be inherited by a man.


Even if Mo Yan reached rank three and became a clan elder, she would only have her own personal assets. And if she ever married, they would be transferred under her husband’s name.


If a faction lost its inheritor, it would have no prospects and no one would join them.


The Mo faction had already fallen into difficult circumstances and was on the verge of breaking down.


But heaven always left a way, and the Mo faction was not truly at its wits’ end; there was still a sliver of hope.


This hope lay in Mo Yan’s hands.


Although she was a woman, she could marry someone.


If a suitable man married into the Mo faction, he would have sufficient status to become the inheritor!


Seeing that Fang Yuan had no inclination to mention it, Mo Chen cursed the crafty lad internally. He was forced to speak. “I wonder what Elder Fang Yuan thinks of my Mo faction?”


He bore an unspeakable grief.


Ever since his injury, his cultivation had fallen to rank two, without any chance of ever regaining rank three.


He could only rely on a Gu worm to conceal his true aura. But paper couldn’t cover fire; he would be exposed one day.


His only inheritor had died, while he himself was rank two and would lose his status as an elder. Mo Chen needed someone who could hold the fort to sustain his faction.


Before the wolf tide, he’d held both authority and status, and his faction had controlled a large amount of the interest cake. But though the factions were reorganizing, he didn’t want to claim any more. As long as he could defend what he already had, it would be good enough.


He thought and thought, and without a doubt, there was no one more suitable than Fang Yuan!


