Chapter 173: White Form Immortal Snake


The sunset clouds were blown away by the cool breeze, and the milky way spun silently in the heavens like a disk of jade.


Bai Ning Bing stared out the window, gazing at the night sky.


The bright, sparkling moon shone from above. The occasional wolf howl could be heard in the distance, lending some bleakness to the peaceful night.


The Bai clan leader sat in his study with a dazed expression.


Just a moment ago, Bai Ning Bing had told him about the Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique.


“Northern Dark Ice Soul…Ten Extreme Physiques…” the Bai clan leader mumbled.


“I have already sensed that my end is nearing. My aperture is gradually unable to endure the burden. I’ve truly caused you many problems in the last few years!” Bai Ning Bing softly sighed.


His expression was calm. No longer was there a glint of recklessness and madness in his gaze. What replaced them was tranquility and peace.


These came from his heart.


He had found his path and was no longer perplexed by life and death.


People matured over time, and the stimulation of life and death situations could further speed up this process.


Moonlight fell down like flowing water, illuminating Bai Ning Bing’s fair skin. Under its radiance, his blue eyes seemed to shine with hidden depths.


In that moment, he was like a painting, his white hair and clothes reminiscent of the legends of immortals from beyond the clouds, drawing the eyes of all who observed.


“How could this happen? You were clearly A grade with 99% primeval essence when your aptitude was tested. It absolutely wasn’t the Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique.” The Bai clan leader still refused to accept it.


“It was indeed so. But one day, when I was cultivating, my aptitude suddenly advanced. I checked the ancient scrolls and records in the clan and found some information on this: every 99% A grade aptitude has the possibility of becoming one of the Ten Extreme Physiques while cultivating,” Bai Ning Bing said.


“All ten defy the heavens, and the heavens can’t tolerate them in turn. Even Ren Zu’s ten children met with terrible fates. Sigh, is there really no way to salvage it?” The Bai clan leader felt pity and regret when he looked at the beautiful boy in front of him.


He was the clan’s pride and their hope to rise up in power. However, his life was already nearing its end. He was like a firework, which could only shine splendidly for a fleeting moment.


“There are no ways to evade my impending doom, but there are some ways to delay it. However, all these methods require many years to prepare, which I don’t have.”


Bai Ning Bing said all this and gave a light laugh, as if the one being discussed was not him, but some irrelevant outsider.


“Don’t worry. Who doesn’t die? True immortality doesn’t exist! As long as we live interesting lives, it is enough.” He was instead consoling the clan leader.


“I cannot accept this! I absolutely cannot! Damn it, we have been suppressed by the Gu Yue Clan for centuries! We finally found hope, but it ends up like this! No, there is still hope!”


The Bai clan leader’s voice grew louder and louder, till suddenly, his expression turned firm, as if he had decided on something.


“Follow me, I will bring you to a place…” he said, standing up.


A while later.


The bright moonlight shone upon a deep pool.


“This is the spirit spring?” Bai Ning Bing asked. The Bai clan leader had led him down a long secret pathway, and they finally arrived here.


“Indeed. This is our clan’s restricted area, the location of the spirit spring. As you know, this is the foundation of our clan, the source of the primeval stones we use to cultivate,” the Bai clan leader sighed.


“Then, Clan Leader, what did you bring me here for?”


The Bai clan leader’s face revealed a complex expression, and as he turned around to look at Bai Ning Bing, he spoke hesitantly. “Originally, I would have never thought of bringing you here. However, the affairs of the world are hard to anticipate. To think you would end up possessing the Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique! Your only chance at living lies within this spring.”


“What is it?” Bai Ning Bing asked.


“The Great Immortal!” the Bai clan leader said in a deep voice.


“Great Immortal?” Bai Ning Bing was flabbergasted.


“Great Immortal is its title. It is a snake Gu left by our Bai Clan’s founder. It likes cleanliness, and its food is the water of the spirit spring. It has always been secretly living here,” the Bai clan leader explained.


“Before the founder passed away, he set up a secret inheritance and left behind this snake Gu as a clue. If you can get the approval of the Great Immortal, it will open the secret inheritance for you. But if you can’t receive its approval…” The Bai clan leader paused.


“What happens then?” Bai Ning Bing asked.


The Bai clan leader’s expression turned grave. “It will kill you!”


•••


At the same time, in Gu Yue Village.


Tie Ruo Nan sat inside a room, placing a recon Gu back inside her aperture and nodding in satisfaction. “The environment here is pretty good. It’s rather ‘clean’.”


By “clean”, she didn’t mean the cleanliness of the room, but rather the lack of surveillance.


It wasn’t that there was none at all. After all, Tie Xue Leng was rank five, so he posed too great of a threat to be left completely unsupervised. Hence, there was a necessity for some precautions.


However, the Gu Yue Clan’s defensive and surveillance measures were conservative, even minimal. Not only did they not give a feeling of insulting their guests or suggesting they were unwelcome, they could be taken as excessively earnest and passionate. Hence Tie Ruo Nan’s assessment.


Tie Xue Leng nodded slightly. “Ruo Nan, you have followed me for so long and have learned many things. However, some things can only be understood by taking action, and not just spectating from the side. Hence, I have given this case to you.”


“Father, I will definitely work hard and give it my all!”


“Good. Then, let me ask you, what should your next step be?” Tie Xue Leng asked, testing her.


Tie Ruo Nan smiled. She turned around and gazed at the moon through the window. “The moon is beautiful tonight. Father, can I have the pleasure of taking you around this Gu Yue Village?”


At these words, Tie Xue Leng revealed a gratifying smile.


When starting out on a case, it was not urgent to dive into the details. The first step to solve a case was to survey the surroundings.


The father-daughter pair slowly walked through the streets. After resisting the most terrifying attacks of the wolf tide, the Gu Yue Clan was now in a wretched state.


There were collapsed bamboo buildings and bloodstains everywhere. Junk was piled up all over the place, and the feeble moans of the crippled could be heard from time to time.


The two of them walked around the village without speaking.


Suddenly, a loud roar came from within a certain courtyard. “Fang Yuan, you bastard, fuck off!”


The Tie father and daughter stopped walking.


After a long while, the courtyard gate opened and Fang Yuan walked out, rubbing his nose with a vague smile on his face.


“Hello, Little Brother Fang Yuan.” Tie Xue Leng took the initiative to send his greetings.


“This junior pays his respects to you, Lord Divine Investigator.” Fang Yuan constrained his smile and cupped his fist.


“Little Brother, we are new here and don’t know the place well. Is it possible for you to show us around?” Tie Xue Leng suddenly asked.


Tie Ruo Nan glanced at her father, but she didn’t comment.


Fang Yuan’s gaze hardened. He was just about to go meet them, but the opportunity was delivered straight to him.


“Both of you have traveled a great distance and suffered hardships to come and solve the case. The whole village ought to help you. Please, follow me.” Fang Yuan spoke directly and without showing the slightest evil intention as he led them away.


•••


The spirit spring was raging like boiling water.


All of a sudden, the springwater rose up like a tidal wave.


After it reached a certain height, the water scattered and splashed in all directions. A slender white snake, its whole body covered with snow white scales, tread on the waves and revealed its elegant form.


Its eyes were like jade, cold and indifferent. On the sides of its head were a pair of long whiskers, floating like celestial ribbons.


Rank five White Form Immortal Snake Gu!


“I pay my respects to the Great Immortal!” The Bai clan leader knelt on the ground in excitement. At the same time, he anxiously urged, “Bai Ning Bing, why are you not kneeling?”


“I will never kneel before a Gu!” Bai Ning Bing snorted coldly, standing upright and tall.


Although the White Form Immortal Snake Gu’s aura was grand, ethereal, and cold, with heavy killing intent concealed within, Bai Ning Bing was not the least bit afraid. His icy blue eyes met the snake’s, unflinching.


Time seemed to stop.


The spirit spring and the Bai clan leader had become insignificant background objects.


Under the bright moonlight, the handsome youth with blue eyes and the silver-whiskered white snake stared at each other.


After a long while, the white snake suddenly gave a long cry and turned into a white rainbow, slamming into Bai Ning Bing.


His body jolted. The white light entered his aperture and turned into a white snake.


It occupied the central region of his primeval essence, and its tyrannical aura forced all his other Gu to the edges of his aperture.


“This situation…” The Bai clan leader stood up with a puzzled expression. “It doesn’t match what the clan’s secret records say.”


According to them, once a Gu Master obtained approval, the White Form Immortal Snake Gu would fly with the inheritor and open the inheritance in the sky.


However, the current situation was somewhat weird.


The White Form Immortal Snake Gu took the initiative to enter Bai Ning Bing’s aperture and didn’t kill him, which should mean that it had approved of him. But why didn’t it take him to the inheritance?


Could it be that the secret records were wrong?


The Bai clan leader couldn’t make sense of it.


•••


Time quietly flew by.


“That more or less sums up everything about Gu Yue Village. There is also the underground cave, but that is a restricted area and outsiders aren’t allowed entry,” Fang Yuan said.


Glancing at the bright moon above, he continued, “It is getting late. Please, go and rest. You need to have the energy to investigate tomorrow, right?”


“Hahaha, Elder Fang Yuan is correct. We are really thankful for your directions. Please, go and take a rest yourself,” Tie Xue Leng said.


“In that case, I will take my leave.” Fang Yuan cupped his fist and left.


Tie Xue Leng watched Fang Yuan’s figure with interest, only looking away once he had turned a corner.


“Ruo Nan, what do you think of this Fang Yuan?” he suddenly asked.


“I don’t like him. My intuition tells me he is covered in shadows.” The young girl frowned.


Tie Xue Leng nodded. “I know you have an Intuition Gu which strengthens your intuition, but we need definite evidence to solve a case. Just intuition alone won’t be convincing, and it’s not something you should always rely on. For this case, I will ask that you do not use your Intuition Gu.”


“Yes, Father.”


