Chapter 1734: Chen Yi Removes Formation


Infallible blessed land battlefield.


Nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation.


“Their formation…”


“Our side is suffering from a strong backlash!”


“First group, come back and recuperate; second group, take over the first group, third group, be on standby!”


Chen Yi and Bai Cang Shui controlled the formation while orderly commanding the Central Continent Gu Immortals.


“Who could have thought they would have such a strange move.” Feng Jiu Ge frowned slightly as he gazed at the five regional formation within the formation: “This is troublesome, if we don’t handle it well, the nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation might…”


Feng Jiu Ge had a bad feeling.


The five regional formation constantly spread five colored smoke to the surroundings under Chi Qu You’s control.


The smoke constantly spread out while becoming increasingly transparent as it invaded the nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation.


“Good, this is the way!”




“The others shall target the formation, make the Central Continent Gu Immortals use it frequently, the more they use it, the stronger the backlash they will suffer.”


“Hahaha, the stronger this nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation is, the greater the injury these Gu Immortals will have to suffer! This is truly wonderful.”


The morale of the Southern Alliance and Northern Plains immortals soared.


They changed their battle tactic.


They had already seen through this formation and could clearly target the flaw to destroy the formation, but now, they were not in a hurry to do so.


The five regional smoke constantly spread and they used this to deal with the Central Continent Gu Immortals who were inside the formation.


In a way, nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation had instead become the strong weapon for Fang Yuan’s group to attack Central Continent and Heavenly Court’s experts.


“How should we deal with this? Do we send people to destroy their formation?” Bai Cang Shui looked at Chen Yi.


The leader of this group was Chen Yi.


Chen Yi looked unsightly as he said: “This formation should have originated from the five regional true inheritance, it is the method of Southern Border’s Tao Zhu.”




Heavenly Court had interfered in the five regional mountain range battle, Jun Shen Guang was captured alive by Fang Yuan in this battle. Thus, Heavenly Court knew detailed information about Tao Zhu’s true inheritance and the five regional mountain range battle.


“Tao Zhu could create the five regional mountain range, so this five colored smoke that is pervading the formation is clearly imitating the five regional walls and is making our side suffer from backlash.”


Chen Yi’s tone was quite bitter: “The nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation is a multi-layered formation, we can easily get rid of or add a sub-formation and hence sustain it indefinitely. Back then, Limitless Demon Venerable had to break a hundred formations to get out of this formation.”


“But Tao Zhu’s method gets around the nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation and targets our Gu Immortals instead!”


“Not only are they avoiding the formation but the stronger our formation is, the stronger the backlash to the Gu Immortals in charge of the formation.”


“If we activate the formation to deal with the enemy’s formation, we will fall into the enemy’s trap, we cannot do that.”


“But if we temporarily stop the formation and send our people out of the formation, we will be giving up our advantage and fighting with our weakness. Moreover, the enemies include ruthless people like Wu Yong and Fang Yuan, the Gu Immortals we send out will be in huge danger.”


Chen Yi had been struck by Wu Yong’s farewell friend wind and was saved by Feng Jiu Ge, he still felt lingering fear.


More importantly, they only had three rank eights: Chen Yi, Bai Cang Shui, and Feng Jiu Ge. Moreover, they all had some level of injuries and were not suited to be sent out.


Chen Yi sighed deeply as he analyzed until here: “Who could have thought the nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation would be countered by the enemy!”


Tao Zhu was only an ordinary rank eight Gu Immortal who could not even be mentioned alongside Wu Yong and Fang Yuan, while the nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation was created by the famous and mighty Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


The five regional true inheritance was able to counter nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation, this was Tao Zhu’s glory!


1While alive, Tao Zhu was not prominent among rank eight Gu Immortals or even remotely famous, he only created the five regional mountain range.


No one had expected his research to truly succeed.


After this battle, Tao Zhu’s name would spread throughout the world despite him having been dead for a long time already.


Each generation brings forth new geniuses and each will rule their domain for years to come.


Like how Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s perfect pair killer move was countered in the battle in Heavenly Court, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation was also countered by geniuses of the future generations.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable had died too long ago while the eras continued to progress. Their methods were powerful, but they could not escape from the trials of time as it flows continuously.


“Remove that sub-formation.” Chen Yi ordered resolutely.


The Gu Immortals beside him were shocked.


Chen Yi actually sent the command to remove the formation, did he get muddle-headed?


But soon after, Feng Jiu Ge was the first to react, his eyes shining brightly as he praised: “Great idea.”


“They actually removed the formation, hahaha.” Inside five regional formation, some Northern Plains Gu Immortals started laughing heartily at this sight.


Wu Yong and Fang Yuan, however, had slightly sunken expressions.


“This is not good, Chen Yi is truly crafty.”


“If we are inside their formation, the five colored smoke can invade faster and deeper. Now that they have removed the sub-formation, its efficiency will decrease greatly.”


“Indeed. Over at Heavenly Court’s battlefield, Longevity Heaven is already unable to hold on and Heavenly Court is firmly occupying the upper hand. Chen Yi probably considered this so he adopted the delaying tactic.”


Fang Yuan’s group would have been happy to see Chen Yi’s side activating the nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation or sending people to attack their formation.


But now, Chen Yi took the initiative to remove the sub-formation, choosing to defend passively.


The five colored smoke’s invasion slowed down greatly, Central Continent immortals only maintained the formation and did not activate it so they suffered from weaker backlash.


On the contrary, Chen Yi was still behind the formation, continuing to arrange immortal formations!


Fang Yuan’s group needed even more time to destroy this nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation as a result.


The most crucial thing was that Fang Yuan’s group had to fight for every second, they could not delay for even one moment. Once Heavenly Court eliminates Longevity Heaven’s forces, they would rush here to deal with Fang Yuan’s group.


Chen Yi was very calm with his deep experience.


He purposely backed down, it was only a small step back in the overall picture, but it instead became an even more terrifying offensive move.


He directly forced Fang Yuan’s group towards the edge of the cliff.


“Sigh, if I had known this, I would have made Formation Spirit and formation flag Immortal Gu take part in the five regional formation. With that, five regional formation could be mobile and would not have to be fixed in one place.”


Fang Yuan mentally sighed.


This was not his mistake, and it was not that he was unwilling to contribute.


If Formation Spirit and formation flag Immortal Gu were to be joined with the five regional formation, the amount of things to deduce would increase sharply and it would consume a lot of Fang Yuan’s time.


In fact, even if the five regional formation could be moved, Fang Yuan’s group would not be able to resolve the current crisis.


Chen Yi took the initiative to dispel the sub-formation and retreated to a defensive position. The five regional formation inside the sub-formation was now exposed.


There was already a chaotic battle going on outside the nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation.


Four rank eight Gu Immortals, Qing Ye, Li Huang, Prince Feng Xian, and Ba Shi Ba, were engaged in a ferocious fight. Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building, Frost Dragon Manor, Wind Sweeping Building, and other Immortal Gu Houses were rampaging in the battlefield, occasionally colliding against each other or erupting with immortal killer moves, dazzling lights and explosions resounded everywhere.


“Not good, unlimited wind is getting out of my control.” Wu Yong’s expression changed.


Previously, he had been inside the formation and had not clearly sensed it. Now that Chen Yi had removed the formation, Wu Yong clearly felt something wrong.


Without any delay, Wu Yong flew out of the five regional formation and charged at Wind Sweeping Building.


Yao Huang, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu and others also made their moves.


With their support, Li Huang, Qing Ye and others felt huge pressure. They had to retreat again and again, and soon, they along with Central Continent’s Immortal Gu Houses were getting suppressed.


Fang Yuan quietly moved out before suddenly using great thief ghost hand.


Central Continent’s Immortal Gu Houses immediately met with disaster as Fang Yuan stole a large amount of Gu worms.


Fang Yuan grabbed repeatedly and soon obtained three Immortal Gu. Adding on his gains from the battle in Emperor City, he had already stolen over ten Immortal Gu from Central Continent’s Immortal Gu Houses.


As for these Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan recognized some of them while there were some which he did not recognize.


His time path clone was staying inside the light of wisdom, continuously deducing the ways in which these Gu worms could be used.


Seeing that the situation was going awry, Li Huang got away from Prince Feng Xian and hurried to fight Fang Yuan.


The previous scene in Emperor City played out once again.


Fang Yuan was entangled by Li Huang and was unable to easily target Immortal Gu Houses.


“Hmph, this Prince Feng Xian is acting so well, intentionally letting go of Li Huang without commotion.” Fang Yuan mentally snorted.


Prince Feng Xian was a problem.


What made Fang Yuan feel even more problematic was Heavenly Court’s rank nine human path killer move — Heroes Among People.


With the amplification from heroes among people, Li Huang, Qing Ye, as well as Central Continent’s Immortal Gu Houses had their strength increased by several times. Thus they were able to block the joint offense of Southern Border and Northern Plains.


“We don’t have time to continue such a chaotic battle! Let’s retreat to the formation.” Fang Yuan called out.


Wu Yong and the rest slowly moved back and collected their Immortal Gu Houses before retreating to the five regional formation.


The five regional formation was activated completely, large amounts of five colored smoke quickly spread and shrouded the whole battlefield.


Inside the five colored smoke, Central Continent’s Gu Immortals felt a powerful suppression.


Like the awkward state of Chen Yi before, these people who had been strengthened by heroes among people had their killer moves amplified as well which caused the backlash to increase steeply.


“I did not expect Tao Zhu’s method to be so profound!” Inside the formation, Ba Shi Ba was moved and sighed.


Wu Yong was silent.


This situation was within his expectations.


Because he had already discovered this, he did not stint on exposing the contents of the true inheritance and seeking to collaborate with Chi Qu You.


Chi Qu You also knew this was a good thing but did not have a method to use it before. Now that the formation was modified and successfully arranged, it immediately showed its effects.


“It is a pity this five colored smoke does not distinguish between enemies and allies, Central Continent is suppressed but we can also suffer from backlash.”


“Only Fang Yuan can move freely.” Yao Huang said encouragingly.


Many people looked at Fang Yuan, revealing envious expressions.


“Such a pity.” Fang Yuan inwardly sighed, if he could obtain Tao Zhu’s true inheritance, relying on the light of wisdom as well as his powerful formation path and wisdom path attainment levels, his battle strength would rise sharply.


For example, he had no way to deal with heroes among people, but if he had the five colored smoke, Li Huang’s group would suffer from an even greater suppression. Who was to say if Fang Yuan might be able to suppress the battle in Emperor City singlehandedly?


Back then, when he had escaped from the five regional mountain range and could not take five regional true inheritance, he had felt it was a huge loss.


Looking at it now, his premonition back then was not wrong.




