Chapter 174: Junior Divine Investigator


“Now, analyze this Fang Yuan,” Tie Xue Leng requested.

“Father, you suspect it is Fang Yuan?” Tie Ruo Nan was stunned, but continued, “He is a very logical and intelligent person, and when he introduced the village to us, every word he said was appropriate and well organized…Ah!”

Tie Ruo Nan suddenly drew in a mouthful of cold air and frowned.

“I didn’t notice it earlier, but now that you’ve mentioned it, I realized! This Fang Yuan is too good at speaking. Everything he said is objectively the truth, without an ounce of his personal feelings. As though he is a mere bystander, calmly describing a situation. One cannot find a single flaw, and thus no clues. His words were very…very…very clean.”

The young girl hesitated, before using the word “clean”.

Tie Xue Leng nodded, but then shook his head. “He did not abandon his feelings. Everyone has feelings, even a cold-blooded murderer. He only concealed his personal feelings very well, and was in full control of his emotions. This lad has a demonic nature.”

“Demonic nature?”

“That’s right. Think about it. At the banquet, he outright said that he was frightened and did not dare to enter the battlefield. Tell me, would a normal person do that?” Tie Xue Leng asked.

Tie Ruo Nan shook her head. “No, Gu Masters put the clan’s honor and their own reputation above their own lives. But that isn’t a certain thing. In history, there were many people who sacrificed their own reputations, right?”

“That’s right, but who were those people?” Tie Xue Leng’s gaze was deep.

Tie Ruo Nan considered it, and her expression changed. “They were all outstanding individuals!”

“That’s correct. Throughout history, those who sacrificed their own reputations only had two aims. One was that they had a greater goal in mind, and compared to their goal, reputation was worthless. The other was as an act of self-preservation, defaming themselves to prevent suspicion.”

Tie Ruo Nan’s eyes shone. “Father, you are saying?”

“Don’t overthink it. I just feel that this young man is very interesting. Too bad he’s only C grade…” Tie Xue Leng said.

•••

On this night, the moonlight was like water.

Fang Yuan walked on the empty street, his footsteps slightly heavy but filled with determination.

After interacting with Tie Xue Leng earlier, he knew the rumors were not false. Tie Xue Leng had eyes that could see through the world, and his intelligence and wits were deep as a chasm. He had swept through the Southern Border for decades to establish his fame; he really was an outstanding individual.

Dispelling the suspicions of such a person was extremely difficult. As long as they had enough time, they would definitely discover the truth!!

Now it’s a race against time. But I can make good use of the Mo faction’s recruitment.

Not long ago in the Mo family’s pavilion, Fang Yuan had given absurd demands. In return for marrying Mo Yan, he wanted a hundred thousand primeval stones and ten rare Gu worms, each of them at least rank three.

Mo Chen was furious.

He was marrying off his precious granddaughter, but Fang Yuan still had more demands?!

Such a shameless way to ask for gifts, and so greedy, it was really the last straw!

Thus, negotiations failed, and he chased Fang Yuan out.

Fang Yuan left immediately without any inclination to stay.

He knew that Mo Chen would compromise. His absurd demands were just a method of bargaining, to pay the lowest price when buying and receive the highest price when selling.

But this matter has equal benefits and demerits. Although with more primeval stones, I can feed the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus, my original plan to get out of the political spiral is ruined. In tonight’s banquet, Mo Chen sacrificed himself to salvage my political career. From now on, I’ll have to be wary of suppression from the other elders.

This was the current state of Gu Yue Village’s politics: the clan leader was healthy. Chi Lian, one of the two most important elders, had died, but the Chi faction was not yet finished. The inheritor Chi Cheng still lived, and Elder Chi Zhong of the same faction did as well. The Mo faction, however, had lost its successor, and its current leader had fallen to rank two and would eventually lose his status as an elder.

The two great factions of yesterday had fallen. Meanwhile, the medicine faction consisted of mostly healing Gu Masters. Due to acting as support during the wolf tide, they had few casualties, and they were expected to grow in influence.

Originally, the medicine faction was part of the clan leader’s faction, but now it had the ability to become independent. Regardless of whether Yao Ji chose to strike out on her own or to remain with the clan leader, in order to strengthen themselves, they would need to scoop up slices of the interest cake. And the weakened Chi and Mo factions were the best targets.

If they did not strike now, the two factions would stabilize themselves, and it would only grow more difficult.

Being in the human world means being buffeted by the wind and sea. Why not just let down my hair and sail to the horizon? Riding with the wind and breaking through the waves as I travel thirty thousand li, that is the true demonic path I take! Fang Yuan raised his head and looked at the moon as he sighed.

He wanted to get away from politics, but Mo Chen had dragged him back by force. He faced pressure from all the factions, and Tie Xue Leng was already starting to solve the case. On the other hand, Bai Ning Bing had already found his way.

He was like a boat traveling in the darkness with danger lurking everywhere. How was he to open up a path for himself?

•••

The next day.

“What? You’re saying that the person who murdered Jia Jin Sheng has already been found and was killed?” Tie Ruo Nan felt extremely perturbed.

This morning, she had woken up early and officially started to solve the case.

But to think that the first information she received was that the killer had already been sentenced.

“That’s right. The killer was a demonic Gu Master. He once tried to assassinate our clan’s rising star, so he was executed on the spot,” an elder provided.

“Is that really true? Did he admit personally that he was Jia Jing Sheng’s killer?” Tie Ruo Nan frowned deeply. Tie Xue Leng stood beside her like a statue, wearing his copper mask.

“He didn’t. But if it wasn’t him, who else could it be?” The elder shrugged.

This is all an assumption, there is no real proof, Tie Ruo Nan thought. But whether it’s the truth or not, this demonic Gu Master has to be investigated carefully. Most likely, this is a lead that will bring us to the truth!

Tie Ruo Nan raised her head abruptly. “Where is he buried? I want to inspect the body!”

•••

In a shabby, simple coffin lay a corpse.

The smell of rot assaulted their noses, and both servants and Gu Masters stepped far away to escape it.

The two investigators acted as though they were unaffected. Tie Ruo Nan’s eyes glowed brightly as she excitedly inspected the body.

A person’s corpse could offer many clues. At times, one or two small injuries would be all the evidence needed to point out the murderer!

This corpse had many injuries, but it was fairly well preserved, and he was still wearing his original clothes.

Tie Ruo Nan spent some time checking the body before she stood up, thinking.

“Anything?” Tie Xue Leng asked lightly, testing her.

“The Gu Yue Clan thinks this person is Jia Jin Sheng’s killer, thus they preserved the corpse well. But there’s a huge problem with it,” Tie Ruo Nan answered.

“He’s a middle-aged man, and his right arm is thicker than the left. Both his hands have thick calluses, and they are distributed unevenly. There are many injuries on his body, numerous fatal wounds, showing the intense battle that led to his death. But there are also many hidden injuries and old scars, especially his left foot, which is missing three toes.”

She continued deducing. “He was most likely a hunter. The uneven calluses on his hands show that he was an experienced bowman. Many of his old scars seem to be injuries from wild beasts, like claw marks and bites. His clothes are not those of a Gu Master, and his shoes are even more interesting, made from bamboo hemp grass which cannot be found on any of the surrounding mountains, only here on Qing Mao Mountain.”

“So what are you getting at?” Tie Xue Leng pursued.

“Before this person became a demonic Gu Master, he was a hunter. From his clothes, he was most likely a hunter living on Qing Mao Mountain.” Tie Ruo Nan’s eyes shone brightly.

“Why do you think he came from here? If it’s just his shoes, he could’ve killed a villager here and stolen them,” Tie Xue Leng countered.

“It couldn’t be. The most specialized part of a person’s clothes is their shoes. If he stole them, they would not fit his feet perfectly. But look, despite him having disproportionate legs, they fit quite nicely. The left shoe is even shortened to account for the missing toes. Speaking of which, the stumps of those missing toes are cut quite cleanly and sharply. I assume he lost them by stepping on a trap by mistake,” Tie Ruo Nan said.

Tie Xue Leng did not confirm or deny her speculation, nor did he offer any criticism.

As he said, he was leaving it to Tie Ruo Nan to solve the case.

Tie Ruo Nan continued, “With this conjecture, we can go to the surrounding hamlets and investigate. We might find more clues…wait!”

The young girl’s expression stiffened.

She suddenly remembered that Qing Mao Mountain had just undergone a wolf tide. Even the village was heavily damaged, so how could the hamlets survive?

She knew that she had little hope of finding out anything about this person from such an investigation.

But even if the chances are slim, as long as there’s a chance, I must try! It was the young girl’s first solo case, and she was full of drive.

But half a day passed, and she returned empty-handed. This wolf tide was the largest and most horrifying one in all the village’s history. So many hamlets had zero survivors, putting a damper on her investigations.

“This lead is gone. What are you going to do next?” Tie Xue Leng asked at an appropriate time.

The young girl gritted her teeth and spoke, her tone stubborn. “No, it is not over yet. Father, you’ve said it yourself in the past, the true lead is often hidden more deeply, and as long as we continue to dig, it will appear.

“This demonic Gu Master’s death is strange. Firstly, why did he assault Fang Zheng? What did Fang Zheng do to offend him, causing him to attempt an assassination where his death was all but assured? Moreover, he is a local. Why did no one recognize him after his death?”

Hearing her words, Tie Xue Leng was a little surprised.

“Child, you truly have grown up,” the Divine Investigator sighed, and in his tone there was contentment and gratification.

