Chapter 175: Increasing Pressure


“You’re asking me why that Gu Master came to kill me? How would I know?!” Fang Zheng blinked innocently at Tie Ruo Nan’s question.

“If you have done something, I hope you won’t conceal it. Even if it doesn’t seem significant, it might be a great help for solving the case,” the young girl said sincerely.

Fang Zheng shook his head. “I’m very perplexed as well. At the time, I’d been cultivating non-stop. How could I offend anyone to the point that they would send an assassin? But afterwards, the people around me guessed that he could’ve been hired by one of the other two clans to get rid of me before I could mature. You know of the rivalry between us and the other two clans. Especially the Xiong Clan, they are the greatest suspects, as they once absorbed some demonic Gu Masters into their ranks.”

“The Xiong Clan, huh…” Tie Ruo Nan was a little discouraged after hearing this, since the Xiong Clan had already been eliminated by the wolf tide. It seemed that this lead was also a dead end.

Suddenly, murmurs came from outside the room.

“Look there, aren’t those people from the Xiong Clan?”

“I thought the Xiong Clan was exterminated, how can they send envoys?!”

The Xiong Clan envoy’s appearance caused an uproar among the village.

Soon, news came from the clan leader’s pavilion.

“The Xiong Clan still has a large number of survivors.”

“They retreated using a Gu that their ancestor had left behind, using it to conceal many of their clansmen and cheat death!”

“These scumbags, retreating and avoiding battle, causing the wolf tide to come to us.”

“Hmph, these Xiong clansmen may look big and strong, but their hearts are devious. Wanting to borrow the power of the wolf tide to weaken us, they are too despicable!”

The Gu Yue clansmen were furious.

The appearance of the Xiong Clan envoy had caused Qing Mao Mountain’s political situation to undergo a complete shift.

What was thought to be a two-way competition between the Bai Clan and the Gu Yue Clan, in the end remained a three-way rivalry.

But it was easy to understand once you thought about it. The Xiong Clan had survived for hundreds of years; it must have its own foundation. What clan did not have its ancestors and trump cards?

After the Xiong Clan envoy left, Gu Yue Bo immediately called for a meeting of the elders.

“These Xiong Clan bastards. To think they retreated immediately!”

“Truly, you can’t look down on anyone. The Xiong Clan was always the weakest among the three clans, but to think they had such a scheme. We have to be more careful from now on.”

“They wanted to borrow the strength of the wolf tide to eliminate us, and they nearly succeeded. If not for the Lightning Bei, we might not have lost so many elders. These people deserve to die!”

“If not for the Divine Investigator, two clan leaders might have died. We can’t just let this go.”

“Asking for compensation is a must. We and the Bai Clan worked together to settle the problem of the Lightning Bei. But what we ask for, and how much, will require some discussion.”

The clan elders spoke one after another, until eventually they came to a conclusion.

The Gu Yue Clan would dispatch an envoy to the Xiong Clan. They would observe the Xiong Clan’s remaining strength.

If the Xiong Clan was strong, they would join forces with the Bai Clan. If the Xiong Clan was weak, they might send people to eliminate them and steal the spirit spring.

“So then, who would be suitable to be dispatched to the Xiong Clan?” Gu Yue Bo looked around., “Which clan elder will shoulder this responsibility?”

The hall immediately grew silent.

The elders exchanged glances. No one was willing to go.

The internal conflict was at its peak now, and it was the most crucial moment for the factions to divide the interest cake. If they went to the Xiong Clan, their factions would be without a leader, and the others would make use of the opportunity. When they returned, everything would’ve been decided in their absence. What could they do at that point?

“This old woman feels that being an envoy requires seniority and experience. It has to be someone who can hold his own. Among all of us here, only Elder Mo Chen can take on this role!” Yao Ji suddenly said.

Mo Chen snorted. “Speaking of qualifications, Lady Yao Ji has much more experience than me. Especially in terms of fame, I cannot compete at all, I admit complete defeat. It seems we will have to trouble Lady Yao Ji after all.”

“Elder Mo Chen is extremely right, I recommend Lady Yao Ji,” an elder said, standing.

“I feel that Lord Mo Chen is a more suitable candidate,” another elder immediately responded.

The scene instantly became chaotic.

Gu Yue Bo sat at the head of the table, staring coldly without making a sound.

The medicine faction was already making moves to become its own force, breaking free of his control. Thus, he did not want to help either side, and he merely continued observing.

This was the first contest between the medicine and Mo factions.

Both sides were rallying political support, revealing that they had each made their own compromises and exchanges of benefits. But, on the whole, the medicine faction was stronger.

Yao Ji’s reputation, as well as the current attitude of the Chi faction, had caused this situation.

Gu Yue Bo watched, making a note of which faction each individual belonged to.

As the clan leader, he did not want to see his authority reduced, and these elders were his competitors. But for now, he had decided to merely observe.

The Mo faction controls too much, and now that they have lost their inheritor, the medicine faction has taken the opportunity to attack them. Thus, the most crucial aspect of this contest lies with one person.

Gu Yue Bo’s eyes turned towards Fang Yuan.

All this time, he had remained silent in his seat.

It seems that Fang Yuan isn’t close with the Mo faction. They must not have agreed on the distribution of benefits yet, otherwise, he’d have helped out already. Is this my chance? Gu Yue Bo thought.

But at that moment, Fang Yuan suddenly stood.

This action attracted everyone’s attention.

What he said next left them dumbfounded. “Becoming an envoy is an important matter involving the survival of the clan. I am willing to bear this responsibility and investigate the Xiong Clan!”

“What?”

“Fang Yuan is asking to go?”

“What is the meaning of this? Is he really that stupid, or is it an act? Is he not afraid that all the interests will be distributed by the time he returns?!”

The elders all showed expressions of shock.

Fang Yuan had his own plans. If he went to the Xiong Clan, he might be able to find a chance to instigate a conflict among the three clans. Even if he couldn’t, this was a chance to leave.

“Wait! Anyone here can be the envoy except Fang Yuan alone!” The door suddenly burst open and Tie Ruo Nan barged in.

Fang Yuan turned to look, and his pupils shrank. He saw the two investigators walk in, with two others behind them. One was his brother, Fang Zheng, while the other was Gu Yue Jiang He.

“What does the Divine Investigator have to enlighten us on today?” Gu Yue Bo stood up to greet them, his tone slightly unhappy. This was a Gu Yue internal meeting. How could they just barge in like that?

“Gu Yue Clan Leader, as well as the other elders. My daughter has already discovered the identity of the demonic Gu Master that once assaulted Gu Yue Fang Zheng,” Tie Xue Leng said.

“Oh? Is that so…”

“Wasn’t he instigated by the Xiong Clan?”

“Is there a hidden story behind this?”

“Indeed, this demonic Gu Master’s true identity was a hunter from a hamlet at the base of the mountain. Only by chance did he manage to become a Gu Master. His name is Wang Er. The reason why he assaulted Gu Yue Fang Zheng is because of his brother Fang Yuan!” Tie Ruo Nan stared intently at Fang Yuan.

“Brother, to think you are such a person!” Fang Zheng said from the side, clenching his fist and glaring at Fang Yuan.

“What do you mean by this, young lady?” Mo Chen asked in a solemn voice.

“Don’t tell me, Fang Yuan hired this demonic Gu Master to assassinate his own brother?” Yao Ji said excitedly.

Even Gu Yue Bo was taken aback, shifting in his seat.

“You’re all mistaken.” Tie Ruo Nan shook her head. “The truth is, Fang Yuan killed innocent people and murdered Old Man Wang’s entire family, causing Wang Er to take revenge. But Wang Er did not know that Fang Yuan had a twin brother. Thus, he mistook Fang Zheng for Fang Yuan, and assaulted him in revenge.”

“Young lady, such accusations need proof,” a clan elder said.

“Of course I have evidence. Gu Yue Jiang He, tell us everything that you know.” Tie Ruo Nan was prepared and did not panic.

Jiang He sighed. He looked at the Tie father and daughter in fear, before slowly walking forward and kneeling on the ground. He cried, “It is this subordinate’s dereliction of duty, I seek the clan leader’s punishment!”

Gu Yue Bo’s face was grim. “Speak clearly first, and do not hide anything from us!”

Back then, Fang Yuan had killed Old Man Wang’s family in Jiang He’s area of jurisdiction, and Jiang He had discovered it shortly after. Because it would reflect poorly on his yearly evaluation, he suppressed the matter and did not report it. Never did he think that it would be exposed.

“The truth is like this…” Jiang He stammered as he spoke. He described things simply and truthfully without embellishment.

He did not dare to lie here. Fang Yuan was also a clan elder, so he also did not dare to exaggerate.

“I never would’ve thought that the truth would be like this!”

“Fang Yuan killed Wang Er’s father, and Wang Er came to take revenge, but found Fang Zheng instead. So that’s it…”

“Fang Zheng was innocent, but got involved and ended up saving Fang Yuan from this crisis.”

The clan elders whispered among themselves.

Fang Zheng’s clenched fist grew even tighter as rage built in his heart. He could not help but growl as he said, “Brother, how can you take people’s lives so easily? That old man and girl, they were innocent mortals. How could you cut them down?!”

Facing his brother’s accusations, Fang Yuan was indifferent, as if he did not hear them.

Fang Zheng didn’t matter.

Fang Yuan looked at the Tie father and daughter. To discover the truth in such a short time, they were indeed Divine Investigators.

Regardless of what Gu they used, regardless of the methods they employed to make Jiang He submit, the fact remained that they had managed to do it.

Fang Yuan grew even more certain that his murder of Jia Jing Sheng would come to light. It was only a matter of time. After all, this was the Gu world. Gu could be used to commit crime, and also to solve crime.

The pressure on him was intensifying…

