Chapter 176: The Resolve to Sacrifice


“Elder Fang Yuan, is it true that you massacred the Wang family?” Gu Yue Bo asked with a heavy voice from the head of the table.


All eyes were on Fang Yuan. The young elder coldly smiled. “It is indeed true.”


Fang Zheng closed his eyes in grief.


He may have killed many lightning wolves, but he had never taken any human lives. And now that he heard Fang Yuan admitting it himself, he suddenly felt that his own big brother had become strange and distant.


This feeling of estrangement was mixed with fear at his brother’s cruel methods and anger at the loss of innocent lives.


“Fang Yuan, do you not feel any guilt for slaughtering innocents? If you have any difficulties, you can speak freely,” Tie Ruo Nan said, frowning. She was someone with an extremely righteous character, and she hated people like Fang Yuan the most.


“So what if I killed them? I don’t find it necessary to tell you my story. However, at that time, I didn’t know that the missing Wang Er was a demonic Gu Master. It could be said that Fang Zheng was unexpectedly implicated,” Fang Yuan spoke honestly.


“Big Brother, aren’t you going to say something to me?” Fang Zheng opened his eyes; the corners of them had become red.


“What do you want me to say? Should I comfort you or apologize? …Hmph, Little Brother, you are too soft,” Fang Yuan sneered.


“Damn it, Big Brother…don’t think you are extraordinary just because you’re an elder. I’ll have you know that I’m already qualified to break through to rank three…” Fang Zheng gritted his teeth as the veins on his clenched fist bulged.


“Enough!” Gu Yue Bo couldn’t watch any longer and shouted. “Fang Zheng, stand down. What kind of scene are you making for our guests?”


His words had another meaning, expressing his dissatisfaction. Tie Ruo Nan couldn’t sense it, but the Divine Investigator Tie Xue Leng reacted immediately; he stepped forward and cupped his fist. “Gu Yue Clan Leader and Elders, it is indeed improper for my daughter to barge into the clan’s discussion hall. I apologize for the offense!”


The elders promptly stood up and assured Tie Xue Leng that such apologies were unnecessary.


Gu Yue Bo’s expression also relaxed.


Tie Xue Leng continued, “Since Little Brother Fang Yuan is involved in Jia Jin Sheng’s case and is also a suspect, I would request that he remain at the village.”


Gu Yue Bo massaged his temples and sighed. “The Gu Yue Clan really hopes to provide a suitable explanation for Lord Jia Fu. Since the Divine Investigator requests it, I will have to ask you, Elder Fang Yuan, to remain in the village until you are free of suspicion. I hope you can understand.”


Gu Yue Bo looked at Fang Yuan, his expression sincere. But his gaze, however, held deep meaning.


Fang Yuan might have killed the whole Wang family, but they were only mortals. How could it be a crime for a Gu Master to kill these mortals? Especially if this Gu Master was an elder of the clan. Thus, there would be no punishment.


“Yes.” Fang Yuan glanced at Gu Yue Bo and replied expressionlessly.


•••


“Damn it, it’s like this again!” Tie Ruo Nan punched a tree, causing leaves to scatter.


She clenched her teeth in indignation. “It is clearly a murder, but they don’t give a damn. Father, are mortals not humans? Why do Gu Masters feel that they have the right to kill them?”


Tie Xue Leng was silent as a statue.


The weather was somewhat gloomy, and the blowing wind caused the leaves to rustle.


Tie Ruo Nan suddenly lowered her head, her expression dejected. “I am sorry, Father. I didn’t listen to your advice, and used my Intuition Gu.”


The Divine Investigator let out a long sigh and looked at his daughter with a profound gaze. “Child, you have such hatred for evil and are full of righteous fire, just like me when I was young. I am happy, but also worried.”


“Why are you worried?”


“Your ideals are much greater than mine were. When I was young, my ambition was to capture all the criminals in the world and fill the Demon Suppression Tower to bursting. But as for you, you want to make everyone equal, to treat both Gu Masters and mortals equally, to establish the rule of law and order across the world. Such ideals are too great and heavy.” Tie Xue Leng’s words were full of the wisdom of experience.


“But Father, these people claim ideals like fairness and justice, but if we don’t treat everyone equally, what meaning do they have? If the young don’t have ambitious dreams, then how can they be considered young? I believe it’s all a matter of our own efforts. As long as I give it my all, it might not necessarily be impossible to achieve!” Tie Ruo Nan replied excitedly, her eyes shining with hope for the future.


Tie Xue Leng was silent for a good while. “There will be a day when you will understand. But this is good too: young people should walk their own paths, and setbacks will make you mature. I won’t interfere anymore. I only hope you can live the life you want!”


He then took out a letter and gave it to Tie Ruo Nan.


“This is…?!” Tie Ruo Nan tore open the letter and was immediately overjoyed.


This letter was from Jia Fu, and it recorded every detail regarding Jia Jing Sheng’s case, including how Fang Yuan obtained a Liquor Worm by rock gambling, how a Bamboo Gentleman was used to interrogate Fang Yuan, and even how Jia Fu had tried to recruit Fang Yuan a year later when the caravan arrived after Fang Yuan had displayed his talent for business.


Tie Ruo Nan reread the contents of that last section multiple times. Her gaze grew brighter and brighter.


“This Fang Yuan is not only fierce in his methods, but he also has a cruel nature and is even able to scheme deeply. My intuition tells me he is very suspicious. If he really is the killer, that would be quite scary. It would mean he lied, and the Bamboo Gentleman did not reveal it. How would he have done that?” Tie Ruo Nan muttered to herself.


“What are you preparing to do next?” Tie Xue Leng asked.


“It has been a long time since Jia Jin Sheng’s death. Everything is fishy and filled with mysteries. Even till now, his corpse has not been found, not even the place where he died. This case is too clean and I have no clues. Wang Er was a dead end. In the absence of any other information, I can only follow my intuition and investigate Fang Yuan!” Tie Ruo Nan enthusiastically replied.


“You feel that Fang Yuan is suspicious?” Tie Xue Leng asked.


“Extremely suspicious!” Tie Ruo Nan immediately replied. “He is clearly only C grade, but somehow he cultivated faster than Fang Zheng? He certainly had help from the Liquor Worm and Relic Gu, but it was still incredibly fast. The Gu Yue Clan might not have sensed anything wrong, but this is a case of being too close to something to see it as well as a bystander. This is the first suspicious point.


“The second is his luck. He gambled rocks for the first time in his life, buying only six stones, but he got two live Gu? Furthermore, a Mudskin Toad and a Liquor Worm? Isn’t that way too much?”


Tie Xue Leng nodded. “Continue.”


“He looks ordinary at first glance, but on further inspection, the mysteries around him are thick as fog. Many things that were inadvertently revealed makes one ponder. For instance, his rock dissecting technique: he actually used his Moonlight Gu to dissect rocks, and did it without damaging the core. Such delicate control is really unimaginable for a student…wait!”


Tie Ruo Nan paused. Her eyes suddenly gleamed!


Her eyes fell on a line of words in the letter, and the longer she looked, the brighter her eyes grew.


After a long while, she suddenly raised her head and excitedly spoke. “I found it. Fang Yuan has a huge problem!”


•••


The fragrance of the tea in the cup rose with the steam and spread in the study room.


Fang Yuan held the tea cup, then blew the floating tea leaves and drank the hot tea. After that, he leisurely let out a breath of turbid air.


Upon seeing Fang Yuan’s carefree attitude, Mo Chen did his best to endure, feeling the veins in his forehead bulging.


Previously, Fang Yuan had asked for a ridiculous price, and he had angrily chased the young elder out of his home.


But today, he had no choice but to call on Fang Yuan once again.


Circumstances were more powerful than men. The medicine faction had been pressuring him from every direction, and the fact that his cultivation had fallen to rank two would be revealed sooner or later. The Mo faction was in imminent danger; it urgently needed an elder to serve as son-in-law and stabilize the situation.


This bastard…does he really think my Mo faction is bathing in gold? Mo Chen cursed inwardly. But outwardly, he put on a warm smile. “Elder Fang Yuan, this is too much. It’s far beyond what my Mo faction can afford. Can we settle on something…lower?”


Fang Yuan glanced at Mo Chen. This old man knew when to yield and when to hold firm and was worthy of respect.


In fact, his own situation was growing quite messy.


The Tie father and daughter were forcing him into a corner. Once they found out that he’d killed Jia Jin Sheng, the clan would definitely hand him over, both to appease the Jia family and to continue trading with the caravan every year.


It was almost the crucial moment now, so Fang Yuan softened his tone. “Then we will decrease it by thirty percent. But there is a condition: you need to show me your sincerity by paying forty thousand primeval stones in advance. Also, you must hand over a Pig Iron Gu and an Afterlife Grass Gu.”


Mo Chen couldn’t help but massage his brows when he heard this. He replied in a sunken voice, “I can give you a Pig Iron Gu, but our warehouse doesn’t have an Afterlife Grass Gu. We can’t also give the forty thousand primeval stones at once, they will be paid to you in installments.”


Fang Yuan knew this old fox wasn’t speaking the truth, but he also understood that being too overbearing could instead produce the opposite result.


“That’s okay. I will wait for you to send them first, then we can talk about marriage. Before that, I can’t guarantee my allegiance.” Fang Yuan left these words before walking away.


The study room was silent once more.


A long while later, Mo Chen suddenly said, “You can come out.”


A hidden door was pushed open and a young girl walked out. There were tear stains on her face and her eyes were red from crying.


“Grandpa,” she said, paying her respects. It was Mo Yan.


Mo Chen sighed. “You know our family’s situation. Mo Yan, our family needs your sacrifice, can you understand?”


“Yes.” The young girl sobbed and lowered her head.


No matter which world, there was no such thing as free lunch. Even Fang Yuan contributed a lot of strength to the clan as an elder. The only difference was that the amount one paid or obtained differed, depending on the person.


Even a kid born with a silver spoon in their mouth could not freely enjoy their privileges. In exchange for the family’s nurturing, they needed the resolve to sacrifice.


And this resolve was already present in Mo Yan.


She didn’t have the least bit of feelings for Fang Yuan. Rather, she hated him and was disgusted by him. But she knew that, for the sake of her family, she had to become his wife!


