Chapter 1768: Chi Qu Yous Anger and Grief


Plunder Shadow Earth Trench’s defensive formation had been destroyed!


Southern Border’s super forces soon noticed this fact.


The righteous path was shaken!


Plunder Shadow Earth Trench’s dream realm was the largest congregation of dream realms other than Yi Tian Mountain in Southern Border.


Any path had its own cultivation resources.


Dream realms were evidently the unique resource for dream path, they contained the profundities of dream path within.


Immortal Yi Yan’s ‘Prophecy of Three Venerables’ had been ingrained in everyone’s hearts. Gu Immortals knew about the future era, it was the era of dream path. Any super force paid huge attention to the dream realms, they were very careful in regards to guarding them.


“Plunder Shadow formation was destroyed too rapidly, who is that culprit?”


“According to the Gu Immortals’ information and our own investigation, there was only one enemy, and he was just a rank seven Gu Immortal.”


“A rank seven Gu Immortal could take down this formation? And with such speed and power?”


“This situation is really bizarre indeed, do you think it is that demon Fang Yuan?”




“That’s unlikely? If it is Fang Yuan, why would he leave those dream realms in Plunder Shadow Earth Trench untouched? He has a method to turn them into bodies after all.”


Different from the previous life, Fang Yuan did not keep the Plunder Shadow Earth Trench’s dream realms, he purposely left them.


This caused Southern Border’s righteous path to start guessing randomly, Fang Yuan’s identity was well concealed.


At once, Southern Border’s Gu Immortals were wondering who that Gu Immortal who attacked the formation was.


Who had the guts to challenge Southern Border’s righteous path?


Who had such methods to destroy a super immortal formation with ease?


What was his purpose? Was he just trying to suppress Southern Border’s righteous path? He had enmity towards the righteous path? Or maybe… he had some gains in dream path, he was making use of the dream realms?


Among all of the Southern Border righteous path forces, the most unhappy one was Chi clan’s first supreme elder — Chi Qu You.


Plunder Shadow Earth Trench’s immortal formation had a secret backdoor, Chi Qu You had left it behind. To prevent the dream realms from getting stolen, he had planned in advance to set that arrangement.


When Fang Yuan attacked the formation, he rapidly sensed it, he hesitated on whether to use this backdoor or not.




After all, he had done that sneakily, if he exposed it now, his reputation in Southern Border’s righteous path would be tarnished.


By the time he sensed something wrong and wanted to use the backdoor, Fang Yuan’s refinement path killer move had already broken it.


Chi Qu You felt gloomy and irritated!


In the previous life, after Fang Yuan exposed his identity and could not destroy the formation in time, Chi Qu You made up his mind and transported himself into the formation secretly.


But in this life, Fang Yuan annexed Lang Ya blessed land, his strength was much higher now at the same time period, Chi Qu You did not have much time to react to this.


The truth was, he had a chance but he hesitated, he did not make use of it.


Of course, even if he used the backdoor to arrive before Fang Yuan, he would not be a problem.


Soon, Chi Qu You’s irritation got worse.


Out of nowhere, rumors started to spread.


They said that the formation was so easily broken without giving the righteous path any time to send reinforcements because Chi clan had a traitor!


Precisely because this traitor exposed the formation’s secret, the mysterious Gu Immortal could easily destroy it.


“This is slander! These are baseless rumors! My Chi clan will definitely investigate properly, all these people will face our judgment!” Chi Qu You reacted quickly, he immediately made an announcement, displaying his stance.


But the rumors spread even quicker, lots of different stories emerged, some were clearly fake news while others were quite reasonable, the righteous path Gu Immortals became quite suspicious.


Chi Qu You was extremely angry, he had been feeling gloomy the last few days.


These rumors were attacking him, his reputation that was built up over a long time was starting to fall rapidly.


“How can my Chi clan divulge information? The mastermind behind this is truly vicious!” Chi Qu You stood up and made his point.


He felt regret now.


Had he known this, he would have taken the risk to transport himself over last time.


“Even if that backdoor is exposed and I suffer criticism, I will at least be able to capture the mysterious culprit!” Chi Qu You was very confident in himself because he felt that the enemy was a rank seven Gu Immortal.


Regarding this guess, other than the evidence present, Chi Qu You also had his own train of thought, if this was a rank eight, they could attack directly, why was there a need to hide themselves and act mysteriously?


Some righteous path Gu Immortals consoled him and expressed their trust towards Chi clan.


While some righteous path Gu Immortals, like the ones from Yang clan which had always been opposing Chi clan, had much worse tones.


“It is not that hard to believe that it was an inside job.”


“Our Yang clan had terrible losses! Yang San Mu is a rank seven expert! He lost too quickly, that was not normal. Evidently, someone leaked his information.”


There were even Yang clan Gu Immortals blaming Chi Qu You directly: “Since Lord Chi Qu You is claiming innocence now, how do you explain why the leaked contents of the immortal formation are all accurate?”


Chi Qu You had nothing to say, he was also troubled over this.


However, he had to speak righteously and keep a firm attitude: “There is no need to explain this! The formation’s details are not just known by my Chi clan. In terms of suspicion, any super clan involved in this has a possibility of being a traitor.”


Admitting that Chi clan had a traitor was too damaging to their reputation, Chi Qu You swore to himself that he would never admit it no matter what!


“If a traitor really appears, I will pull out their tendons and rip their skin, I will crush every bone in their body!” Chi Qu You cursed.


He hated the mysterious enemy but he also held huge grudges towards Chi clan’s possible traitor!


The laughable thing was, Chi clan really had a traitor, it was himself!


Of course, that was the previous life’s matter.


Even Chi Qu You had no idea this would happen.


In other words, his circumstances were all caused by himself.


But no matter how Chi Qu You defended himself or pushed his stand, rumors about Chi clan continued to spread and intensify.


“Looking at this situation, it seems that other than the enemy who attacked, the other Southern Border forces are also adding fuel to the fire. Yang clan is definitely involved.”


Chi Qu You was very angry, even with his rank eight cultivation level and formation path great grandmaster attainment, he was without options in this situation.


In the rules of the righteous path, cultivation level was not everything.


“There is only one way now, I need to find the instigator!”


“That’s right, as long as I can capture them and unveil the truth, I can get the whole of Southern Border’s righteous path to shut up!”


Chi Qu You almost wanted to shout: “Return my innocence, return my reputation!”


But if he really found the culprit, who knows what expression or idea he would have.




