Chapter 177: Big Brother, How Can You Do This to Me?!


The Pig Iron Gu was a rank two Gu that resembled a charcoal briquette around the size of a fist. It was black all over, and its surface was porous.


Fang Yuan injected his primeval essence, and the Pig Iron Gu started floating and rotating, black smoke pouring out from the pores.


The Chainsaw Golden Centipede was coiled around Fang Yuan’s leg, its dark gold carapace covered in injuries and its razors on either side were in tatters.


But as the black smoke drifted down and covered these wounds, they gradually healed. The razors could be seen mending at an observable rate.


There were several types of Healing Gu. Some healed Gu Masters, some specialized in certain types of injuries, and some were used on Gu worms.


For the Chainsaw Golden Centipede, the Pig Iron Gu was its healing Gu worm.


As it was used, the Pig Iron Gu became smaller and smaller. After an hour, it vanished.


It was a consumable Gu, but its sacrifice brought about the recovery of the Chainsaw Golden Centipede.


At this point, it was good as new. Its razors gleamed with a sharp, cold light, and only a handful of light scars remained on its carapace.


But this was nothing to worry about. In a few weeks, these scars would vanish through its natural recovery.


If he had relied on that natural recovery to heal all of its injuries, it would take at least half a year for the razors to fully grow back.


The Chainsaw Golden Centipede was more strong than it was flexible. Although it used little primeval essence and was extremely powerful, its weakness was that it was lacking in the aspect of healing.


All living beings were equal, and in this world there were no Gu that were perfect in all aspects. With their advantages, there would also be weaknesses. Even rank six and above Gu followed this natural law.


This way, the Chainsaw Golden Centipede’s battle strength is completely recovered… Fang Yuan stretched out his hand and touched the insect’s cold exoskeleton, his face slightly pale.


Cold sweat formed on his brow.


Damn it, it had to come at this time… Fang Yuan gritted his teeth, his left hand subconsciously pressing against his stomach.


His mind entered his aperture, and he saw that the white silver primeval sea was still, and the atmosphere within was oppressive.


Above the sea, the Spring Autumn Cicada glowed with a yellow-green luster. All the other Gu had been pushed to the edges of the aperture walls.


By now, not only had both of the Spring Autumn Cicada’s wings recovered, but its body had also regained much of its vitality.


Like an object falling from the sky, the closer it got to the ground, the faster it would fall. The Spring Autumn Cicada’s healing process was the same. After an initial period of difficulty, its recovery accelerated.


Thus, the problem came.


The Spring Autumn Cicada was rank six, while Fang Yuan was only a rank three Gu Master. His aperture was gradually becoming unable to contain it.


When he first rebirthed, when the Spring Autumn Cicada was weak, the burden on the aperture was minimal. But now that it was growing closer to a full recovery and regaining its status as a rank six Gu, it made the tiny temple of his aperture unable to hold this high god.


If this goes on, I might even die from the Spring Autumn Cicada before the Divine Investigator finds out the truth! Truly, when your roof has a hole, it just has to rain nonstop for days…


The best solution was to raise his own cultivation level. If he reached rank six, his aperture would have the capacity to store the Spring Autumn Cicada again.


But this method would take far too long. In his previous five hundred years of life, it took him more than four hundred to attain rank six, and he had B grade talent in that life thanks to a rare Gu worm.


He was now C grade with rank three cultivation. He was severely lacking in time.


Other than that, there was another way to solve the problem.


It was to take the Spring Autumn Cicada out of his aperture and raise it outside his body.


But that solution had great disadvantages.


Firstly, the Spring Autumn Cicada was not a combat Gu, so it could not protect itself. Keeping it in his aperture was safer. Secondly, when a rank six Gu appeared in the outside world, its mere presence would cause all sorts of strange phenomena as it distorted the laws of nature.


Fang Yuan was staying in Gu Yue Village, where there were many people, and the Tie father and daughter were keeping an eye on him as well. Once the Spring Autumn Cicada left his body, everyone would find out.


Therefore, he could only endure it.


The Spring Autumn Cicada’s recovery is getting faster. At this rate, I don’t have much time. Once I get the forty thousand primeval stones from Mo Chen, I’ll take the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus and leave this place. As for the investigators, I can deal with them later.


Fang Yuan sighed.


The matter of the investigation was something that he could only put off and delay. But now, the Spring Autumn Cicada was not giving him time to stall.


He was at his wits’ end. His time was now very precious, and every wasted minute and second reduced his chances of survival.


A Gu Master being killed by their own Gu worm was not uncommon. Many Gu Masters had forcefully activated their Gu, received backlash from it, and lost their lives; there were countless such stories. Gu Yue Qing Shu was a prime example, buried as he was not far away.


•••


“Six purple-gold stones, each the size of a fist. With Fang Yuan’s cultivation, he actually opened five on the spot. How could he have so much primeval essence at that time?” Tie Ruo Nan stared at the information in the letter, laughing smugly.


Tie Xue Leng nodded. “You finally found this suspicious point. Indeed, only when you are meticulous can you discover what ordinary people cannot see. But what can you derive from this clue?”


Tie Ruo Nan closed her eyes, secretly activating her Intuition Gu.


In the darkness, she felt an enlightenment in her mind, and she opened her eyes abruptly. “Instinct tells me that Fang Yuan must have obtained the Liquor Worm long before!”


“But instincts are sometimes wrong, they are no substitute for proof,” Tie Xue Leng reminded her.


“Isn’t it easy to get evidence? Hehe, as long as he has the Liquor Worm, he has to feed it. If he feeds it, there has to be evidence.” Tie Ruo Nan’s mouth curled into a smile. “Let’s go! We’ll find Fang Zheng once again. As Fang Yuan’s little brother, he has to be the most familiar with him.”


•••


“You’re asking about Big Brother’s actions back then?” Fang Zheng showed a complicated expression.


He sighed and recalled, “Back then, Big Brother was a very outstanding individual. Since he was very young, he constantly displayed his talent, especially in poetry, causing the entire village to put their attention on him. Back then, I admired him and held him in awe. In my heart, he was like a tall mountain that I couldn’t climb. Maybe because he was at such a high point, when he tumbled down, the despair was greater. During the Awakening Ceremony, he was found to have only C grade talent, and he fell into depression for a long time. He would sleep in class and often didn’t return to the dormitories at night, and he would buy wine and get drunk all the time. From that moment on, I realized, my big brother was also human…”


“Wait, he bought wine, you say?” Tie Ruo Nan heard this crucial phrase and grasped it, her eyes narrowing.


“Yes, for a period of time, he was dead drunk. Maybe reality was too harsh,” Fang Zheng sighed. “He only had C grade talent, but his brother turned out to be A grade, and he could not accept the truth. Actually, if I put myself in his shoes, I can understand how he felt.”


“So, just to confirm, Fang Yuan was buying wine every few days?” Tie Ruo Nan asked again.


“Yes, from that moment onward, he fell in love with alcohol and spent a lot of money on it. For a time, he was in love with bamboo wine, which is our clan’s specialty, a very expensive wine. He extorted primeval stones from his classmates in order to buy wine to drink, causing the rest of the class to hate him. Why, is there a problem?” Fang Zheng asked in confusion.


“There’s a huge problem. I suspect that your brother’s Liquor Worm wasn’t obtained from rock gambling, and that he had it before then. Your brother’s drunkard act was merely a performance. His real motive was to conceal the fact that he had the Liquor Worm and was feeding it,” Tie Ruo Nan replied solemnly.


“WHAT?!” Fang Zheng jumped up from his seat in shock.


This was too unexpected!


“What you just said made me even more suspicious. Where did your brother buy wine normally? I need to investigate.” Tie Ruo Nan stood up as well. She was racing against time, moving quickly to solve the case.


“In our entire village, there is only one place that sells bamboo wine: the sole inn.”


“Then I’ll take my leave.” Tie Ruo Nan turned around and left.


“Wait, I…I’ll go with you!” Fang Zheng hesitated before chasing after them.


An hour later.


Tie Ruo Nan was walking down the stone-paved street, organizing her thoughts. “The innkeeper has confirmed my suspicions. Fang Yuan bought so much wine to feed his Liquor Worm. After that, he went to gamble rocks as a way to provide an explanation for its existence. Everything went according to his plans.”


To the side, Fang Zheng appeared somewhat distraught, his face looking a little lifeless.


He had never expected the truth to be like this!


At the time, he had looked down on Fang Yuan, thinking that he was a loser who had given up on himself. From that moment onward, he felt that the tall mountain beside him was no longer so hard to scale.


But the truth was that everything was Fang Yuan’s disguise, his performance, his scheme!


The people around him were played like fools and believed his lies.


He himself was no exception!


Looking at it now, his disdain for his big brother back then seemed like an incredible joke.


Big Brother…in your heart, what place do I hold? In those eyes of yours that pretended to be drunk, was I a huge joke? Big Brother, you scheming fox! In your heart, was I childish enough for you to sneer at?! Fang Zheng screamed in his mind.


He was humiliated, he was furious.


He felt like he was played by Fang Yuan. From the beginning, he had been a clown, putting on a childish and laughable act.


In that moment, he felt Fang Yuan’s disdain for him.


Big Brother, how could you treat me like this?!


If not for Lady Tie, I would still be in the dark. How long do you intend to lie to me, and to the clan? You kill the innocent, taking lives as you wish. Weaving deception and lies, acting indifferent and inhumane, is that the real you?


