Chapter 178: Black, White, and Gray


Long ago, in Fang Zheng’s heart, Fang Yuan was like a tall mountain, so tall he could never scale it.

Long ago, Fang Zheng thought that the shadow of this tall mountain would enshroud him his entire life.

But fate had given him an unexpected twist.

Fang Yuan’s depression let Fang Zheng see his weakness. The tall mountain had instantly collapsed.

And yet—

All of this was just his brother’s performance? It was merely an act?

The collapsed mountain in his heart became enshrouded in a layer of mystery.

Big Brother, what kind of person are you?

Fang Zheng realized at that moment that he knew nothing about his brother.

Fang Yuan’s heart was too full of schemes, and his shrewdness ran too deep. With his acting skills and his indifference towards human life, Fang Zheng suddenly felt that they were infinitely far apart.

And mixed with this sense of distance, there was also a feeling that Fang Zheng did not want to recognize.

Fear.

That goddamned feeling was back, creeping into his heart.

He tried his best to shrug it off, subconsciously continuing to follow Tie Ruo Nan as he did so.

“Lady Tie, thanks for letting me find out the truth and see who my brother really is. Helping you is akin to helping myself, so just ask away, I will tell you everything I know,” Fang Zheng said earnestly.

Tie Ruo Nan nodded, but then quickly shook her head. “I basically have everything I need for now. The next problem is, where did Fang Yuan get that Liquor Worm?”

“You are right, this matter is suspicious. At the time, he hadn’t yet inherited our parents’ assets, and he was only a C grade at the start of his cultivation. Where did he get a Liquor Worm?” Fang Zheng frowned.

There are only two possibilities in this situation. One is outside help, and the other is an inheritance. But for the former, who would invest in a C grade talent? And for the latter, where is this inheritance? As she thought, Tie Ruo Nan stopped walking.

Inheritance…inheritance…

In her mind, this word kept appearing.

She fell into deep thought.

If it was an inheritance, everything would fall into place. Firstly, the Liquor Worm’s origins could be explained. Secondly, this would give him a motive for killing Jia Jin Sheng! Tie Ruo Nan thought excitedly.

What had perplexed her the whole time was the killer’s motive.

There had to be a reason to kill.

Fang Yuan had revealed his Liquor Worm, and Jia Jin Sheng wanted to buy it. But the value of the Liquor Worm was too low to serve as a motive.

But what if Jia Jin Sheng stubbornly refused to give up on buying the Liquor Worm, and thus followed Fang Yuan and discovered an inheritance ground…

What would Fang Yuan do?

“Hehehehehe.” Tie Ruo Nan laughed.

Fang Zheng looked at her in confusion.

Tie Ruo Nan met his eyes. “I want to inspect the Gu Yue Clan’s historical records!”

Fang Zheng shook his head and waved his hand. “They’re kept in the clan’s forbidden grounds, how can an outsider see them?”

“Then can you get in?”

Fang Zheng shook his head. “Only clan elders.”

“Is that so…then what do we do now?” Tie Ruo Nan frowned.

“Lady Tie, maybe I can help.” From the shadows, a crippled old woman walked out.

It was none other than Gu Yue Yao Ji.

She was still the medicine faction head, but when she had stepped down from the Medicine Hall Elder’s position and was replaced by Chi Zhong, together with losing an arm, her former authority had almost fully vanished.

But the pursuit of political power was already ingrained in her soul. She understood deeply that collaborating with Chi Zhong was only a temporary solution. The only way forward was to devour the Mo faction. Only then would she have the ability to take back her Medicine Hall Elder’s position.

To absorb the Mo faction, all she had to do was to eliminate their hope.

And this hope was naturally Fang Yuan.

“Divine Investigator Tie, to speak the truth, I’ve been observing both of you for some time. Come with me, I’ll bring you into the clan’s forbidden grounds. Hehehe. Normally, it would be heavily guarded. But coincidentally, right now I am in charge of protecting it,” Yao Ji laughed sinisterly.

She obviously hoped to harm Fang Yuan indirectly, but if he was innocent, she could definitely slander him using her wicked methods.

In a hidden room in the clan’s forbidden grounds, Tie Ruo Nan looked through the Gu Yue Clan’s historical records.

From the founding to its golden age and its decline, it recorded every event, big or small, in great detail.

“The clan’s founder seems to have quite the mysterious origin, to be able to create this village single-handedly. He was most likely a demonic cultivator!” Tie Ruo Nan flipped through the first few pages and said something shocking.

“That’s not surprising. Many demonic cultivators, after getting sick of wandering, eventually choose to settle down and establish a clan. A few hundred years later, their origins are forgotten, and their descendants have become righteous cultivators. Such situations are actually very common,” Tie Xue Leng said from the side.

“Then are all his previous wrongdoings forgiven?” Tie Ruo Nan asked indignantly. “These demonic cultivators do all these terrible things, but in the end when they feel tired, they just get to settle down and enjoy their old age? Isn’t that too good for them?”

Tie Xue Leng sighed deeply. “Ruo Nan. When I was young, I felt the same, thinking that the world was black and white. But after you see more of it, you will realize that it is actually gray. Many times, black can turn to white, and white can turn black. Sometimes the white can be more devious than the black, and bear even greater sins.

And demonic cultivators also have their own grievances. Righteous Gu Masters control most of the cultivation resources, while demonic Gu Masters are all alone, only able to rely on their extreme methods. Those like the Gu Yue Clan’s founder who are able to change their ways, that is best. At least they will no longer cause harm to others. By turning from black to white, they can contribute their strength to the righteous path,” Tie Xue Leng explained. However, the young girl did not seem to be convinced.

She shook her head, adamantly saying, “Father, it is not right for you to sympathize with demonic Gu Masters. White is white and black is black. They should be punished for making a mistake. If they break the law, they should face judgement. If not, where would justice lie, where would fairness lie, where would the law stand?”

“It is not sympathy. Where there are people, there are interests, and where there are interests, there will be crime. As long as people exist, crime will never end. My child, you will find out eventually that a single person’s strength is too insignificant.” Tie Xue Leng’s voice was experienced and wise, but also sorrowful. “Nevermind. As you are now, it is still too early to speak of such things. You should concentrate on solving this case.”

“Yes, Father,” Tie Ruo Nan pouted. It was clear that she did not agree with his pessimistic outlook.

When people were young, they tended to think they could change the world. But after they grew up, they would eventually discover that being able to retain their sense of self, and not being changed by the world, was already a great success.

As the girl continued to flip through the records, her hand suddenly stopped.

“Fourth generation clan leader…Flower Wine Monk? Li…Liquor Worm?” Her eyes shone!

•••

Electric currents flowed as sharp teeth gleamed like blades.

A Frenzy Lightning Wolf pounced towards Bai Ning Bing, its claws leaving afterimages in the air.

Bai Ning Bing remained completely still. Even as the Frenzy Lightning Wolf’s claws filled his vision, he did not show any inclination to dodge.

Suddenly, a white rainbow shot out from his aperture.

The light burst apart and scattered like rain. From within the rain, an elegant white snake appeared, its long whiskers lending it a fey aspect.

At the sudden appearance of this rank five snake Gu, the arrogant Frenzy Lightning Wolf immediately shied away, attempting to retreat.

But the White Form Immortal Snake opened its mouth and shot out a cloud of smoke.

The white smoke moved deceptively fast, quickly enveloping the wolf.

The Frenzy Lightning Wolf’s vision was obscured by the cloud, and it quickly pulled back. But no matter how it moved, the white smoke followed it like a shadow, always engulfing its surroundings and not giving it any chance to escape.

The White Form Immortal Snake’s ability was this smoke cloud. After being enshrouded, its victim could not see, as their surroundings would be dyed with the white smoke.

Lightning wolves relied on their strong vision and had weak hearing, and the Frenzy Lightning Wolf was the same. It howled in panic. As it fruitlessly struggled to escape the smoke, it broke many trees and mountain rocks, growing more and more agitated.

HOWL!

It suddenly opened its mouth and shot out a blue thunderbolt.

By chance, the thunderbolt happened to target Bai Ning Bing, but he continued to remain where he was.

Crack!

The lightning pierced through Bai Ning Bing’s chest.

Bai Ning Bing lowered his head and saw the huge hole that the thunderbolt had made. He could see all the way through his own body.

But in moments, the hole began to freeze over. Layers of white ice covered the injury before slowly melting and turning into flesh.

This is the Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique’s true strength. I am ice, and ice is me. Fatal injuries to ordinary Gu Masters can be recovered in just a few seconds, Bai Ning Bing thought. He slowly raised his right arm.

He had lost it on the day he fought with Gu Yue Qing Shu, but by relying on the Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique, he had already regained it.

The White Form Immortal Snake Gu also sensed the Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique, thus it entered my aperture. My physique can attract water path Gu worms to join me! Such great strength, yet so brittle!

Bai Ning Bing sighed at the heavens.

He had stopped suppressing his cultivation. The Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique was getting stronger, and in turn he felt his death approaching even faster.

“The Great Immortal hasn’t done anything?” the Bai clan leader asked in concern, coming over to check on him.

Bai Ning Bing shook his head. “This snake Gu does not recognize me, it is merely attracted to my Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique and moved from the clan’s spirit spring into my aperture. Only when I am in mortal danger will it come out and protect me.”

But as he had not refined it, this protection also had its limits.

For instance, the thunderbolt earlier was too fast, and the White Form Immortal Snake could not react in time.

After all, it was not a defensive Gu.

In Fang Yuan’s previous life, Jiang Fan and the River-Swallowing Toad were the same. Although Jiang Fan had its assistance, he was still assassinated by a Gu Master.

The Bai clan leader sighed. He felt intense regret and pity at that, but there was nothing he could do. He had already done what he could.

“Right, the three clan’s negotiation results are out. The Xiong Clan preserved more than half of its strength, we cannot underestimate them. Eventually, the three clans came to the decision that there will be a three-way tournament, and the compensation will be decided by the results of the competition. Only Gu Masters aged thirty and below can enter.”

“I understand,” Bai Ning Bing nodded. “I can already sense that my life is coming to an end. To be able to have a competition at the end, I am really happy. Thank you, Clan Leader.”

“No, no, this is also for the sake of the clan,” the Bai clan leader said, embarrassed. It was his suggestion in the first place, and the biggest reason for it was to squeeze out the last remaining value that Bai Ning Bing possessed.

But Bai Ning Bing’s gratitude came from the bottom of his heart.

The White Form Immortal Snake was unmoved, meaning that he was not fated to receive the founder’s inheritance. But living and dying was natural, so what was there to fear?

Bai Ning Bing had already found his path. He was no longer afraid. But there was still one thing in his heart that he could not let go of.

Fang Yuan, will you attend the three-clan tournament? Don’t disappoint me, because right now, I am really, really strong…

