Chapter 1783: Second Ambush Battle


The newest information was sent to Chi Qu You, he stood at the window as he stared at the mountain outside.


“Oh? They trapped Fang Yuan already? It seems that he cannot escape this time.” Chi Qu You’s gaze flickered.


“Fang Yuan actually tried to undergo tribulation in Southern Border and left clues behind. Even if he wants to advance to rank eight, this is too reckless.”


“But it cannot be helped… he managed to force Heavenly Court to retreat and even made transactions with me, the journey was too smooth, he became overconfident and started to look down on my Southern Border’s righteous path.”


Chi Qu You felt that Fang Yuan was able to remain free because of his devious and cunning actions, he had always been on the move and did not face a super force head on. He often escaped the moment the situation turned bad.


This time, Southern Border’s righteous path colluded in a secretive manner, on the surface, they showed a calm demeanor, there were no suspicions about them, they even had wisdom path Gu Immortals to conceal and defend against deductions.


“And there is that Lu Wei Yin, if he did not join the alliance, our Southern Border righteous path might not have caught Fang Yuan so quickly. Worthy of Paradise Earth’s inheritor, he could actually find Fang Yuan’s location from the earth qi of his tribulation, he is truly impressive.”


Chi Qu You sighed internally.


Lu Wei Yin interfered and caused the situation in Southern Border’s righteous path to become even more complex.


This time, Southern Border’s righteous path pursued Fang Yuan, there were three rank eights including Lu Wei Yin, the probability of success was high.


If they succeeded, Lu Wei Yin’s reputation would rise sharply, he would definitely become someone that they would need to place great importance on.




Actually, Lu Wei Yin had already interacted with all the Southern Border righteous path forces before this, in one way or another.


His Southern Border paradise was the gathering spot of many Southern Border variant humans, he had taken in many variant humans who had their homes destroyed by humans.


These variant humans lived peacefully in the paradise, according to reliable information, many of these variant humans had already become Gu Immortals.


This made Southern Border’s humans very unhappy and worried, but because Lu Wei Yin was Paradise Earth’s inheritor, he carried on the will and aspiration of Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable, the whole of Southern Border’s righteous path could not find him for trouble.


All along, Lu Wei Yin had been pushed aside by Southern Border’s righteous path, that was a tacit agreement by everyone.


But recently, Lu Wei Yin had often shown up and even kept a high profile as he volunteered to find Fang Yuan. If this succeeded, his efforts would not be in vain, he would gain some authority in Southern Border’s righteous path.


Chi Qu You did not think well of Fang Yuan’s predicaments.


Even though he resisted Heavenly Court’s invasion of Lang Ya blessed land, everyone thought that this was because Heavenly Court underestimated Lang Ya blessed land’s foundation.


And most importantly, Heavenly Court did not expose the fact that Thunder Ghost True Monarch and Chen Yi had died in there.


This made Southern Border’s righteous path Gu Immortals feel a sense of confidence.




Their confidence was not without reason.


They had once pursued Fang Yuan and made him escape from Southern Border like a beaten dog after all. If not for Feng Jiu Ge’s interference, he would have died already.


Chi Qu You was more worried and wary of Lu Wei Yin, he had already started to think about how he would deal with this Paradise Earth inheritor in the future.


As for Fang Yuan?


Chi Qu You felt a little regret.


Regardless of whether he lives or dies, as long as he ends up in Southern Border righteous path’s hands, Fang Yuan’s and Chi Qu You’s transactions would stop.


This went against Chi clan’s benefits!


Thus, Chi Qu You felt regret.


Even though Fang Yuan had once attacked Chi clan’s resource points and caused them to lose resources, Chi Qu You did not feel any grudge towards it.


In his opinion, the dream path research results that he obtained were enough to make up for these losses.


Chi Qu You was not afraid that Fang Yuan would target him afterwards.


Like what he analyzed earlier, even if Fang Yuan took out strong evidences that could not be denied, it was just Chi Qu You’s and Fang Yuan’s transaction.


With Chi clan’s size and foundation, they would lose a little territory, but their roots would be unshaken.


But if Chi Qu You informed Fang Yuan about the actions of Southern Border’s righteous path, that would be a different story.


He would be a traitor!


If he was exposed, even with rank eight cultivation level, Chi Qu You and Chi clan would face the combined attack of the entire righteous path, the clan might even be wiped out.


As a righteous path leader, Chi Qu You had a strong understanding of his position in this situation.


He would not make such a mistake.


If he told Fang Yuan about it, regardless of whether he gets captured, the demon Fang Yuan would gain the evidence of Chi Qu You being a traitor.


And furthermore, he and Fang Yuan were just making use of each other, they were not close enough for him to take such risks and tell him about the plan while sacrificing Chi clan.


Chi Qu You felt a little worry.


“If Fang Yuan gets captured, I hope he will not expose his dream path research results, our Chi clan needs sufficient time to develop.”


“To speak the truth, Fang Yuan is a true talent. It is a pity that he is going to end up like this… if he could grow fully, in the future, the five regions would become more interesting.”


Someone of high status would definitely have extraordinary vision.


Chi Qu You truly felt, towards the pitiful ending that Fang Yuan was going to end up in, that it was quite a pity.


At the same time, somewhere in Southern Border.


Fang Yuan was surrounded by Southern Border Gu Immortals, they had overwhelming aura and morale.


The leader was an old woman, it was the time path rank eight Gu Immortal Xia Cha, she smiled coldly at Fang Yuan: “Scoundrel Fang Yuan, you have finally fallen into my hands.”


Fang Yuan looked at her as he thought: “The same lines all over again. According to my memories, he is going to laugh next.”


Fang Yuan looked away from Xia Cha.


As expected, at the next moment, standing beside Xia Cha, Shang clan Gu Immortal Shang Hu Zhang started to laugh: “Lord Lu Wei Yin, he is truly incredible, we found this demon at last!”


(Fang Yuan: The same lines as expected, but his smile is more exaggerated than last time. He is sucking up to Lu Wei Yin publicly, is it because Shang clan has taken interest in the goods of the variant humans in his paradise?)


“Kill, kill this demon, take revenge for our Southern Border righteous path!” Tie Qu Zhong said loudly with deep killing intent.


(Fang Yuan: Oh, someone finally changed his lines, but there is barely any difference.)


“We finally caught Fang Yuan.” Liu Hao thought to himself. He was Heavenly Court’s spy, he had fixed space Immortal Gu, it was ready to activate in his immortal aperture, once Fang Yuan shows any sign of using Fixed Immortal Travel, he would activate the immortal killer move that used fixed space Immortal Gu as the core!


Liu Hao was more nervous now compared to the previous life.


Because in the previous life, he only had to activate fixed space Immortal Gu, but now, because Fang Yuan had the killer move jade flow pearl, he could not use fixed space Immortal Gu alone to counter Fang Yuan, he needed to use an immortal killer move.


Heavenly Court did not lack these killer moves of course, even if they did, Fairy Zi Wei could modify them.


Liu Hao was nervous because he was not familiar with this immortal killer move yet, if he used it in battle, there was a chance of failure.


If his activation fails, he would let down Heavenly Court, that would be embarrassing!


“Don’t worry, I am here.” At this moment, a rank seven Gu Immortal transmitted to him.


Liu Hao glanced at him.


“Don’t look at me!” Immediately, the rank seven Gu Immortal shouted coldly.


Liu Hao mentally rolled his eyes, this person was the Southern Border rank eight Gu Immortal, Ba Shi Ba, who had disguised his cultivation level and appearance!


“With this person around, we will have three rank eights on our side. This battle is not inside Lang Ya blessed land, Fang Yuan has no formation to help him… If we fight, I will have a lot of chances of using my killer move calmly.” Liu Hao analyzed as the worry in his heart lifted by a lot.


However, at the next moment.


Boom!


The formation activated, all of the Southern Border Gu Immortals surrounding Fang Yuan were enveloped in it.


“What the!” Liu Hao’s eyes were about to pop out, he wanted to scream: “Why is there a formation here?!”


Within the formation, heaven and earth were fused as once, this was an area of blue space.


The Southern Border immortals’ expressions changed.


“This is a trap!” Someone shouted.


Lu Wei Yin was silent, while Xia Cha’s gaze became increasingly cold, she stared at Fang Yuan fixedly.


“Stay calm! We have strength in numbers, what can Fang Yuan alone do?”


“That’s right, we have Lady Xia Cha and Lord Lu Wei Yin, we are not afraid of his immortal battlefield!”


Liu Hao was stunned: “That’s right! How can an immortal formation be set up so easily? It activated so quickly, this is likely an immortal battlefield. But Fang Yuan is quite foolish, after using an immortal battlefield, he can’t escape himself.”


Southern Border’s immortals were astute figures, they soon calmed down and regained their morale.


At this time, Lu Wei Yin spoke: “This is not an immortal battlefield, it is a super immortal formation.”


“Time path formation.” Xia Cha added.


(Liu Hao’s lips twitched: After so much talk, this was still an immortal formation!)


“Both of you are very perceptive.” Fang Yuan smiled as he nodded, before waving his sleeves.


The gates were shut, it was time to let out the dogs, wait no, let out the year beasts!


Howl! Howl! Howl! Howl! Growl!


A huge spiral formed from nothingness as countless year beasts charged out like a rushing tide.


These year beasts were of various forms, including monkey, snake, dragon, and tiger, they were all at least desolate beasts and even quite a few ancient desolate beasts among them.


But Fang Yuan had disappeared.


Wild year beasts did not have high intelligence, they soon directed their savage gazes towards the Southern Border Gu Immortals, they charged ahead.


“Kill them all.” Xia Cha said indifferently.


Lu Wei Yin sighed.


The Southern Border immortals turned around and started to fight these year beasts!


Liu Hao waved his sleeves as countless flying blades shot out, slicing year beasts into pieces wherever they hit.


(Fang Yuan stood at a formation core as he analyzed: This Heavenly Court traitor is around indeed, I did not waste my effort in reducing the ink effect. Fixed space Gu should be in your hands?)


Liu Hao fought as he thought to himself: “It seems that there is a tributary of the River of Time here, Fang Yuan is trying the same method again, he used a similar formation back when he fought Feng Jiu Ge, the resemblance is uncanny! But strange, why do I have such a weird feeling about this?”




