Chapter 179: History Is Written by Men


“The Flower Wine Monk begged for mercy on his knees. The fourth clan head was merciful and kind, intending to spare his life. But the Flower Wine Monk suddenly launched a sneak attack, and the clan head flew into a rage, killing the Flower Wine Monk on the spot. However, the clan head was mortally wounded by the sneak attack, and he passed away not long after. Alas, demonic cultivators were indeed treacherous and unworthy of kindness…”


However, as Tie Ruo Nan read through the records, her eyes gradually dimmed.


What a pity. This Flower Wine Monk died on the spot, so he couldn’t have left an inheritance. If he had, it would explain everything, the young girl sighed inwardly.


But she didn’t give up and continued to search the Gu Yue Clan’s records until time was up and Yao Ji rushed them out.


Fang Zheng welcomed two investigators outside the clan pavilion. “Did you find anything?”


Tie Xue Leng remained silent. Tie Ruo Nan gave a bitter smile and shook her head.


Fang Zheng continued, “I just thought of something which might be of help. Big Brother and the Chi faction worked quite closely, and the Chi faction’s elder Chi Lian once defended him publicly. Lady Tie, do you think that his Liquor Worm might have come from Chi Lian?”


“The Chi faction?” Tie Ruo Nan frowned.


“Yes. The Chi and Mo factions were the most influential in our clan before the wolf tide,” Fang Zheng explained.


How was Fang Yuan involved with the Chi faction? Tie Ruo Nan reflected on this.


She started feeling a headache; this was her first solo case, and she had been full of confidence at the start. But when she actually started to work on it, she felt that it was full of difficulties.


When she had observed her father solving cases, it seemed as if success was guaranteed. Every mystery was unveiled in a methodical and orderly manner, as if it were natural. However, now that it was her turn, she realized how truly difficult it was.


Sometimes, there seemed to be nothing but dead ends, and at other times, all sorts of strange clues seemed to emerge at random. She was at her wits’ end.


It was like she was covered in dense fog, unable to tell how close or far she was from the truth.


Would this clue regarding Chi faction be of any use?


Tie Ruo Nan couldn’t help but feel at a loss, and she subconsciously looked at her father.


Father should have already discovered some clues, right? At that moment, her admiration towards her father deepened further.


If it was my father, this case would have already been solved. I am still far away from his level. But even if I fail, as long as he is here, the truth will come out and the killer will be punished. Tie Ruo Nan felt ashamed, but also proud.


With Tie Xue Leng here, she had no worries that the criminal could get away.


But the young girl quickly shook her head, growing angry. The anger was directed at herself.


Ruo Nan, you are worthless. Didn’t you think of surpassing Father? How can you surpass him if you always rely on him?!


Ruo Nan, cheer up, you can do it! The young girl pursed her lips, inwardly encouraging herself.


Her spirit boiled up again.


She decided to discard her previous conjectures and start over.


If Fang Yuan didn’t obtain the Liquor Worm from an inheritance, and instead got it from someone else, then this Chi faction would be the biggest suspect. However, why would the Chi faction take notice of an ordinary student with merely C grade aptitude and secretly give him a Liquor Worm?


What does Fang Yuan have that the Chi faction felt was worthy of investment? Because he is Fang Zheng’s brother? No, that is almost negligible. Wait a second, it might not be that the Chi faction decided to invest in him. There is another possibility: Fang Yuan blackmailed them!


If that’s true, what did Fang Yuan have on them to make them obediently compromise with a student that had yet to be a Gu Master?


Tie Ruo Nan racked her brain, and an answer seemed to gradually emerge in her mind.


But this answer was blurry, like the light behind a paper window. Tie Ruo Nan could feel its existence, but she couldn’t grasp and understand it.


“Father.” The young girl suddenly raised her head and looked at Tie Xue Leng. “I would like to borrow the Cactus Pointer.”


Tie Xue Leng replied in a relaxed voice, “The suggestion given by the Cactus Pointer is based upon the information the user has. It only speculates on your behalf and might not be accurate. Are you sure you want to use it?”


The young girl nodded.


The Cactus Pointer was a seed.


Tie Ruo Nan buried it in the ground, then pressed her palm on the soil above it, sending her white silver primeval essence into it.


After several breaths, she withdrew her hand. Soon, they could see the soil shifting, and a young sprout grew out of it.


The newborn sprout was a translucent green, and looked very fragile. It quickly grew, becoming bigger and bigger, and its color changed from fragile greenish-yellow to verdant green, then finally to dark green.


It resembled a cactus, with thick, lush, green flesh, and it was covered in sharp black thorns.


After a few moments, a flower bud appeared on its crown.


The white flower bud gradually grew, becoming charming and delicate. The main body of the cactus, however, was shrinking as if it was being drained of all moisture.


Tie Ruo Nan stretched out her hand and gently plucked this flower bud. The moment the flower bud was taken, the cactus started turning gray. It withered away in a few seconds.


The Cactus Pointer was a rank three consumable Gu.


Tie Ruo Nan carefully opened the flower bud.


Strangely, it was not formed from layers of flower petals, but rather was something like a ball of folded paper.


When Tie Ruo Nan completely opened it, it formed a neat square of white paper.


On it was written a single word: “Aptitude”.


This word might seem meaningless to someone else, even nonsensical. But for Tie Ruo Nan, it was a very important hint.


This was the use of the Cactus Pointer. It gave insights to the Gu Masters who had racked their brain but couldn’t advance forward. It pierced through the paper window and let the Gu Master see the light.


“Right, it is aptitude!” Tie Ruo Nan shouted.


She immediately took out the letter which recorded all the intel collected by Jia Fu.


In it, there was a mention of the fact that Chi Lian had bought a Cleansing Water Gu.


“It’s this! I only briefly skimmed through it earlier and neglected it, not considering the underlying meaning. But the Cactus Pointer speculated on my behalf and gave me the answer. This Cleansing Water Gu only has one use, and that is to cleanse foreign primeval essence auras from the aperture.


“Why did Chi Lian need it? Hehe, this situation is too common and happens a lot in many clans. He should have bought this for the Chi faction’s inheritor. His inheritor should have poor aptitude, so Chi Lian used his own primeval essence to raise their cultivation. The Cleansing Water Gu is necessary to remove any after-effects from this process. By some chance, Fang Yuan found this secret and used it to blackmail the Chi faction, thus forcing them to compromise and give him the Liquor Worm.”


Tie Ruo Nan excitedly mumbled her conjecture.


“Lady Tie, you are amazing. You could deduce so many things with just one word! But Chi Cheng clearly has B grade aptitude,” Fang Zheng said.


“Clearly, you say? Hehe, does that mean it can’t be fake? It is very simple to prove it. We only need to examine Chi Cheng’s aperture and the truth will be out.” Tie Ruo Nan’s gaze was burning as her mouth formed a slight smile.


“That’s inappropriate.” Tie Xue Leng, however, shook his head disapprovingly.


If this truth was revealed, it would be a great blow to the Chi faction, leading to turmoil among Gu Yue Village’s higher-ups and causing political conflicts.


Tie Xue Leng said, “We came here to solve a case and not to wreak havoc. In the end, we are outsiders, and unless it is absolutely necessary, we can’t meddle in another clan’s politics.”


Tie Ruo Nan nodded. “Father is right. Besides this, there are also other ways to prove it. I remember that many clans use Photo-Audio Gu to record every important ritual. This has long been a tradition, and I doubt the Gu Yue Clan is an exception. I want to see the recording of the Awakening Ceremony!”


•••


“Divine Investigator Tie, you have constantly been on the move for so many days and have gone through a lot of trouble to solve this case. Please, come have tea. As for the recording you want to look into, it is stored in a secret room in one of the clan’s restricted areas. It would be inconvenient to let you two enter, but I have already sent someone to get it. It will be here in a short while,” Gu Yue Bo said, smiling.


“I seem to have troubled you,” Tie Xue Leng said politely.


Tie Ruo Nan and Fang Zheng were standing off to the side.


“Divine Investigator Tie, if I might be so bold as to ask a favor…” Gu Yue Bo suddenly said.


“Oh? Please speak, Clan Leader.”


“It’s to do with our internal affairs. The three clans living here have always been in a deadlock, but that changed due to the wolf tide. Xiong Village hid from the wolf tide with malicious intentions, trying to take advantage of that disaster to weaken the other two clans. When we tried negotiating earlier for compensation, we couldn’t come to an agreement. Hence, our three clans decided to hold a three-way tournament. Only Gu Masters aged thirty or below can participate, and it will decide the future strength of each clan.”


At that, Gu Yue Bo sighed. “Actually, we felt that something was strange about Fang Yuan long ago, but we couldn’t look into it properly because of the wolf tide. If he really is the killer, we absolutely won’t shield him. But I hope that you can delay arresting him for a few days, since the competition will be held the day after tomorrow.”


Fang Yuan killed the Wang family, but they were just mortals and it was not worth investigating. So what if he killed them? It wasn’t a big deal.


However, if he really killed Jia Jin Sheng, then that would change everything.


If the Gu Yue Clan still protected Fang Yuan at that point, that would mean becoming enemies with the Jia family and losing the chance to trade with their caravan. The Jia family would even retaliate.


Organizations would protect their members, but if benefits were endangered, it could easily give up one or two of them for the greater good.


The earliest form of organization was ancient. Humans banded together into clans to survive, borrowing each other’s strength to gather more food and dividing up their work to hunt more successfully.


The essence of any organization was to obtain the maximum amount of benefits.


If one or two members obstructed the organization’s path to benefits, then sacrificing them was a natural thing.


Thus, even if the Gu Yue Clan had very few elders at the moment, if it came down to it, the clan leader would abandon Fang Yuan without hesitation.


However, the day after tomorrow was the three-way competition. The results of this competition would decide their future for the next few years, as well as the allocation of benefits on Qing Mao Mountain. As a rank three Gu Master, Fang Yuan was a vital fighting force for the Gu Yue Clan.


Just like the Bai Clan’s clan leader with Bai Ning Bing, Gu Yue Bo wanted to squeeze Fang Yuan for all he was worth.


