Chapter 18: Let the Past Disperse Like Smoke


Faced with his brother’s question, Fang Yuan did not speak; he continued eating his breakfast. He knew his younger brother’s character — Fang Zheng was not someone who could keep his composure.


Sure enough, Fang Zheng saw that his older brother did not even bat an eye at him, as if he was nothing but air. He called out unhappily, “Big Brother, what did you do to Shen Cui? Ever since she came out of your room yesterday, she’s done nothing but cry. When I comforted her, she cried even more.”


Fang Yuan looked up at his younger brother, his face expressionless. Fang Zheng frowned, staring firmly at his older brother, waiting for his reply.


The atmosphere was growing tense.


But Fang Yuan just looked at him for a second before he lowered his head and continued eating.


Fang Zheng was immediately flustered. Fang Yuan’s attitude was clearly undisguised contempt towards him. With shame and frustration, he banged his hand on the table, roaring, “Gu Yue Fang Yuan, how can you act like this! Shen Cui has served you for so many years; I have seen her gentleness and care towards you. Yes, I know you feel lost, and I can understand your dejected feelings. Yes, you only have C grade talent, but it doesn’t mean you can vent your anger on others just because of your own misfortune. This isn’t fair to her!”


He had barely finished when Fang Yuan stood up, raising his hand in a flash.


Slap!


With a loud crack, he struck Fang Zheng across the face.


Fang Zheng covered his right cheek, stumbling backward, his face full of shock.


“Useless bastard, is that any way to talk to your own older brother?! Shen Cui is just a servant girl! Because of a lowly girl like her, you would forget that I am your older brother?” Fang Yuan reprimanded him in a low voice.


Fang Zheng finally reacted, stinging pain surging through him in waves. He stared wide-eyed, his breathing rough as he said in disbelief, “Big Brother, you hit me? Even when we were children, you never hit me! Yes, I was found out to be an A grade talent, and you were just C grade. But you cannot blame me for it, this is all the arrangement of heaven…”


Slap!


Fang Zheng had not finished speaking, but Fang Yuan used the back of his hand and struck him again.


Fang Zheng covered both his cheeks with his two hands. He was stunned.


“Naive fool, do you not remember?! From our childhood till now, did I not care for you? When our parents died, our life was hard. During the New Year, Aunt and Uncle only gave us a single new robe. Did I wear it? Who did I give it to? When you were small, you loved to eat sweet porridge, and I would tell the kitchens to make another bowl for you everyday. When you were bullied by others, who brought you back? Not to mention many other things I don’t feel like are worth talking about. And right now, because of a mere maid, you would speak to me like this?”


Fang Zheng’s face was red. His lips trembled in shame and annoyance, as well as surprise and anger. Yet he was unable to say a single word of rebuttal.


Because everything Fang Yuan had said was the truth!


“Whatever,” Fang Yuan sneered. “Since you even cast aside your own parents and became someone else’s son, what am I worth to you, as merely your big brother?”


“Big Brother, how can you say that? You know I have always longed for the warmth of a family since I was young, I…” Fang Zheng immediately tried to explain.


Fang Yuan waved his hand, silencing him. “From today onwards, you are not my little brother, and I am no longer your older brother.”


“Big Brother!” Fang Zheng was surprised, opening his mouth to say more.


At that moment, Fang Yuan spoke again. “Don’t you like Shen Cui? Don’t worry; I didn’t do anything to her. She’s still a virgin, untouched and pure. Pass me six primeval stones and I’ll give her to you. From now on, she can be your personal maid.”


“Big Brother, why are you…” To have his inner thoughts revealed out loud so suddenly, Fang Zheng felt a surge of panic.


But at the same time his heart was assured. The one thing he was worried about the most did not come true.


Not long ago, in the night, Shen Cui had personally served and washed him.


Even though nothing important happened, Fang Zheng could not ever forget the gentleness of that night. Every time he thought of Shen Cui, he would remember her skillful hands and her soft red lips, and his heart would throb.


Sincere, youthful feelings had long planted themselves in the young man’s chest, starting to grow.


Thus, when he learned about Shen Cui’s state last evening, anger burst out from his heart. He instantly gave up refining his Moonlight Gu and turned the village inside out trying to find Fang Yuan, wanting an explanation.


Seeing Fang Zheng not replying, Fang Yuan frowned and said, “Love is very normal, be more honest. There’s no use hiding it. Of course, if you don’t want her, then that’s fine.”


Fang Zheng immediately felt anxious. “I’ll trade! Why would I not trade? But I don’t have six primeval stones anymore.”


As he said this, he took out his money pouch, his face flushed.


Fang Yuan took the pouch and found six within, but one of the stones was only half the normal size. He immediately knew that Fang Zheng had absorbed the primeval essence from this stone to speed up the process of refining his Moonlight Gu. The more natural essence was absorbed from the primeval stone, the smaller it became.


Even though it was just five and a half stones, Fang Yuan knew: these were all the primeval stones that Fang Zheng possessed right now. Fang Zheng had no savings of his own, and he had received these from Aunt and Uncle not long ago.


“I’ll keep these, you can go now.” Fang Yuan’s expression was cold as he tucked the bag away.


“Big Brother…” Fang Zheng wanted to say more.


Fang Yuan raised his eyebrows slightly, speaking in a slow and leisurely manner, “Before I change my mind, get lost.”


Fang Zheng felt his heart tighten. He gritted his teeth, and finally turned and left. When he stepped through the doorway of the inn, he subconsciously covered his chest with his hand, feeling a wave of uneasiness. There was a feeling that was telling him that he had just lost something very important.


But very quickly his mind was full of Shen Cui, and that dreamy night, and heat spread through him. “I can finally have you rightfully as mine, Cui Cui[1].” He did not look back, and walked out of Fang Yuan’s sight.


Fang Yuan stood, expressionless. He remained there for a long time, then he finally slowly sat down.


The bright sunlight passed through the window, shining onto his indifferent face, making anyone watching shiver. There were few customers in the hall, and the streets grew busier with people. The noise and excitement from the bustling crowd traveled over, making the silence within even more obvious. His food grew cold. A worker came up attentively, asking if Fang Yuan would like to reheat his breakfast.


Fang Yuan did not hear him. His gaze kept shifting like a cloud, as if he was seeing old memories. The worker waited for a while. But as Fang Yuan was in a trance, never saying a single word, he could only rub his nose and walk away bitterly.


After a long time, Fang Yuan’s eyes became focused once again. The memories in his heart were like smoke; they had already dispersed.


He returned to reality once more. The sunlight that flowed in covered half the table. The steam wafting from his food had already disappeared, and the bustling noise of the crowd on the street reached his ears.


He reached into his robes and patted the five-and-a-half primeval stones at his bosom, his mouth curling into a bitter and mocking smile. But the smile was quickly cast away.


Fang Yuan took a look at his food and called out, “Waiter, go and reheat these dishes for me.” At that moment, his eyes were clear as ice.


•••


“What! Your older brother really said that?” In the hall, Dong Tu frowned, his voice cold. His wife sat down, staring speechless at the fresh red handprint on Fang Zheng’s cheeks.


“Yes, when I met him, he was at the inn eating breakfast. The entire thing went like this…” Fang Zheng replied politely.


Dong Tu’s frown deepened, his face forming into a series of dark lines.


After a few moments, he sighed and said in a solemn tone, “Fang Zheng, my child, you must remember this. The maidservant Shen Cui is not Fang Yuan’s personal property; we assigned her to him. How can he use her to trade? If you wished for it, you should have told us earlier. We would have just assigned her to you.”


“Ah?” Fang Zheng was stunned.


His uncle waved his hand. “You can take your leave. You gave all your primeval stones to Fang Yuan, so I’ll just give you another six. Remember, use them properly on refining your Gu and take first place. We will be very proud of you when you do.”


“Father, your son is ashamed…” Fang Zheng was suddenly moved to tears. Dong Tu sighed and replied, “Just go, hurry back to your room and refine your Gu. You don’t have much time left.”


When Fang Zheng took his leave, Dong Tu’s face twisted with anger.


Bang!


He slammed the table with his palm, hissing, “Hmph, this damn bastard. He actually used our servants in a trade, he’s really cunning!”


His wife advised, “Husband, calm your anger. It’s just six primeval stones.”


“What do you understand, woman! Fang Yuan’s talent is only C grade, if he wants to refine Gu, he will need primeval stones. With his inexperience, six primeval stones won’t be enough. But now that he has twelve, it will be more than sufficient.” He was so furious that he gnashed his teeth.


He added, “A Gu Master’s cultivation will be very swift as long as there are enough resources and no obstacles. The clan is capable of producing a rank two Gu Master from a C grade talent in two or three years. The lower Fang Yuan’s cultivation, the smaller his hopes of seizing the family inheritance when he turns sixteen. Right now he is still young, just starting to cultivate. We want to hinder him and make him fall behind his peers. The academy’s resources are always awarded to excellent students. With his talent, once he falls behind, he won’t be able to win those resources. Without them, his cultivation will fall even further. With this vicious cycle, I would like to see if he has the ability to inherit the family fortune in a year!”


His wife did not understand. “Even if we do not stop him, he would at most be at rank one middle stage a year later. Husband, your cultivation is at rank two, why are you still afraid of him?”


Dong Tu was so angry he stomped his foot. “Woman, how can you be so short-sighted?! I am a senior of the clan, should I really beat down the younger generation? If he wants to obtain the inheritance, it is reasonable and cannot be stopped directly; I can only fight back using the clan rules. It is stated in the clan rules: to be head of the household at sixteen years old, one must have at least rank one middle stage cultivation. Otherwise, Fang Yuan would have no right to waste the clan’s resources. Do you understand now?”


She was enlightened.


Her husband narrowed his eyes, a glint in his gaze. He shook his head a little, sighing as he said, “Fang Yuan is just too smart, too cunning. He could even see through our attempt to frame him. What kind of intellect is this? Scheming and calculating at such a young age, how terrifying! I was going to continue plotting against him, but he moved out straight away. I wanted to further rely on Shen Cui to monitor and trouble him, but in the end he escaped, and even traded her for six primeval stones.


“If only he could have been as stupid as Fang Zheng. Oh right, from now on, you must treat Fang Zheng better. He is an A grade talent, after all. Not to mention, I can see that he has feelings of dissatisfaction and unhappiness towards Fang Yuan. These emotions are a good thing; they must be guided properly. I have a feeling that he will become the best tool to deal with Fang Yuan in the future!”


•••


In the blink of an eye, two days had passed.


In the room at the inn, there were no lights. The moonlight poured in, painting the room the color of frost. On the bed, Fang Yuan sat cross-legged, his eyes closed. He moved his green copper primeval essence, concentrating his mind on refining the Liquor Worm. On its body, a small part had already been dyed copper green, but the Liquor Worm’s will was still as tenacious as ever. It constantly struggled in the midst of the ethereal primeval essence.


Fang Yuan’s refining process was not going smoothly.


I spent two days and two nights, only resting two hours each day, and I spent twelve primeval stones, but only managed to refine around a fifteenth of it. Considering the time, someone will succeed in refining their Gu soon.


Fang Yuan could see the situation clearly. However, his talent was poor, and the Liquor Worm that he was trying to refine had an incredibly tenacious will to live. Falling behind was normal.


A moment of falling behind is nothing, as long as I have the Liquor Worm… Fang Yuan’s heart was clear as a mirror, not a single trace of anxiety or discouragement in him. Suddenly, the Liquor Worm curled up into a ball.


Oh no, it’s counterattacking! Fang Yuan instantly opened his eyes, a hint of astonishment in his gaze. Before him, the Liquor Worm had curled into a round little dumpling, blazing with a blinding white light.


It was risking everything in this one last stand!


All at once, Fang Yuan felt a strong will charging out of the Liquor Worm’s body, flowing directly through his primeval essence and descending into the primeval sea in his aperture.


A Gu counterattacking was incredibly rare. Only Gu with extremely strong wills would give their all; it was either success or death. Most fledgling Gu Masters would be panicking right now.


Though he was surprised, Fang Yuan did not; in fact, he was somewhat delighted. Staking everything in one last attempt, this is also a good thing. As long as I can handle this counterattack, the Liquor Worm’s will shall greatly weaken. However, I need to put full focus into fighting back, I cannot receive even the slightest outside interference. I can only hope no one will come and disturb me during this period.


His thoughts finalized, he gathered the primeval essence in his aperture, ready to challenge the Liquor Worm’s will. He would be entangled with it and fight three hundred rounds.


At that moment.


In the middle of his aperture, high above the sea, a Gu appeared.


Boom!


A mighty aura erupted.


It was like the heavens crashing down, or a flood devouring the land. It was a dreadful beast, opening its scarlet eyes to glare at the fool who would violate its territory!


This is the Spring Autumn Cicada?! Seeing this Gu, Fang Yuan was completely shocked!


* * *


[1]. A common way to create a diminutive (cuter-sounding nickname) for someone in Chinese is to double the last (or only) character of their first name. In this case, Shen is her last name and Cui is her first name, hence “Cui Cui”. As with other languages, using a diminutive shows affection or closeness. There are a couple of other ways to make a diminutive in Chinese.


