Chapter 180: Watching the Awakening Ceremony Again


It’s about time, I can’t wait any longer.


As night fell, Fang Yuan opened his eyes in a dark room.


He had already taken off his Gu Master uniform and was now wearing a black robe that covered his legs. Matched with his long black hair, he would appear like a specter as he moved in the dark.


He was already used to having long hair in his previous life. Some Gu worms required long hair to display their abilities, like the Black Hair Gu, Steel Hair Gu, and so on.


Having long hair was quite convenient as well. You could just cut it short if there came a time where you had to alter your appearance. But if you had short hair, growing it longer in a short period of time would require specific Gu worms.


Not long ago, he had made an agreement with Mo Chen. He had already received the Pig Iron Gu and all forty thousand primeval stones from that agreement. The only thing that remained was that healing Gu.


I can only forget about it now. How can everything go as one wishes? Reality is full of helpless choices…


Fang Yuan sighed, then stood up and lightly opened the door. He activated his Stealth Scales Gu and disappeared into the night.


Circumstances had forced him to make this move.


The two investigators were drawing closer, and his plan to be an envoy to Xiong Village had been stopped as well.


Xiong Village was able to preserve most of their strength, and the other two clans didn’t dare to be too forceful in their negotiations. Thus, the talks about compensation ended in failure, resulting in the three-way competition.


The Mo faction moved to recruit Fang Yuan, but that put him in the middle of the clan’s political struggle and drew every elder’s hostility.


In addition, Bai Ning Bing was undoubtedly growing stronger as his death approached. The whole situation was becoming more and more unfavorable for Fang Yuan, forcing him into an impasse.


Old fox that he was, he still needed strength to support his schemes. Despite already employing every method available to him and using all his strength, despite progressing much faster than he did in his previous life, his rank three initial stage cultivation was still not enough to overturn the current situation.


Things are dire, I can only take a risk and bet on this method! Fang Yuan thought hard, eventually placing his hopes on the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus.


As long as he took it, the clan’s spirit spring would fail. The clan was sure to frantically investigate, but what else could they do besides that?


The spirit spring would already be lost, and even if they took the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus and destroyed it or put it back into the spirit spring again, it would not recover.


What could the clan do to survive then?


There was only one way: seizing a new spirit spring!


However, there were only three spirit springs on Qing Mao Mountain, and each of them was held by one of the three clans. If Fang Yuan destroyed one, then the Gu Yue Clan only had one choice: to pick which of the remaining springs to take for themselves.


The choice was war, a war with either Bai Village or Xiong Village.


Only by seizing one of the spirit springs could the Gu Yue Clan have the foundation to continue its existence. Without a spring, Gu Masters could not cultivate.


It was an incredibly dangerous move. But Fang Yuan had no other choice. The Spring Autumn Cicada was recovering so fast that his aperture was already starting to feel a burden. He didn’t have much time, so he could only fight for a single sliver of hope, seeking life in death.


•••


The hall was brightly lit.


A Gu Master had already delivered the Photo-Audio Gu, but it was currently in Gu Yue Bo’s hand. “Divine Investigator Tie, what are your thoughts about my request?” he asked, smiling.


Tie Ruo Nan lightly snorted.


Tie Xue Leng ruminated for a while before agreeing. “Alright, if Fang Yuan really turns out to be the killer, I will leave enough time for him to participate in the tournament.”


“Father…” Tie Ruo Nan’s eyes flashed with a strange light; this was not his style.


“Hehe, the word of the Divine Investigator is quite valuable. It is said that you never break your promises. I humbly thank you for your understanding, and I fully trust in your word.” Gu Yue Bo’s smile became more gentle. However, in his heart, he coldly hummed.


Yao Ji had secretly brought the investigators into the underground cave and let them look through the clan’s official historical records. How could he, as the clan leader, be unaware?


But he had to restrain his anger because of the approaching tournament, and also because of the complicated political struggles in the clan.


Although Tie Xue Leng was a powerful rank five expert, his strength could not prevent Gu Yue Bo from feeling dissatisfied.


Fortunately, the true history of the clan is in our secret records, which can only be held by the clan leaders of each generation. The official history they saw is intended for outsiders, Gu Yue Bo thought, secretly feeling smug.


The Gu Yue Clan’s historical records were divided into official records and secret records.


Official records were hidden in the secret room in the underground cave, intended to brainwash later generations. They were quite fake.


But the secret records recorded everything without any falsehoods. There were even records of some things that could never be divulged.


For instance, the ritual for summoning the Blood Guillotine Gu from the sky was something that could never be put into the official records, but was described in detail in the secret records.


“Gu Yue Clan Leader, my father has agreed to your request, now show us the video.” Tie Ruo Nan’s tone showed her bad mood.


“Even if Divine Investigator Tie hadn’t agreed, I would have fully cooperated with your investigation,” Gu Yue Bo gently clarified, then he lightly pinched his fingers, smashing the Photo-Audio Gu.


Although the Gu broke into pieces, it instead formed into a ball of seven-colored smoke which swirled together in noisy patterns.


Gu Yue Bo lightly blew on it. The smoke floated to the wall, but didn’t pass through.


Like ink falling into water, a colorful imprint began to appear on the spotless wall.


The imprint grew larger until it formed into a video of the Awakening Ceremony from a few years ago.


Within this image, Fang Zheng quickly found himself, and also many other familiar faces.


They all bore expressions of excitement as they looked all around the cave, their faces full of the immaturity of youth. They were like young chicks who had just learned to flap their wings and fly out of the nest.


“There’s Fang Yuan…” Similarly, Tie Ruo Nan soon found her target.


Fang Yuan was walking within the group, and although he was looking all around like the rest, his gaze was tranquil and detached. He was like a crane standing in a group of chickens. But if one didn’t pay specific attention to him, they wouldn’t notice anything particularly different from the rest.


However, everyone in the hall right now was concentrating on him, exposing this peculiarity.


“Eh? Fang Yuan is really strange.” Even Gu Yue Bo couldn’t help but reveal a slightly surprised expression.


The scene on the wall changed to when the group of youths reached the sea of flowers.


The Awakening Ceremony began, and each of the youngsters stepped into the underground river and walked towards the sea of flowers on the opposite bank.


The light of the Hope Gu rose and fell.


There were also the elders’ voices which could be clearly heard.


The scenes appeared with such clarity that it felt like they were really there.


First, it was Mo Bei who was found to have B grade aptitude, causing an uproar, then Chi Cheng was also tested to have B grade aptitude.


“It really is strange. This Chi Cheng looks too nervous. His movements are stiff and his skin color is abnormal, it is just that the light in the cave is dim. But if you observe carefully, you can see that something has been applied to his body, and that is what is attracting the Hope Gu. Hehe, he is clearly cheating,” Tie Ruo Nan observed confidently.


But in the next moment, she frowned.


It was Fang Yuan’s turn. He stepped into the river and started moving towards the opposite bank.


The light from the Hope Gu wasn’t vigorous. The greater the expectations, the greater the disappointment, and the sighs from the teens and elders alike could be heard by everyone who was watching.


Everything seemed normal, but Tie Ruo Nan’s frown grew even deeper. Because Fang Yuan was calm the entire time.


For the people present at the ceremony, his back was facing them, and they couldn’t see his expression. However, as Tie Ruo Nan observed as a spectator, she could see his face didn’t change at all, it remained indifferent and cold.


It was as if, as if…he already knew this would happen!


This is impossible! If I were in his shoes, a fifteen-year-old carrying everyone’s expectations, and I was found to have only C grade aptitude, how could I not feel the least bit of frustration, disappointment, and discouragement? How can this be, how can this be!? Tie Ruo Nan’s brow was almost twisted into a knot.


Doubt and suspicion filled her mind, and she even forgot to breathe.


Her heartbeat pounded in her ears as her thoughts roiled.


What is going on?


How could this be?


Wait a moment. Aptitude…could it be?! Tie Ruo Nan suddenly raised her head. With a sudden burst of intuition, an extremely bold and crazy conjecture formed in her mind.


•••


Light and shadow danced on Fang Zheng’s face.


The Awakening Ceremony had been the most important turning point in his life.


Before the Awakening Ceremony, he was lowly and insignificant, a nobody. After it, however, his life had completely changed. He basked in the light and his confidence burst out.


In his memories, the Awakening Ceremony was nothing but a blur; he had passed through it without even realizing it.


Right now, as he observed it as a spectator, complicated emotions rose up in his heart that he couldn’t explain in words.


Fang Zheng looked at himself when it was his turn. He remembered how inferior and weak he had felt at the time.


Soon, he saw how he had tumbled down into the river and struggled to get up, and was pulled up by his big brother Fang Yuan. What a sorry figure he had cut.


A smile appeared on his face. This was his former self, the one who was ridiculed by many!


Then he saw himself walking absent-mindedly towards the opposite bank, and saw his body being enveloped by the light of the Hope Gu, along with the shock and admiration of many.


That time was a moment of glory, a miracle!


With A grade aptitude, his life would no longer be the same from that moment!


“Fang Zheng, I have a question.” Tie Ruo Nan suddenly spoke, breaking Fang Zheng’s recollection.


“What is it? Please ask. I will definitely tell you everything I know,” Fang Zheng turned around with a smile.


“It’s about your big brother. When he pulled you up, I saw his mouth moving, but there was too much noise. What did he say to you? Could you tell me the exact words he said?” Tie Ruo Nan asked with a bright gaze.


“His words…” Fang Zheng tried to recall, “I think he said…something about a road?”


“Right, that was it.” Fang Zheng’s eyes brightened. “I remember it. He said, ‘The road to the future will be interesting’. Huh? Strange, I didn’t think anything of it at the time, but now that I recall it, I think his words contained profound meaning…as if, as if he already knew I had A grade aptitude!”


“No, he didn’t mean your A grade aptitude, but something else.” Tie Ruo Nan’s body trembled, her expression complicated as she let out a breath of turbid air.


