Chapter 1805: First Battle in the River of Time


Immortal Gu House Myriad Year Flying Warship was moving in the River of Time.


Fang Yuan was standing proudly on the bow of the ship with his hands behind his back. He wore a black robe, his hair was long and black, and he was gazing at the endless waves in the River of Time with his dark abyss-like eyes.


Bai Ning Bing and the rest were inside the Immortal Gu House, looking at Fang Yuan who was releasing rank seven aura. Some felt a chill in their hearts, while some realized: No wonder Fang Yuan could rampage till now. If I had rank eight cultivation, I would have already begun ruling an area and proclaimed it to the world, but he is a wolf in sheep’s clothing, not letting go of any chance to deceive the enemy.


There were some who sighed: Both sides have yet to clash, but Fang Yuan has already started to mislead the enemy. This is a confrontation between information and tactics! This battle has already started since Myriad Year Flying Warship appeared in the River of Time.


Fang Yuan had his own plan.


If he could keep his rank eight cultivation a secret, he would not expose it.


Because once it was exposed, the secret of the sovereign immortal body would no longer be hidden.


In the previous life, this secret was exposed, but in this life, this secret seemed to still be undiscovered.


“As for the secret of my rebirth, it will probably be exposed after this battle.” Fang Yuan estimated inwardly.


Let it be exposed then!


Fang Yuan felt it was time for it to be known.




The significance of this battle was extremely huge.


Although Fang Yuan was cautious and careful all along and paid close attention to the ink effect, he would not hesitate when it was time to make a move.


Advancing or retreating, attacking or defending, Fang Yuan was well-versed and experienced in this.


A pavilion was floating in the River of Time.


It was not covered on all four sides, it was very simplistic in appearance. The cover was made of yellow grass, the pillars were grey white rocks that were not polished. There was a folding screen in the pavilion consisting of multiple panels, it was the most elegant decoration in there.


It was the rank seven Immortal Gu House Present and Past Pavilion.


Four Central Continent time path Gu Immortals were standing inside the pavilion, they were the Four Xunzi.


They had detected Myriad Year Flying Warship the moment it appeared.


The Four Xunzi immediately reported this information to Fairy Zi Wei without daring to delay a second.


“Fang Yuan has finally appeared.”




“Yes, we did not waste our time by waiting here for so long.”


“He is still a rank seven, but has a rank eight Immortal Gu House!”


“What Immortal Gu House is this? I have never heard about it.”


“From the looks of it, it should be a time path Immortal Gu House, right?”


The Four Xunzi did not attack immediately.


As far as they were concerned, Present and Past Pavilion was specialized in investigating within the River of Time, they were still very far away from Fang Yuan at this moment. They discovered Fang Yuan but Fang Yuan could not see them.


They were only at rank seven in the end, it was only because they cultivated time path that the supreme Heavenly Court noticed them and stationed them here.


Moreover, the Four Xunzi were not Heavenly Court Gu Immortals, their next course of action would depend on Fairy Zi Wei’s arrangements and commands.


Myriad Year Flying Warship carried Fang Yuan while floating slowly. Fang Yuan was looking at all directions from the bow as if he was searching for something.


“Looks like Fang Yuan is searching for Red Lotus true inheritance.”


“He did not discover us indeed.”


“Lady Zi Wei has not sent a command yet?”


Inside Present and Past Pavilion, the Four Xunzi were tightly observing Fang Yuan.


Heavenly Court.


Fairy Zi Wei was first happy then puzzled.


She was happy that Fang Yuan had finally appeared!


It was less scary when he appeared, the worst was him hiding and doing things secretly.


In truth, every day that Fang Yuan did not appear would increase the mental pressure on Fairy Zi Wei, wondering what evil scheme Fang Yuan was plotting!


But now that Fang Yuan appeared, Fairy Zi Wei finally let out a sigh of relief.


“Good, come! Let me see how much you have grown, I will make good use of this chance to kill you.” Killing intent spread inside Fairy Zi Wei: “As for that rank eight Immortal Gu House, is it your reliance and source of confidence, Fang Yuan?”


Fairy Zi Wei also was somewhat bewildered.


This rank eight Immortal Gu House had appeared with no prior signs!


According to common sense, even a super force would not be able to hide the construction of an Immortal Gu House and there would be many traces left behind. Because there were too many things to gather and prepare.


The construction process of an Immortal Gu House would make quite a bit of commotion and would be discovered by others.


Fang Yuan naturally was not exempted from this. But his accumulation process had happened in his previous life, so Fairy Zi Wei could not sense it.


“How could Fang Yuan suddenly have a time path Immortal Gu House, and it is a rank eight one?”


“What abilities and powers does this ship shaped Immortal Gu House have?”


Thoughts were constantly colliding in Fairy Zi Wei’s mind, Central Great Hall was quickly pervaded with purple qi.


She rapidly deduced and soon came to a decision.


She estimated this Immortal Gu House had limited strength even though it was at rank eight level. Because it had appeared too suddenly and there was no records of such a ship in the history, it was likely a hasty and experimental work of Fang Yuan.


Moreover, whether it was strong or weak, Heavenly Court would still need to probe it and stop Fang Yuan from obtaining Red Lotus’ true inheritances.


Fairy Zi Wei quickly commanded Qing Ye to hurry to the location of Present and Past Pavilion with Eternal Yacht.


An accurate and clear map of the surroundings appeared in her mind.


“When Eternal Yacht meets up with Present and Past Pavilion, they will pincer attack Fang Yuan from the front and back!” Fairy Zi Wei’s gaze shone sharply.


Previously, Present and Past Pavilion was monitoring the River of Time while Eternal Yacht was moving everywhere in search of Red Lotus’ true inheritance. Currently, Eternal Yacht was already rushing over under Fairy Zi Wei’s command.


The Four Xunzi also quickly received Fairy Zi Wei’s command.


“We need to move! Based on Fang Yuan’s speed and direction, he will soon escape Present and Past Pavilion’s detection range.”


“We will attack first and delay Fang Yuan, luring him to this area. Then Eternal Yacht will sneak attack them from behind!”


“Move out!”


The Four Xunzi controlled Present and Past Pavilion to make the River of Time send out waves.


The water waves moved towards Myriad Year Flying Warship like countless soldiers.


“They finally made a move!” Inside Myriad Year Flying Warship, a variant human Gu Immortal said softly and excitedly.


Fang Yuan had intentionally appeared near Present and Past Pavilion to lure them into attacking.


“Lord sect leader is so naughty, he clearly discovered Present and Past Pavilion already but is acting like he did not. The enemy has taken the bait.” Lady White Rabbit’s long eyebrows fluttered, her eyes were glistening brightly like shiny crystals, having learned another sneaky move.


“Hmm?” Fang Yuan gasped lightly, his brows slightly furrowed as he sensed the anomaly in the river.


The slight changes in his expression were seen clearly by the Four Xunzi.


“Fang Yuan discovered something.”


“He is controlling that rank eight Immortal Gu House to move towards us.”


“Relax, we are very far away from him… ah, so fast!”


Myriad Year Flying Warship’s speed greatly shocked the Four Xunzi.


They were still calm and leisurely at the previous moment, but right now, their expression changed, their minds and bodies shook.


Myriad Year Flying Warship was piercing through the waves like a swordfish, charging extremely quickly towards Present and Past Pavilion.


“Increase the intensity!” The eldest among the Four Xunzi, Shang Xunzi, shouted.


Present and Past Pavilion let out dazzling light, tall waves that were dozens of feet high submerged Myriad Year Flying Warship like a tsunami.


Boom! Boom! Boom!


Myriad Year Flying Warship was covered in a silver white light, every time the waves collided with it, its speed increased even more, charging forward like an unmatched sword.


The Four Xunzi’s expressions turned pale, their eyes showing horror.


Fang Yuan’s charge was too quick and too fierce, they felt extremely uneasy now.


Zhong Xunzi shouted: “Quick, use that move.”


The radiance around Present and Past Pavilion turned brighter, it was like a vast light pillar that shot towards the sky.


Under Present and Past Pavilion’s influence, the water around Myriad Year Flying Warship experienced a strange change, turning into a giant whirlpool in the blink of an eye.


The whirlpool spun quickly and was barely able to immobilize Myriad Year Flying Warship.


The Four Xunzi finally let out a sigh of relief.


“We finally immobilized it.”


“This Immortal Gu House is so fast, it crossed such a large distance in just a few breaths of time.”


“But it is already trapped by us now.”


“Let’s probe what abilities it has.”


The whirlpool rotated even faster, waves changed, turning into the shape of sawteeth.


Countless sawteeth moved around Myriad Year Flying Warship, biting and sawing at Myriad Year Flying Warship.


Myriad Year Flying Warship was trapped in the center of the whirlpool but Fang Yuan’s expression was cold and uncaring.


Xun Guo Zi revealed a frightened expression: “Such a sturdy Immortal Gu House, the sawtooth whirlpool is actually unable to break its defensive light!”


Xia Xunzi patted Xun Guo Zi’s shoulder and comforted: “Relax, it has not even been ten breaths of time, it will definitely crumble apart once it is bitten and sawed for a longer time!”


Although he said this, the Four Xunzi were inwardly astonished.


They were deeply aware of the power that this sawtooth whirlpool killer move had, this move was the strongest offensive method of Present and Past Pavilion, ordinary Gu Immortals would be cut into pieces in a blink of an eye, even the Four Xunzi could not last three breaths of time. Even Present and Past Pavilion would be unstable if it entered the whirlpool and a large amount of its Gu worms would immediately die. But Myriad Year Flying Warship was completely intact and even looked like it was doing quite well?


The Four Xunzi felt a chill rising up their backs.


“It is a rank eight Immortal Gu House after all!”


“Where has Eternal Yacht reached now?”


“No, the situation is bad!” Xun Guo Zi suddenly shouted.


The other three Xunzi quickly looked ahead, they saw the water surrounding Myriad Year Flying Warship change rapidly, the original sawtooth whirlpool transformed into rapids that shone in a silver-white color.


The rapids moved under Myriad Year Flying Warship and enlarged by over ten times within a few seconds.


“Present and Past Pavilion has methods to control the river water, how could our Myriad Year Flying Warship not have them!” The variant human Gu Immortals laughed loudly inside the ship.


“Kill.” Fang Yuan gave an indifferent command.


Boom!


Like a torrential waterfall or a flash flood, the rapids around Myriad Year Flying Warship surged and expanded as it moved forward.


Myriad Year Flying Warship was pushed forward by the rapids, easily breaking past the ruined sawtooth whirlpool and charging towards the Four Xunzi with surging momentum.


The Four Xunzi took in breaths of cold air, the sawtooth whirlpool that they had put their hopes in had only held back Myriad Year Flying Warship for less than fifty breaths of time.




