Chapter 1806: Zi Wei At A Loss


“It is coming!”


“Block it!!”


“Increase the power of Present and Past Pavilion to the maximum!”


With chaotic thoughts, Four Xunzi exerted Present and Past Pavilion to its limits, the screen in the pavilion emitted dense smoke and the light pillar that shot out was almost solid.


Myriad Year Flying Warship neared Present and Past Pavilion.


“Ram into it.” Fang Yuan sneered, standing arrogantly on the bow of the boat.


But at the next moment, Present and Past Pavilion retaliated with all its strength, sharply slowing down Myriad Year Flying Warship’s charging momentum.


“Killer move — Slowdown?” Fang Yuan was familiar with this move, under his command, the silver light around Myriad Year Flying Warship suddenly concentrated.


Swoosh!


With a light sound, Present and Past Pavilion’s killer move was broken, Myriad Year Flying Warship’s speed was restored and it collided with Present and Past Pavilion.


Present and Past Pavilion was not specialized in defense, Fang Yuan had destroyed it by himself back then, and now, it collided with the sturdier and faster Myriad Year Flying Warship, it shattered immediately.




The pavilion roof was sent flying, the pillars crumbled, the screens were shattered, the pavilion base was reduced to fragments.


The Four Xunzi coughed out a large amount of blood and fell down into the River of Time.


Without the protection of Present and Past Pavilion, the Four Xunzi lost the ability to retaliate against Fang Yuan. In just a short while, they were all killed by Fang Yuan.


They were at rank seven, and like Liu Hao, had not joined Heavenly Court, so they still had their own immortal apertures.


Their Immortal Gu, however, were all detonated.


Fang Yuan had just collected their corpses as well as the scattered Immortal Gu when Eternal Yacht arrived.


Rank eight Gu Immortal Qing Ye was standing on Eternal Yacht, his expression immediately changed when he saw the Four Xunzi’s corpses on the deck of Myriad Year Flying Warship: “Fang Yuan, you demon, I will make you pay with your life!”


Fang Yuan turned around and smiled: “Here comes another one seeking death.”


There was no exchange of words, the rapids under Myriad Year Flying Warship surged and rushed towards Eternal Yacht.


Its violent and sharp movement immediately caused a disturbance among the Gu Immortals in Eternal Yacht.




Bursting veins bulged on Qing Ye’s forehead, he rubbed it but still sent out a wise command: “We will avoid it, don’t fight head-on with this rank eight Immortal Gu House.”


The Four Xunzi were dead but the battle details had already been sent, Fairy Zi Wei and Qing Ye knew much information about Myriad Year Flying Warship.


However, would be it easy for Eternal Yacht to escape?


Myriad Year Flying Warship’s speed rose, breaking the limits it showed before.


Although this Immortal Gu House was called a warship, it had the shape of a boat, it moved like a silver comet now, rapidly surfing along the River of Time!


Eternal Yacht had the form of a multi-storied ship, it was much larger than Myriad Year Flying Warship, but it was not fast. How could it be able to dodge?


Boom!


With a huge sound, Eternal Yacht shook as a large hole was smashed in its front hull from which the inside could be seen clearly.


Fang Yuan’s Myriad Year Flying Warship had directly pierced through Eternal Yacht!


“How is this possible?”


“We had already activated the strongest defensive method of Eternal Yacht, but it could not block even one attack!”


The fact was so horrifying that Qing Ye was staring with wide eyes.


“Lord, that damned Fang Yuan is charging over again.” The Gu Immortals inside Eternal Yacht shouted in fright.


They had just spoken when Myriad Year Flying Warship smashed into Eternal Yacht again.


Eternal Yacht shook intensely, Qing Ye lost his balance and staggered. His battle intent was shaking, how could he beat this?


Eternal Yacht’s Gu worms suffered enormous damage, the entire place would directly collapse after another few collisions.


Many Gu Immortals were pale with cold sweat all over their faces. Fortunately, they heard Qing Ye’s command at this time: “Retreat!”


Eternal Yacht turned around and retreated decisively.


“Can you escape?” Fang Yuan smiled coldly.


Boom boom boom!


Myriad Year Flying Warship collided into Eternal Yacht time after time, Eternal Yacht used its killer moves to retaliate but Fang Yuan had already prepared restraining methods.


Know yourself and your enemy, and you will never be defeated.


As long as Heavenly Court did not have any huge change, Fang Yuan would definitely be the final winner!


The outcome of this battle had been decided from the start.


Therefore, when Eternal Yacht was destroyed and Qing Ye fell into the River of Time, Fang Yuan’s side was not surprised.


“Kill him!” Without needing Fang Yuan’s command, many Gu Immortals inside the warship shouted simultaneously.


Killing intent surged, Myriad Year Flying Warship submerged into the river and rammed at Qing Ye like a vicious shark.


Qing Ye put all his strength in activating defensive methods.


But as a dark path Gu Immortal, he was greatly suppressed in the River of Time.


Boom!


Myriad Year Flying Warship directly destroyed the dark shield and sent him flying.


Qing Ye coughed out a large amount of blood and tried to move to the surface while enduring the intense pain.


The river surface was right in his sight when he made a horrifying discovery, Myriad Year Flying Warship was already waiting for him.


Boom!


There was another huge sound, Myriad Year Flying Warship directly slammed down on Qing Ye’s head with its base.


A large part of Qing Ye’s skull caved in, the enormous force transmitted through his whole body, shattering his spine, rib bones and other parts.


Gurgle gurgle!


A large amount of water of the River of Time entered through his mouth.


The huge collision slammed him down to the depths of the river like a ball.


“Still not dead?” Bing Yuan was stunned at Qing Ye’s stubborn vitality.


“Then, we just have to do it again!” The eyes of the rockman tribe first supreme elder were bloodshot with killing intent.


Taking advantage of the enemy when he was weakened, Myriad Year Flying Warship was like a killer launching a deadly pursuit.


Boom!


With the third collision, Qing Ye was heavily injured once again.


From his right shoulder to his chest, most of his body was smashed into pulp and his organs were completely destroyed.


Qing Ye stared rigidly at Myriad Year Flying Warship, he wanted to struggle but had no strength left.


Finally, he lost his life, becoming a floating corpse.


“He is dead, he really died!”


“This is a rank eight Gu Immortal.”


“We really killed him?!”


The variant human Gu Immortals cheered in joy, even Bai Ning Bing, Hei Lou Lan and the rest were visibly moved, Fairy Miao Yin and Lady White Rabbit were also very excited.


A battle merit like killing a rank eight Gu Immortal was simply too rare. Despite using many external influences, this battle merit was enough for them to boast about it their whole lives.


Fang Yuan collected Qing Ye’s corpse, it was a pity his soul had already dispersed.


“This Qing Ye is quite a fierce person, he actually destroyed his own soul at the end!”


“But this physical body is also an excellent immortal material and it will help me research phantom path.”


Heavenly Court grasped the supreme profundities of phantom path.


Precisely so, after the Heavenly Court members contributed their immortal aperture, they could obtain a phantom aperture and leave Heavenly Court to fight outside.


Once a Heavenly Court Gu Immortal died, the phantom aperture would automatically dissipate along with the Gu worms, even the dao marks would disappear.


In short, even if one won against a Heavenly Court Gu Immortal, they would reap few benefits.


But after annexing Lang Ya blessed land, Lang Ya land spirit had informed Fang Yuan that the corpses of Heavenly Court Gu Immortals would retain the supreme profundity of phantom path. If Fang Yuan could comprehend some phantom path mysteries from these corpses, he might be able to decipher Heavenly Court’s phantom path method and even have a hold on Heavenly Court.


Even if he could not do anything to Heavenly Court, Fang Yuan could use this phantom path method on himself.


With the phantom aperture method, Fang Yuan could control Ying Wu Xie and the rest even more strictly, this was the best weapon to ensure loyalty.


Myriad Year Flying Warship continued to sweep through the battlefield.


Fang Yuan’s side was joyous, their long training was finally paying off. In this battle, they destroyed two Immortal Gu Houses and over ten Gu Immortals.


Present and Past Pavilion had the Four Xunzi while there were even more Gu Immortals in Eternal Yacht.


Immortal Gu Houses were developed from immortal formations, they needed to be jointly controlled by many Gu Immortals for them to be flexible and comprehensive. Some Immortal Gu Houses had extremely strict requirements on the amount of Gu Immortals, there could not be one more or one less.


Very few Immortal Gu Houses could be controlled by just one person.


None of these Gu Immortals managed to escape with their lives, they were all gathered, corpses put to one side and their souls suppressed.


The battle ended but Fang Yuan was not in a hurry to leave, instead, he patrolled around the river while waiting to see if there would be reinforcements from Heavenly Court.


Lady White Rabbit, Bing Yuan, Shi Zong, and other Gu Immortals discussed. They were still excited and their topic of discussion was mostly centered on the rank eight Gu Immortal Qing Ye.


Speaking of which, Qing Ye was quite unlucky.


Eternal Yacht was destroyed and he was highly restricted in the River of Time, it was quite amazing for him to be able to display twenty to thirty percent of his skills.


This was the area with the greatest amount of time path dao marks in the whole world.


Because of this, time path methods were extremely easy to use here and their might was also amplified. But other methods like great thief ghost hand, reverse flow protection seal and so on were greatly suppressed.


Heavenly Court.


Fairy Zi Wei’s expression was pale and her gaze was somewhat dazed.


She obtained the latest battle information.


“Fang Yuan controlled the rank eight Immortal Gu House and destroyed both Present and Past Pavilion and Eternal Yacht, even Qing Ye was killed?”


Fairy Zi Wei felt a deep sense of disbelief.


She was still planning on giving commands, even if they could not kill Fang Yuan, they could drive him off.


But the two greatest sources of battle strength that she relied on were eliminated so soon.


“This battle was decided way too quickly!”


“This does not make any sense.”


Present and Past Pavilion and Eternal Yacht might only be at rank seven, but they were both outstanding among their peers, their structure was highly ingenious and they possessed plenty of comprehensive methods.


If not for this, Fairy Zi Wei would not have mobilized the two Immortal Gu Houses to besiege Fang Yuan.


So what was the problem?


“Reviewing the battle information, Fang Yuan’s mysterious Immortal Gu House might be at rank eight but has limited methods. Besides controlling the water of the River of Time to speed up itself, its strongest aspect was physical toughness.”


Myriad Year Flying Warship’s fighting method could be described in one word, collision.


If two words were used, hard collision.


If three words, sped up collision.


This battle tactic was clearly extremely straightforward and simple, but why did it succeed?


That was because during the fight, the methods of Present and Past Pavilion and Eternal Yacht, especially the defensive measures, were instantly destroyed by Fang Yuan!


Fairy Zi Wei stood up from her seat.


She was unable to keep sitting.


A thin layer of cold sweat had appeared on her forehead: “Looks like Fang Yuan has truly been reborn! He has an extremely deep understanding of Present and Past Pavilion and Eternal Yacht, he also prepared the most effective methods against their killer moves. Thus, they appeared fragile and looked like they did not even have strength to retaliate!”


Just like Fang Yuan expected, Fairy Zi Wei, who already had heavy doubts before, was now certain Fang Yuan had been reborn.


“What do we do?”


“Fang Yuan has a rank eight Immortal Gu House now and can move around the River of Time while my side’s three Immortal Gu Houses are still in the construction process.”


“Should I halt the construction? Since he has been reborn, he is probably familiar with these three Immortal Gu Houses.”


“If I halt the construction and switch to other Immortal Gu Houses, would it be too late?”


“Fang Yuan definitely entered the River of Time to search for Red Lotus’ true inheritances. If he succeeds, it will be extremely bad, the consequences will be much worse than the defeat in Lang Ya blessed land!”


At this instant, the ever so resourceful Fairy Zi Wei was at a loss for what to do.




