Chapter 181: By an Odd Twist


“Lady Tie, what do you mean?” Fang Zheng did not understand.


Tie Ruo Nan pointed at the wall. “Look at Fang Yuan! Don’t you think he is way too calm? A normal person would definitely show some kind of reaction if they found out that they had C grade talent while their blood-related brother had A grade. But him? Not a trace of emotion! The praise and mockery of others cannot move his heart. Don’t you find this strange?”


Her words drew everyone’s attention.


As the scene replayed, everyone was focused on Fang Yuan’s silhouette.


He stood among the crowd, alone, upright. A dark shadow engulfed half his body.


And then, in sharp contrast.


His own brother, Fang Zheng, walked step by step, his body bathed in the Hope Gu’s pure white light.


In that moment, the elder and younger brothers had swapped identities. The former fell from grace, engulfed in shadow. The latter was blessed by fate, shining brilliantly.


“A mere fifteen-year-old boy went through such a catastrophic change. And yet, on him there is no trace of disappointment, confusion, or jealousy. Calmly, he stands among the crowd, silently watching. As though he was an outsider, as though he was watching a show,” Tie Ruo Nan said.


Yes.


Fang Yuan watched silently.


As the shadows engulfed half his body, his face was expressionless, his skin the normal pale color of youth.


Gu Yue Bo stared at the wall, solemn.


Fang Zheng felt a strong chill emerge from deep within his body.


Brother, what in the world are you…


“Even if he had some level of expectation towards the result of the ceremony, he would still be moved, and he definitely wouldn’t be this calm. When I used the Cactus Pointer, I thought the word ‘aptitude’ referred to Chi Cheng. But now that I think about it, it might not refer to him, but rather to Fang Yuan!” Tie Ruo Nan said.


“Lady Tie, what do you mean? I don’t understand.” Fang Zheng was more confused.


Tie Ruo Nan raised a finger. “There is only one reason that Fang Yuan would be so calm: it is that he has a trump card. Only one situation would cause him to not be jealous: it is that he has something greater. If two people are walking together and one of them finds a primeval stone, the only reason the other would not be jealous is if they find ten or a hundred. Only then would they remain calm. Fang Yuan is like that.”


“Are you saying Fang Yuan cheated and concealed his true aptitude? He is not C grade?” Gu Yue Bo understood Tie Ruo Nan’s words. “But if he were A or B grade, why would he not display it outright?”


“Fang Yuan has shown great wisdom since he was very young!” Tie Ruo Nan’s lips curled into a smile as she radiated utter confidence. “Over the last few days, I’ve read some of his poems. With such visions and aspirations, even Father was full of praise for him. Such a genius naturally has their own schemes.”


Gu Yue Bo shook his head. “Just this alone doesn’t confirm anything. The difference in treatment between concealing his aptitude and revealing it is vast. Even if he didn’t know at the start, he should have understood that after a year in the academy.”


“Of course he knew, that’s why he did not dare to reveal it,” Tie Ruo Nan said with a hint of decisiveness.


“What do you mean?” Gu Yue Bo was also lost.


“Clan Leader.” Tie Ruo Nan turned around, looking at Gu Yue Bo solemnly. “Do you know of Ren Zu’s ten children?”


Gu Yue Bo was stunned for a moment. Then he understood what she meant.


HE WAS SHOCKED!


His eyes widened and his mouth opened wide. He no longer had a single trace of his usual authoritative demeanor.


This was the first time Fang Zheng had seen Gu Yue Bo in such a state.


Ren Zu’s ten children. The first-born and eldest son, Verdant Great Sun; the second-born and eldest daughter, Desolate Ancient Moon…the ten children’s aptitude defied heaven, thus heaven was wary and did not grant them long lives. In the Gu world, the ten children also represented the ten most potent aptitudes!


The Ten Extreme Physiques!


“Ren Zu’s ten children each died one by one, and eventually, Ren Zu was also about to die of old age. But at the end, Ren Zu gathered the corpses of his ten children, and first threw them, and then himself, into the stomach of Derivation Gu. Derivation Gu’s stomach burst, scattering countless humans across the land. These were the first mortals. They did not have Ren Zu’s or the ten children’s talent, but they could cultivate and awaken their apertures. Humanity grew and developed from that day until now. Of course, that is just a mythological story.


“But according to the story, we are the descendants of Ren Zu and his children! We have their bloodlines in us!” Tie Ruo Nan continued. “But most people have diluted bloodlines, or their ancestors have intermarried and their bloodlines clash and restrict each other, their potential dormant. But some people, by chance, have stronger bloodlines, and as they age or cultivate, it emerges. The result is one of the Ten Extreme Physiques!”


“What are the Ten Extreme Physiques?” Fang Zheng asked.


“Don’t tell me, Fang Yuan has one of them?!” Gu Yue Bo was stunned.


“Very likely so! Only such aptitude would cause Fang Yuan to be so calm and not have much need for cultivation resources. And only aptitude surpassing A grade would cause Fang Yuan to not display a hint of jealousy, and only one of the Ten Extreme Physiques would cause him to conceal his aptitude. He feared being killed, so he chose to hide it!” Tie Ruo Nan spoke quickly.


Even Tie Xue Leng would not think of rebirth, not to mention a youth like Tie Ruo Nan. Under all sorts of coincidences, she managed to create a conjecture that was the complete opposite of the truth.


Everyone was dumbfounded.


Her analysis was grounded in reason, causing everyone there to believe it. If it wasn’t true, then what else could it be?


Yes, yes! The Ten Extreme Physiques, Ten Extreme Physiques…it has to be the Desolate Ancient Moon Physique!


Gu Yue Bo’s heart was in turmoil, and he was so excited that his body shuddered.


Others were unaware, but he had read the clan’s secret history and knew many ancient secrets.


Hundreds of years ago, the founder established the village here and named it Gu Yue Village. But the founder’s surname was not Gu Yue!


Why did he pick the name “Gu Yue”? It was a mystery.


But before the founder died, he once said, “The bloodline shall be passed down, a plan spanning centuries. Before Desolate Ancient Moon, the world shall tremble!”


In his will, he predicted that the Gu Yue Clan would one day produce a Gu Master with the Desolate Ancient Moon Physique! They would cause the world to tremble and bring the Gu Yue Clan to a new golden age! His will also mentioned that, if one day such a person appeared, they should be brought to the Blood Lake Graveyard.


As the clan leader, Gu Yue Bo knew the weakness of the Ten Extreme Physiques, but after studying the will deeply, it seemed that the founder knew a method to curb this weakness. And this method was kept in his coffin in the graveyard, interred with him in eternal slumber.


If the Desolate Ancient Moon Physique had really appeared, he must be taken to the coffin…


To think that Gu Yue Fang Yuan is that prophesied genius — the Desolate Ancient Moon Physique! Gu Yue Bo screamed in his heart.


“This cannot be. How could he cheat right in front of everyone?” Fang Zheng was completely taken aback. He shook his head, unable to accept this theory.


Tie Ruo Nan looked at him in pity. “If even Chi Cheng could cheat, why couldn’t Fang Yuan? The Ten Extreme Physiques have endless potential, unlimited possibilities. Maybe Fang Yuan awakened early due to his physique, and maybe that’s how he deceived the Bamboo Gentleman. Maybe Jia Jin Sheng found out Fang Yuan’s secret, and that’s why Fang Yuan killed him.”


“Lady Tie, watch your words.” Gu Yue Bo’s gaze hardened, and his tone was low. “Do not speak mindlessly. Whether Fang Yuan killed Jia Jin Sheng is not yet confirmed. Fang Yuan is my clansman, and even if he did do it, how we answer to the Jia family is also our concern. You are only here to investigate the case.”


The Gu Yue clan leader’s attitude had performed a one-eighty.


Before, he had thought Fang Yuan was a C grade talent, a waste of any investment. But now, Fang Yuan was the Desolate Ancient Moon Physique?!


Now that it involved the founder’s will and prophecy, his value had completely changed.


He had to be protected! Even if the Jia family was offended, there would be no regret!


Shit. How shameless is this clan leader to change his attitude so quickly?! I should not have revealed the truth of the Ten Extreme Physiques so soon. Since they surpass even A grade talent, it seems he wants to protect Fang Yuan now. This will make solving the case much harder. What do I do now, Father?


Tie Ruo Nan’s heart sank. Gritting her teeth, she subconsciously turned to look at her father.


“Eh, where’d Father go?” The young girl was stunned.


The Divine Investigator had still been around not long ago, but in the blink of an eye, he had vanished.


This discovery caused Gu Yue Bo to tense up.


Where would Tie Xue Leng have gone right now? Gu Yue Bo naturally thought it would be related to Fang Yuan.


“Fang Zheng, I am going to look for your brother. Go inform the other elders that they should gather and find me!” Leaving behind his instructions, Gu Yue Bo activated a Gu worm and flew out the window.


Tie Ruo Nan snorted, running out of the room towards Fang Yuan’s residence.


The hall was empty save for Fang Zheng.


“How…how can this be?!”


Fang Zheng looked terrible. His face was pale and his body trembled, as though he would fall over at any moment.


He felt that his world was covered in darkness.


He felt his world collapsing!


How could this happen?


Brother has one of the Ten Extreme Physiques? My A grade talent is nothing compared to him! I am a complete failure compared to him!


As his mind raced, Fang Zheng’s tears fell.


At that moment, life seemed to drain out of him.


All this time, his greatest achievement was beating Fang Yuan in aptitude. All his confidence was built upon this. But now, he had been told a cruel fact: his aptitude was nothing compared to his brother!


The source of his pride had been shattered.


The confidence he had built up after so long collapsed in an instant.


BIG BROTHER! He raised his head, allowing his tears to flow like a river.


He screamed in his heart, From beginning to end, you’ve been watching a show! Was it fun seeing me jump like a clown?


Out of the corner of his eye, he could see the video playing on the wall.


As the images flashed and moved, countless voices praised Fang Zheng’s performance. But Fang Yuan stood there, alone in the crowd, his face calm as he watched.


Peacefully watching, just like that…


Fang Zheng suddenly felt that his own figure in the video, covered in the light of hope, was so childish, so gaudy. Fang Yuan’s calm, black eyes were filled with divinity.


His form seemed to grow, becoming taller and taller, until it could not be surpassed, until it was as high as a mountain, reaching into the clouds.


Those calm eyes stared at him from that mountain high up in the sky, watching Fang Zheng’s pathetic figure below.


It was like those eyes were saying, Fang Zheng, my laughable little brother, you won’t do, you won’t do, won’t do…


It echoed in Fang Zheng’s heart.


He felt a weight in his chest, so great that he felt like he was suffocating.


He thought that he’d gotten rid of this feeling, but today, it assaulted his heart once again.


In fact, it was a hundred times worse than before!


AHHHHHH! I’m going to die, I’m going to die! Fang Zheng’s face twitched, veins popping on his forehead. He was drowning in his delusions, gripping his own throat tightly.


He fell to the ground, kneeling.


His face went red from a lack of oxygen, his eyes bulging, his mouth open and gasping for air.


No! I don’t want to die, I really don’t want to die!! His other hand scraped at the floor tiles so hard that his nails broke and bled. The intense pain increased his desire to live!


Though his body was uninjured, his heart had suffered a fatal blow.


He could not get up, for the pride sustaining him had already shattered.


He felt so ashamed that he wanted to hide from everyone. He was unable to face reality, to face his older brother. He had become a huge joke, an ironic clown.


His heart was like ash, but embers yet flickered within.


So what if he has one of the Ten Extreme Physiques? Brother, you did something wrong. You killed someone, you should not have done so! Right, that’s right! You have to pay for the sin of murder. Big Brother, you killed Jia Jin Sheng, right? You walked on the wrong path, you did something wrong! So what if your aptitude is better than mine?!


His ears were ringing.


A fire started to burn in Fang Zheng’s heart.


The dying embers resurrected!


The hand gripping his throat gradually relaxed.


Fang Zheng’s body was covered in sweat as he kneeled on the ground, supported by one hand, the other bloody from grabbing at the tiles.


Droplets of sweat dripped from his face and nose.


His distorted, horrifying visage gradually grew calm.


A gust of wind blew through the open door and windows and through the hall.


The cold night breeze stimulated his body, and he shuddered.


“HEHEHEHEHEHEHE…” Fang Zheng lay halfway on the ground as he laughed, his voice shrill and eerie.


The light of the fire flickered in the wind, shining on the young man’s face. But rather than conveying warmth and brightness, it resembled nothing but a devil’s dance.


