Chapter 1818: Heavenly Courts Righteousness


Blood qi was very easy to obtain! One could get a bunch from killing mortal beasts and using blood path methods to extract them. By raising desolate beasts in the immortal aperture, there would be an endless supply of immortal material blood qi.


Precisely because blood path resources were easily obtainable, blood path was incredibly threatening, the righteous path of the five regions prohibited it.


If it were other immortal materials, Fang Zheng might get help from the sect, but this was just blood qi, and Fang Zheng did not need a lot.


In Fang Zheng’s case, it was just a little troublesome to obtain the blood qi that he needed, he only had to spend some time.


Thinking about this, Fang Zheng informed Fan Xi Liu of his plan, because of his unique identity, he could not leave Fei He Mountain casually.


After Fan Xi Liu learned about it, he gave Fang Zheng a mission: “Perfect timing! There is a golden mountain ox at the northwest area wreaking havoc, go and settle that issue. Kill or enslave it, if you can capture it alive, you will get double the sect contribution points.”


Fang Zheng’s heart shook, the golden mountain ox was a desolate beast, he had never fought against a desolate beast before.


But soon, he felt a little excitement in his heart as he agreed.


Fang Zheng was no longer the young lad from before, he had gone through many hurdles in Lang Ya blessed land, after thinking about it, he made up his mind.


He did not head to the golden mountain ox immediately, he went to the information tower of Immortal Crane Sect.


White Crane Information Tower was an Immortal Gu House with nine floors, it was situated at a secluded area on the mountainside of Fei He Mountain.




It was covered in deep fog and lush greenery.


Fang Zheng flew over on a crane.


Even though he cultivated blood path, he had been tutored in Immortal Crane Sect and was the disciple of Lord Sky Crane, he was familiar with the manipulation of flying cranes.


When he was in Lang Ya blessed land, he had participated in the huge war of three continents, he did not have a chance to subdue cranes, but he still retained his interest in them.


But due to a twist of fate, he was saved by Feng Jiu Ge and returned to Immortal Crane Sect, because Heavenly Court decided to nurture him, he became an immortal.


With Gu Immortal cultivation level, he even became a supreme elder of Immortal Crane Sect, Fang Zheng easily obtained a crane for himself as a movement tool.


Before White Crane Information Tower, there were no guards, only two desolate beast cranes were resting here. If anything happened, these cranes would appear and act as guardians.


Fang Zheng rode on his crane as he got near White Crane Information Tower, the flying crane below him started shivering as its vocalizations became jittery.


Fang Zheng could not help but sigh: “This flying crane is a rank five mutated beast, when I was in Immortal Crane Sect in the past, I felt that it was incredibly powerful, but now, it is nothing special.”


“The difference between immortal and mortal is truly too great.”




After Fang Zheng landed in front of White Crane Information Tower, his crane almost fell down from fear.


Fang Zheng sighed as he kept it in his immortal aperture.


He had the status of a supreme elder, White Crane Information Tower was open to him without question, Fang Zheng stepped in.


Every floor of the information tower had a large number of information path mortal Gu.


If Fang Zheng wanted to obtain information from them, he would need to exchange for it using sect contribution points.


The information tower itself could store information, but Immortal Crane Sect would not do that. Because if the tower got destroyed, the information would also be ruined. This information tower was an Immortal Gu House that only managed one aspect, it was like Heavenly Court’s Immortal Gu Houses, it only had the power of information path.


If it were a complete Immortal Gu House, having both offense and defense, it would not need two desolate beast white cranes to defend it.


Fang Zheng had no foundation in information path, he could not see the mysteries of this tower. But he could guess that this tower had some sort of arrangement towards preserving, transporting, and destroying these Gu worms.


White Crane Information Tower had the ability to collect and update information, most types of intelligence could be found in it.


Of course, true secrets could only be obtained by the higher-ups.


Even though Fang Zheng was a supreme elder, he could not become a higher-up of Immortal Crane Sect. Because of his special identity, he was excluded by the rest of them.


In the past, Fang Zheng was still ignorant and innocent, but after these years, he had understood these politics.


He did not feel proud for having this understanding, instead he only had a bitter smile.


He could now understand the circumstances that Fang Yuan faced back in Qing Mao Mountain. With Fang Yuan’s situation back then, he was not welcomed by the higher-ups, in order to get stronger, he could only use schemes and robbery.


“The truth is, since the creation of Immortal Crane Sect, haven’t they been doing this all along? They occupy lots of resources, many of these resource points were once owned by demonic path or lone immortals.”


“And even though Heavenly Court is known for righteousness, that is not entirely true. Looking at history, all of its territory was snatched away from variant humans.”


“Heavenly Court only represents the righteousness of humanity.” Fang Zheng thought to himself.


Other Central Continent righteous path Gu Immortals would not think like this normally, it was a heretical idea.


But Fang Zheng had lived with the hairy men. Even though he was ostracized, he had truly felt the culture and living habits of the hairy men, he understood them.


How could other Gu Immortals live and grow in an environment dominated by variant humans?


His unique experience gave Fang Zheng a unique perspective. All his hardship in the past had now become his wealth, even though his vision was not broad, it was unique.


“But one’s position determines one’s views and behavior, I still prefer the righteousness of Heavenly Court.” Fang Zheng smiled bitterly as he inspected the information.


“Desolate beast golden mountain ox, hmm, this is the one.” He went up several floors as he found the corresponding information path mortal Gu.


After his divine sense looked into it, he gained waves of information.


The golden mountain ox was large as a mountain, it was a female-only species and liked to eat metal essence. After eating several hundred kilograms of metal essence, it would enter a cave and sleep.


“Eat and sleep, sleep and eat?” That’s a good life.” Fang Zheng laughed.


He continued to look: “The horn is the most valuable part of the golden mountain ox’s body. Every hundred years, the horn grows by ten feet, it will continue to grow and extend, curving until it coils around the entire head, neck, and stomach. After it reaches the stomach, the sharp horns will turn into thick leather skin. As long as the ox moves its head, it would pull forward and cut the skin of its womb, the descendants that are called golden calves will jump out of this wound and become born.”


Fang Zheng’s eyes flickered as he muttered: “This reproduction method is quite like rockmen.”


Fang Zheng continued to look.


After the golden mountain ox gives birth, because the wound is huge, it would be in great pain, it would cry out loudly as it bleeds profusely.


If newly born golden calves choose to lick the wound of the mother, the dao marks on their tongue would heal the golden mountain ox rapidly, until they fully recover.


But if they choose not to, the mother would die. The calves can drink the blood of their mother and become stronger rapidly, passing the weak period of being a calf quickly.


“Very interesting!” Fang Zheng sighed to himself.


The life of a golden mountain ox was to eat and sleep. This meant that after giving birth, if the calves choose to save the mother, she would not take care of them, after ingesting lots of food, she would hibernate.


For the calves’ own survival, it was more beneficial to not save the mother.


Thus, most calves would watch as their mothers die, only a small portion would lick the wound and save her.


“When an ox gives birth, it often means a tragedy. But for survival, this is necessary, but I still like those calves who save their mothers more.”


Fang Zheng watched as he decided on his plan.


He left the information tower, his confidence in this sect mission was completely different from before he saw the information.


He decided to target the golden mountain ox’s habits.


Didn’t it like to eat metal essence?


Then he would make some metal essence, like how people used fish bait to fish, he would use metal essence to bait the ox!


Fang Zheng had above average strength, having familiarized himself with many blood path immortal killer moves during this period of time inside his immortal aperture, he was able to fight against the golden mountain ox now.


But if he could use half his strength, why would he go all out?


The best way was to fight the enemy with wisdom, using all the advantages that he could find, to preserve his remaining strength for possible accidents.


This was the habit that Fang Zheng had gained after the countless battles in his mortal life.


Days later, Fang Zheng arrived at his destination.


He entered the valley stealthily, leaving behind a large amount of metal essence at the area where the golden mountain ox often roamed around.


When the golden mountain ox came nearby, it sniffed as brilliance shined in its eyes, it quickly discovered the deeply buried metal essence.


The golden mountain ox started to use its hooves and horns to dig.


Rocks were tossed as dust clouds rose, the metal essence was quickly excavated, the joyful golden mountain ox started to devour it.


“I did it!” Fang Zheng watched personally, he was secretly overjoyed.


He waited patiently for the golden mountain ox that had eaten its fill to go back to the cave and sleep.


Three days later, the golden mountain ox’s cries could be heard from within the cave.


Fang Zheng who was sleeping woke up in shock, after reacting, he cheered: “The poison has finally spread, it is working now.”


But he did not enter the cave, he waited outside patiently.


The intense pain of the poison made the golden mountain ox go berserk, it rampaged in the cave, causing the entire mountain to shake, the surrounding forest went into chaos as a large number of living creatures scattered.


After a long while, the commotion in the cave gradually calmed down.


Fang Zheng entered the cave now and fought intensely against the half crippled golden mountain ox.


After some time, seeing that the golden mountain ox was completely agitated, Fang Zheng left the cave.


Fighting against the golden mountain ox in the cave was too dangerous, if it caved in, even as a rank six Gu Immortal, Fang Zheng would be in trouble.


And Fang Zheng was here to capture the golden mountain ox alive, he did not want to destroy the area and cause all the living creatures to lose their homes.


Fang Zheng left the cave, the golden mountain ox followed.


The two fought in the valley, eventually, Fang Zheng used the killer move blood turns cold to freeze the golden mountain ox and captured it alive.


However, when he was about to send the golden mountain ox into his immortal aperture, a strong aura surged from the body of this golden mountain ox.


At the same time, a bronze-gold cauldron forced its way out of the golden mountain ox’s body.


“This is?!” Fang Zheng was deeply shocked.


At the next moment, a rank eight Gu Immortal flew out of the golden cauldron.


“Spirituality hides within the metal essence, divine light slumbers for three hundred thousand years.”


“Owing to great fortune I see the light of day, with thanks to the martyr of righteous blood.”


This female rank eight immortal sang slowly as she landed in front of Fang Zheng, smiling at him: “Little friend, you are the one who awakened me?”


Fang Zheng was dumbfounded, he had not anticipated such a situation!




