Chapter 182: Blood Lake Graveyard


“There’s no one here!” Turning the house upside down, Gu Yue Bo did not find Fang Yuan anywhere. A massive weight seemed to press down on his chest. With both Fang Yuan and Tie Xue Leng having suddenly disappeared, he easily put two and two together.


“Speak, where is Fang Yuan?” Gu Yue Bo’s face was grim as he screamed at Tie Ruo Nan, who had just arrived.


“How would I know where Fang Yuan is?” Tie Ruo Nan’s attitude was firm. Even against a rank four expert, she did not relent.


“Hmph, why did Tie Xue Leng go missing? Lady Tie, can you give me an explanation?” Gu Yue Bo said as he approached her.


The young girl was also somewhat confused. The truth was that this case had been very peculiar from the start.


The original plan was that her father and her would come here next year. But earlier this year, Tie Xue Leng had been solving another case when a white crane suddenly descended from the sky carrying a letter.


After seeing this letter, Tie Xue Leng changed his plans and put down the case at hand, heading immediately towards Qing Mao Mountain.


If not for the letter, the Divine Investigator would not have arrived so early.


As his daughter, Tie Ruo Nan knew her father well. Normally, only exceptional cases would cause Tie Xue Leng to make such a decision.


But the confusing part was that this Qing Mao Mountain case was only about Jia Jin Sheng’s death.


Although it involved the Jia family’s power struggle and inheritance, it was merely average as far as cases went. And it was far below the level that would make the Divine Investigator place so much importance on it.


Tie Ruo Nan had always been doubtful.


And now, Tie Xue Leng mysteriously disappeared, not even telling his own daughter.


Where did he go? What did he do?


Father, you have an injury, please take care of your body. Tie Ruo Nan was worried.


This situation had happened several times before. In the past, it had been when Tie Xue Leng was fighting against a foe strong enough that he could not be distracted by protecting Tie Ruo Nan.


His current injuries had been caused by a strong foe under such circumstances.


Although Father is injured, he is still a rank five expert. Ordinary rank four Gu Masters are not his match. Father, I believe in you, I will wait for you to return! Tie Ruo Nan’s eyes shone with light as she encouraged herself.


Gu Yue Bo stepped closer as the young girl raised her head, meeting his eyes. “Explanation? You want an explanation, but does it mean I have to give you one?”


Gu Yue Bo’s face grew even grimmer as he said, “Little wretch, you sure talk tough. It seems I can only take you captive and use you to exchange for Fang Yuan!”


“Hehehe.” Tie Ruo Nan laughed instead. “Gu Yue Clan Leader, would you really dare to do such a thing? My uncle is the current Tie clan leader. Do you want to cross swords with my clan?”


Gu Yue Bo stopped in his tracks.


He was so anxious that he almost forgot.


The Tie Clan!


It was a super clan that had stood firm for thousands of years. Standing tall atop their mountain fortress was the legendary Demon Suppression Tower, imprisoning countless demonic Gu Masters and serving as a symbol of the righteous path.


The Gu Yue Clan was a middling clan at best, much smaller than the Jia Clan. But the Jia Clan was also merely a young clan compared to the Tie Clan.


Even across the entirety of the Southern Border, the Tie Clan stood as a first-class powerhouse, a giant with strong foundations!


Tie Ruo Nan’s voice softened. “Gu Yue Clan Leader, I am not here to be enemies with you. But please believe in my sincerity. I do not know where my father went, but I will not leave or secretly run away. The Tie family only dies in battle, there are no cowards that flee. Not only will I stay here, I will also arrest the criminal that killed Jia Jin Sheng!”


“Fang Yuan might not be the murderer!” Gu Yue Bo frowned, glaring fiercely.


“But he might be!” Tie Ruo Nan stared back, her heroism overflowing. She refused to relent.


Both sides stared at each other for a long time.


Tie Ruo Nan continued, “Fang Yuan going missing at this time suggests he might be trying to escape punishment for his crimes. It is very suspicious. But I definitely will not malign an innocent party!”


“Hmph, I hope so.” Gu Yue Bo swung his sleeve and left.


•••


Fifteen minutes later…


Gurgle gurgle.


The spirit spring’s water swirled violently. The faint image of a lotus flower flickered above the spring water.


Fang Yuan threw primeval stones into the illusion, causing it to gradually become clearer.


Between the classmate gathering and Mo Chen’s contributions, I have over fifty thousand primeval stones, and I’ve thrown them all in. Why is it that this Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus still hasn’t solidified?


Fang Yuan stared intently through the crystal wall, glaring at the center of the spirit spring, feeling uncertain.


The Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus was very precious. If it advanced all the way to rank six, it would be worth no less than the Spring Autumn Cicada.


Even in his previous life, Fang Yuan had only heard of it, and never personally saw or used it.


Thus, right now, he was slightly unsure.


But he soon calmed himself and laughed. Fifty thousand primeval stones is more than enough. Why am I worrying over nothing here? So what if the refinement fails? Hehehe.


He no longer hesitated. Taking in a deep breath, he leaped into the crystal wall.


This wall was formed by a Moat Gu.


When Fang Yuan reached it, it was like he had jumped into water. There was a ripple in the wall as he was instantly swallowed up.


Water surrounded Fang Yuan from all directions.


Fang Yuan opened his eyes, but he could not see the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus.


The Treasure Lotus could only be seen through the crystal wall before it was harvested.


Fang Yuan knew this well, and was not surprised. He had already estimated the distance, and even accounted for the refraction of the light due to the water. He grabbed at nothing according to his memory.


And out of nothing, as though he had conjured it, there appeared a lotus.


It was blue and white and its petals were closed, resembling a lantern filled with holy light. But it had its own consciousness, and even though he held it in his grasp, it resisted.


But that was nothing!


Just by leaking a little of the Spring Autumn Cicada’s aura, this rank three flower Gu was instantly refined.


Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus obtained!


In the spring water, Fang Yuan’s lips curled into a smile.


At his will, the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus turned into a white-blue light, shooting into his aperture.


Without the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus, the countless whirlpools in the spirit spring vanished. The spring water that was once filled with vitality was now nothing but a puddle of still, lifeless water.


The spirit spring is no more. This place is no longer safe, I have to leave as soon as possible. Fang Yuan’s expression turned serious, but just as he was about to leave, something suddenly happened!


From deep within the spirit spring, a blinding bloody light shot out.


Fang Yuan felt an incredible suction pulling him into the spring. Caught off guard, he was yanked into the depths.


The spring water turned red as blood, wrapping around him completely and dragging him down.


Sky Canopy Gu! Thunderwings Gu!


In the moment of crisis, Fang Yuan screamed in his heart. White armor formed on his body, and lightning wings appeared at his back.


The wings spread, straining to launch him upward. But the bloody water came endlessly, pulling him harder and harder. There was no way for him to oppose it.


Puff…


Hearing water all around him, Fang Yuan was dragged by the currents along a tunnel, heading straight down.


Just when he was almost out of air, the surrounding pressure vanished.


Fang Yuan gasped. At least he had not suffocated. But he suddenly found that he was falling.


He subconsciously activated his wings, but the Thunderwings Gu was in bad shape.


The originally strong wings were tired and soft.


Fang Yuan’s heart sank. He tried his best to maintain his balance in the air, slowing his descent.


He was in an underground cavern. Rather than being dark, it was full of red light. Fang Yuan was falling from about fifteen meters up, and below him was a lake.


But this underground lake was not clear like normal water, it was red as blood.


No, it was blood!


The piercing stench assaulted him as he continued to fall.


The situation was weird no matter how he looked at it, so for safety, Fang Yuan did not want to fall into the lake of blood.


Chainsaw Golden Centipede!


He activated the Chainsaw Golden Centipede. His palm entered its mouth, and he swung it like a whip.


The golden centipede’s body stretched to its full length, and its tail stabbed into the cavern wall to the side.


Fang Yuan willed with his mind, and the golden centipede’s body constricted, pulling him to the wall.


The walls were slippery and it was difficult to find purchase, but using the Chainsaw Golden Centipede, he managed to find a spot to stand.


Where the fuck is this? Stabilizing his body, Fang Yuan immediately observed his surroundings.


According to his estimations, this should be even deeper than the underground cave the Gu Yue Clan used as a restricted area.


How can there be such a place? Fang Yuan was shocked. In his previous life, he was not strong enough to learn the clan’s secrets.


The truth was that this was the Blood Lake Graveyard, the forbidden ground that contained the founder’s coffin. Even among the clan elders, only one or two knew of this place.


Fang Yuan looked down. The blood lake shone with a sickening radiance. It was even larger than Gu Yue Village, and gave off an ominous and oppressive atmosphere.


At the top of the cave walls, water poured down from over a hundred holes. In it could be seen the figures of turtles, eels, and fish, presumably from the river near the village.


Swoosh swoosh…


The streams of water poured into the blood lake.


The water churned as the aquatic creatures moved about, entering the lake. However, in a few breaths, all the blood in their bodies was sucked out. They turned into dry corpses and floated up to the surface of the water, appearing and disappearing under the motion of the waves.


The blood lake’s redness only intensified.


Fang Yuan’s pupils shrank a little. If he had landed in this lake, he would not be in good shape, even with the Sky Canopy Gu’s protection.


He continued to observe. Other than the fresh corpses, there were also bones in the lake.


There were fish bones, animal bones, and even human skeletons.


It was a giant burial ground, horrifying and bloody.


The ripples and waves in the lake raged, sweeping into the surrounding walls. The glowing red blood entered the surrounding soil, dyeing it crimson.


