Chapter 183: Blood Sea Ancestor


Wait a second, red soil?


Fang Yuan’s mind jolted at the sight.


He grabbed at the wall beside him, tearing away a lump of red soil.


It was very soft and emitted a faint red light. He gently squeezed it and it crumbled between his fingers.


So, it was like this. He seemed to have come to a realization.


When he had first entered the rock crack secret cave, he had noticed that it was full of this red soil, and its faint glow prevented the need for any other light source.


He had felt it was weird at the time, because Qing Mao Mountain’s soil was normally a greenish black. He had thought it was arranged by the Flower Wine Monk, but now it seemed that the source was this strange blood lake.


Fang Yuan felt even more wary. His five hundred years of experience had almost become intuition.


This place is not only strange, but also dangerous. I don’t have the time to dilly-dally, I need to think of how to leave here. Fang Yuan raised his head and looked to the hundreds of holes at the top of the cave walls. Which one was connected to the spirit spring?


Fang Yuan hesitated for a moment.


Water could flow down here, but that didn’t mean that the passages were wide enough for a human to pass through.


And… Fang Yuan looked grave as he tried shaking his wings.


His control over them was worse than before, and the vibrant blue thunder was now stained with a tinge of scarlet. The feeling he got from it was a contradictory mix of power and weakness.


The Thunderwings Gu had become unreliable. It was very possible that, if he tried to fly, he would fall into the lake.


Swoosh…


An inexplicable undercurrent surged up from within the blood lake, giving off the enormous aura of a rank five gu.


That’s… Fang Yuan’s pupils shrank as a long shadow gradually appeared under the surface of the lake.


It was over forty meters long and over six meters wide.


It was an enormous python. It dwelled in the depths of the blood lake, but now that it had smelled the scent of living flesh, it came out to hunt!


Damn it… Fang Yuan felt a sense of urgency.


Right now, he was relying on the Chainsaw Golden Centipede to barely hang from the wall. And with his long hair and black robe, he looked like a tiny black ant in comparison to the enormous blood lake.


Hundreds of black dots appeared in the blood lake and rose up, just like a traveling school of fish.


Whoosh…


They were much faster than the giant python and flew out of the blood lake in moments, revealing themselves.


They were not fish, but bats.


These blood-red bats had two long, pointed ears and two pairs of wings. The main pair of wings was rather big, whereas the secondary pair was on the smaller side, positioned below the main wings.


They didn’t have claws, but the edges of their wings were as sharp as steel blades.


Rank three Bladewing Blood Bat Gu? A name immediately appeared in Fang Yuan’s mind.


The bats were directing murderous intent towards him, but the first thing that he recalled was a certain scene.


In the video on the cave wall, the Flower Wine Monk’s whole body had been covered in blood, mortally wounded.


The Moonshadow Gu was not able to cause such injuries, but these Bladewing Blood Bats were a different matter.


Could it be that the Flower Wine Monk came to this place and was injured by these bats? Fang Yuan’s thoughts raced.


The Flower Wine Monk’s death had been shrouded in mysteries. Now, it appeared extremely likely that it was due to this place.


“Bladewing Blood Bats…” Fang Yuan murmured. In fact, this Gu wasn’t a stranger to him.


Even though it was rank three, it was very easy to feed: it ate blood.


In his previous life, he had established the Bloodwing Demon Sect, and its symbol had been precisely this Gu. The sect was more than capable enough to support close to ten thousand Bladewing Blood Bat Gu, allowing them to establish their terrifying might and spread fear.


More precisely, he owed his success to Bladewing Blood Bats.


After over four hundred years in his previous life, he had accidentally obtained an inheritance from Blood Sea Ancestor. With the colonies of Bladewing Blood Bats and his own rank five cultivation, he had become overlord of a region.


This Blood Sea Ancestor was a rank seven demonic path Gu Master who took lives as easily as cutting grass. His evil reputation was such that it resounded throughout the world, and his name was famous in history.


In the beginning, he was a mere mortal, but through luck and destiny, he became a Gu Master of the demonic path. After eight hundred years, he became a legendary figure.


His aptitude was poor, and his primeval essence was quite limited. As a result, he became obsessed with researching Gu refinement.


Wild Gu worms possessed their own will and could absorb natural primeval essence in the air by themselves. However, after a Gu worm was refined by a Gu Master, its wild will would be replaced with the Gu Master’s, and it would lose this ability. It could only use the Gu Master’s primeval essence.


Blood Sea Ancestor had invested a lot of effort in researching Gu which could absorb natural primeval essence even after being refined by a Gu Master.


The righteous path Gu Masters of the time were very afraid that Blood Sea Ancestor would succeed. As a result, they organized countless traps before moving in for the kill.


In the end, Blood Sea Ancestor did not succeed, but he also didn’t completely fail.


He succeeded in producing the refinement recipes of Bladewing Blood Bat Gu, Blood Frenzy Gu, and Blood Guillotine Gu.


The rank three Bladewing Blood Bat Gu was his first accomplishment. It was very easy to feed, but it still needed the Gu Master to provide primeval essence. However, a colony of Bladewing Blood Bats was very special: a Gu Master just needed to control a single male and they could indirectly command the rest of a swarm, which consisted of females.


The Blood Frenzy Gu was his second accomplishment. It was formless, a ball of blood essence that survived by attaching itself to other living things. It was a rank four Gu and had a very unusual ability: any Gu worm infected by it could absorb natural primeval essence every now and then. But it had a great disadvantage: Gu worms affected by the Blood Frenzy Gu would gradually become uncontrollable and would turn into a pool of blood after some time.


The Blood Guillotine was Blood Sea Ancestor’s last accomplishment. This Gu was rank five and was no doubt more advanced than the previous two. Its use and feeding were fused together. It multiplied by swallowing the blood of Gu Masters, using battle to sustain itself, and most importantly, the Gu Master did not need to provide it with any primeval essence.


Unfortunately, after Blood Sea Ancestor created the Blood Guillotine, due to the many battles and the entrapment by the righteous path, he was defeated.


Suffering from fatal wounds that could not be healed, he carved out a bloody escape from countless layers of entrapment.


Worried about suffering from a suicidal final attack, the righteous path figures of the time did not have any inclination to chase after him and finish him off. They merely watched as he made his getaway. But from that day onward, they would come to regret that decision.


Blood Sea Ancestor knew he was certain to die, so he started setting up inheritances. In the limited time before his death, using the strength of his rank seven cultivation, he unexpectedly set up hundreds of thousands of inheritance grounds. They were scattered all over the world, from the Central Continent to the Southern Border and countless other places.


Right before his death, he smiled devilishly and left these words: “Blood path will not be forgotten, its legacy will continue for all eternity!”


This statement was not in the least false. Countless Gu Masters benefited from his inheritances, and thus the demonic path flourished.


Whether it was Bladewing Blood Bats, Blood Frenzy Gu, or Blood Guillotine Gu, they were all very easy to raise and multiply. Perhaps in an unremarkable valley, near a poor village, in the middle of nowhere in the desert, or somewhere beside a mountain path, you might find two or three Gu left there casually by Blood Sea Ancestor.


They were very easy to raise and had little demand for primeval essence, so they could easily be used by Gu Masters with ordinary aptitudes.


Survival in this world was difficult, so what Gu Master wouldn’t thirst for power? The Gu worms left by Blood Sea Ancestor represented a new kind of strength. It was a quick and easy way to grow powerful. As a result, such Gu worms became extremely popular.


Power itself had no sins; it became good in the hands of good, and evil in the hands of evil. But how many people could restrain themselves after a sudden increase in strength?


A man who came into money would often become fickle. A sudden rise in strength would certainly nourish ambitions that weren’t there before.


As a result, many Gu Masters that obtained a Blood Sea Ancestor inheritance would become devils that massacred everything. Even many righteous path figures became demons.


These inheritances brought great turmoil and danger all over the world.


In each one, there were often only two or three Gu. However, these inheritances were like sparks that could ignite a wildfire if left alone!


Every once in a while, a demonic Gu Master would come into possession of these blood path Gu and cause chaos. Some of them would fail, murdered for their sins in some remote village. Others would succeed for a time, and become legends that caused trouble for whole regions.


Whether they succeeded or failed, when their time came to an end, they too would leave behind new blood path inheritances.


Thus, what came to be known as the Blood Calamity continued without end. Not only did the righteous path fail to stifle it with the death of Blood Sea Ancestor, it thrived even more with the foundation he had left behind. It was impossible to stamp out.


It was to the extent that the righteous path figures would frequently curse, “These damned blood path Gu Masters! We’ve already killed them in droves. But if we become even a bit careless, a new one springs up from nowhere!”


By now, the Blood Sea Inheritances were already publicly recognized as the most popular in the whole world, with the greatest number of inheritances. There was no competition!


In the strictest sense, Fang Yuan had received a favor from Blood Sea Ancestor.


In my previous life, it took me over four hundred years before I found a Blood Sea Inheritance and was able to begin my rule. Now, if I can subdue these bats, it will be like skipping four hundred years of effort.


The bats charged at him, but Fang Yuan was not afraid.


He had the Spring Autumn Cicada, so they would submit without question in front of its rank six aura. The only problem was the rank five Blood Python that was still concealed beneath the waters of the lake.


But this situation is somewhat fishy. Blood Sea Ancestor’s inheritances normally only have two or three Gu worms. How come this place has hundreds of Bladewing Blood Bats? Could it be…that the rumor is true?


According to rumor, the hundreds of thousands of minor inheritances were mere diversions, and Blood Sea Ancestor had left a few true inheritances.


In these few, Blood Sea Ancestor was said to have concealed his best Gu worms, research insights, or refinement recipes.


Could this place be one of Blood Sea Ancestor’s true inheritance grounds? Fang Yuan’s heart started pounding.


His thoughts moved like lightning, so only a brief moment had passed in reality.


Bladewing Blood Bats charged at him one after another. Fang Yuan was calm, his long hair and black robe fluttering in the air as he climbed up the wall. He prepared to summon the Spring Autumn Cicada.


But at that moment, there was a sudden change!


A deep and firm voice, loud as iron crashing against stone, came from the top of the cave and echoed within the cavern. “As expected, this place is hiding the Blood Calamity!”


Divine Investigator Tie Xue Leng!


