Chapter 1832: Chapter Duke Longs Luck


Deep in Eastern Sea, the following scene of Dragon Palace’s dream realm was undergoing.


The dragonman clone manipulated the ant army as it charged forward.


There were thousands of black ants moving in a tight formation. Among them, armor ants paved the way at the front while arrow ants stayed at the rear, the ant queen was well protected in the middle. At the very end of the army were cannon ants, they were bulky and moved slowly.


In front of dragonman clone, Tai Qin was similarly controlling her ant army.


“Senior brother, here I come!” The yellow eyebrows girl shouted as her army pressed forward, attacking Fang Yuan’s troops.


Fang Yuan quickly willed as he stabilized his formation, defending with the armor ants while attacking with the cannon ants.


Tai Qin controlled mainly spear ants and sprint ants, they were very offensive in nature.


Fang Yuan smiled secretly to himself: “Ever since the disciple ceremony of Green Ant Ascetic, Tai Qin was motivated due to the defeat against me, she changed her cautious attitude in battle and became very aggressive, often choosing to attack first.”


At this time, two groups of sprint ants encircled him from the left and right.


Tai Qin’s tactic was very clear, she wanted to use the sprint ants’ speed to rapidly attack Fang Yuan’s cannon ants.


Cannon ants had powerful long range attacks that could kill many spear ants in a frontal battle. But it moved slowly and had weak defense, if the two groups of sprint ants got close and attacked, it would definitely get killed.




“This is an appropriate tactic, however, since I moved in this formation, why would I not anticipate this weakness in the formation? Oh junior sister…” Fang Yuan smiled at the girl in front of him.


“Then let’s fight, senior brother!” The yellow eyebrows girl shouted, her eyes shined with bright light as she exerted her full force.


As the sprint ants move closer, Fang Yuan’s entire ant army retreated, encircling the cannon ants at the back. The entire process was fluid and smooth.


Tai Qin saw this and her eyes widened as she sighed with a cute expression: “So amazing! Senior brother, you are able to control all of the ants at the same time! You have already mastered our master’s ant thought killer move?”


Fang Yuan smiled as he nodded.


Tai Qin gritted her teeth: “Even so, I will not give up easily! Senior brother, I will take down your frontal troops.”


It turned out that in order to retreat, Fang Yuan left his armor ants at the front lines, blocking Tai Qin’s spear ants.


Fang Yuan’s ant army retreated successfully, but they were separated from the armor ants in the process.


The armor ants did not last long, they were quickly wiped out by the spear ants which had greater numbers.


Spear ants moved like the tides, pressing forward.




Fang Yuan had already prepared his arrow ants at the most outer layer, they continued to shoot out their arrows. At the same time, cannon ants flew into the sky and blasted the spear ant army, killing many of them in the process.


Due to Fang Yuan’s barrage of attacks, Tai Qin finally lost as her ant army got obliterated.


“Sigh! I lost again, senior brother, you are really amazing!!” The girl let out a breath of turbid air as she looked at Fang Yuan with a glimmering gaze, there was a faint blush on her face.


Fang Yuan saw this and understood why.


Three scenes had passed since Green Ant Ascetic’s disciple recruitment ceremony.


Thinking back, Fang Yuan still felt some lingering fear.


In the scene of the disciple recruitment ceremony, no matter what advantages he had, accidents would occur to erase them rapidly.


Fang Yuan did not surrender, he considered his options and chose to keep a stalemate, preventing the yellow eyebrows girl from winning.


Eventually, they ended in a draw after reaching the limits of a Gu Master, Green Ant Ascetic appeared to stop them and took both of them as disciples.


The reason was that Green Ant Ascetic chose his disciple using ant manipulation on the surface but he had his own intentions to test the nature of the Gu Master and how long they could persevere.


If Fang Yuan admitted defeat, he would not meet this criteria, the dream realm exploration would fail.


Thus, to pass the ceremony, he could not win or lose, it had to be a draw.


After that hurdle, in the following few scenes, Green Ant Ascetic imparted his knowledge to them. Fang Yuan gained many Gu worms and his main opponent was this junior sister Tai Qin.


Tai Qin had never won a single time when she sparred against Fang Yuan.


Initially, she was not convinced, but gradually, she admitted her inferiority and even had some sort of affection brewing that she was unclear of.


“Great, it seems that the clone is making good progress in the dream realm.” Fang Yuan observed his dragonman clone’s luck as he spoke.


This purple dragon luck had expanded in size by several times, its surrounding black cloud luck had shrunken by thirty percent.


At the same time, the azure-purple qi produced from the black clouds became denser and thicker.


But at this time, blood red light flew over from the west.


This blood red light was huge, it floated above the purple dragon’s head but did not merge with the black cloud luck.


Within the blood red light, there were the vague figures of a golden phoenix and a divine dragon, they had an incredible and threatening aura.


“What is going on? What changes are occurring?” Fang Yuan’s heart sank.


He quickly deduced.


“This blood light luck is more than ten times the size of the original one! It is coming from the west, west from Eastern Sea is either Western Desert or Central Continent.”


“The blood light luck has not attacked yet, showing that now is not the time for its move. It is so big, it should be from Central Continent’s Heavenly Court!”


“How did Heavenly Court find their way here?”


“In the previous life, they did not come here at this time. Is it the ink effect from my rebirth?”


Fang Yuan lacked information, but he deduced many possibilities.


He was not shocked, in fact, he had plans against this.


Because Heavenly Court was his biggest enemy all along!


Heavenly Court.


In Central Great Hall.


Fairy Zi Wei stopped her actions as joy flashed on her face: “I deduced it after all.”


She grasped the location of Immortal Gu House Dragon Palace!


This was because Heavenly Court had been sending people to secretly investigate the five regions to search for Dragon Palace all along.


Even though progress was slow, after years of accumulation, they were close to success.


In the previous life, Heavenly Court found its own way to Dragon Palace. This time, with a critical clue, their accumulation led to great results, they quickly found success.


Fairy Zi Wei quickly told Duke Long and Qin Ding Ling about this news.


“Dragon Palace needs to be retrieved. This is my karma, let me go and take it back.” Duke Long took the responsibility for this matter.


Fairy Zi Wei immediately felt at ease: “With Lord Duke Long taking action, we will definitely succeed.”


At this time, Fairy Zi Wei’s expression changed, she received some information: “Oh no, Myriad Year Flying Warship has appeared in the River of Time, Fang Yuan is taking action again!”


“Coincidentally at this time?” Qin Ding Ling frowned: “This is too coincidental, let me take a look at both of your luck.”


Fairy Zi Wei and Duke Long did not reject her.


Qin Ding Ling first looked at Duke Long, his luck was in a dragon shape, it looked like a flaming cloud.


The old dragon lowered its head as it coiled its body, about to fall asleep — this was a sign that Duke Long’s lifespan was ending.


Qin Ding Ling grunted as she observed closely, seeing that the scales on the old dragon’s body were turning blood red, its dragon head became more wrinkled as it showed an upside-down ‘mountain’ character — this symbolized failure!


Qin Ding Ling was shocked: “There exists a person in this world that can make Duke Long fail?”


At this moment, her vision turned blood red, her luck inspection killer move was forced to stop, the backlash caused Qin Ding Ling to cough out a mouthful of blood.


“Senior Qin!” Fairy Zi Wei quickly went to support Qin Ding Ling.


After standing firmly with her eyes still bleeding uncontrollably, Qin Ding Ling smiled bitterly while having temporary blindness: “Senior Duke Long, you are truly powerful, your dao marks are too numerous, my luck inspection killer move could only take a glimpse.”


Even though Qin Ding Ling had a rank eight level luck inspection method, the actual use of it depended on the target.


In Duke Long’s case, his dao marks far exceed the peak of rank eight, he also had defensive killer moves in the form of dragon markings, they activated earlier.


“It was tough on you.” Duke Long asked: “How is the result?”


Qin Ding Ling shook her head with a worrisome expression: “Not good, Senior Duke Long will face an intense battle if he goes, there is a chance of failure.”


“How can this be?” Fairy Zi Wei was shocked.


“This is not unimaginable.” Duke Long shook his head: “The world is vast and unpredictable, the River of Time moves endlessly throughout time, humans are merely a tiny segment of this. This is quite interesting, I am curious to know what can make me fail.”


Qin Ding Ling added: “Luck is a variable, this only hints that Senior Duke Long has a chance of failure in this trip. But it is not a problem, I cultivate all living beings luck, I can use luck path methods to amplify or change your luck, Senior Duke Long! However… I need a few days.”


“Okay, I will wait for a few days then.” Duke Long thought about it and made his decision.




