Chapter 1834: Fang Yuan Fights Duke Long


“It’s Lord Duke Long!” Fang Zheng saw Duke Long and became surprised and joyful.


He knew Duke Long’s identity, in fact, they had met before.


“If not for Lord Duke Long’s appearance, I would have died already. With him around, I should be safe.” Fang Zheng no longer felt fear, he was assured.


He knew what kind of person Duke Long was, this was Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s master!


Fang Zheng took another look at the person who almost took his life — Qi Sea Ancestor.


This old man wore a white robe, his sleeves fluttered in the air, his long white beard drooped to his feet, he had a solemn expression and grand aura, the clouds floated quietly around him, giving him an immortal-like disposition.


Fang Zheng could not recognize this as Fang Yuan’s disguise, he was curious about the old man’s identity: “This old man has rank eight cultivation level, but he is not any of the known rank eight great experts of Eastern Sea. Who is he?”


Not just him, even Duke Long was curious. But Eastern Sea was vast and had the most resources among the five regions, it was normal to have a hidden rank eight cultivator.


Immediately, Duke Long smiled “Qi Sea Ancestor… as a rank eight, it is fine to call yourself an ancestor. But calling yourself Qi Sea in front of me, you are simply too arrogant.”


Fang Zheng heard this and had a thought: “That’s right, Lord Duke Long primarily cultivates qi path, followed by transformation path, he is a rare dual cultivator! This rank eight Eastern Sea old man also cultivates qi path, but he is going against Lord Duke Long. Hehe.”


Fang Zheng felt a little sympathy for Qi Sea Ancestor.




At this time, he heard Duke Long’s voice: “You have clear ill intentions, tell me, what is your motive for staying here and ambushing us? What is your relationship with Fang Yuan?”


Fang Yuan was slightly surprised, he thought: “How did he link my identity to Fang Yuan in this situation?”


On the surface, Fang Yuan smiled coldly: “I am a secluded cultivator of Eastern Sea, I do not bother people who do not offend me, but your Heavenly Court is too ambitious, you seek to take over all five regions and unify the world. In the future, you will look for trouble with me and attempt to kill me.”


Duke Long frowned slightly, he retorted: “Qi Sea Ancestor, you must have been deceived by that demon Fang Yuan. We have no grudges with each other, this is our first encounter, why would we attack you?”


“That demon Fang Yuan is crafty and likes to sow discord, you must not trust him blindly.”


Fang Yuan snorted coldly: “I did not believe him at first, but this Fang Yuan pointed out many of my secrets, he gave concrete evidence. He is someone from the future, should I believe him or you?”


Duke Long’s frown became even deeper.


Fang Yuan’s accusation was quite shameless.


If he targeted Heavenly Court’s past or current actions, Duke Long could retort with evidence. But talking about Heavenly Court’s future actions, Duke Long had nothing to say, even he was uncertain himself!


In fact, even Duke Long had his own interpretation: “How can a rank eight Gu Immortal be so easily deceived? Since Fang Yuan convinced this Qi Sea Ancestor to obstruct Heavenly Court, in the future, it is likely that we really went ahead to attack him. In that case, there is no point in talking.”




Duke Long sighed as he thought about his mission to retrieve Dragon Palace, yet faced obstruction here. Qi Sea Ancestor was clearly here to stop him, with this deduction, Fang Yuan was likely going after Dragon Palace now.


“I need to settle this battle quickly!” Duke Long’s eyes flashed with resolution!


Fang Yuan managed to deceive him after all.


This was not just because of Fang Yuan’s modified familiar face killer move that was now compatible with his qi path methods. Most importantly, Qi Sea Ancestor was emitting a genuine rank eight aura now.


Duke Long thought that Fang Yuan was a rank seven Gu Immortal.


Not just Duke Long, the wisdom path great expert Fairy Zi Wei and the entire Heavenly Court, in fact, the entire world, had the same thought.


Different from the previous life, right now, the sovereign immortal aperture’s secret was not exposed yet.


Fang Yuan had defended this secret very well.


Immortal killer move — Dragon Claw Strike!


Duke Long made up his mind, he wasted no time as he attacked with no hesitation.


This was a transformation path killer move, immediately, a claw mark appeared in the air.


Fang Zheng who was inside Pine Crane Pavilion gasped, to think that Duke Long was the first to attack, and he even launched a sneak attack!


Even though Qi Sea Ancestor got hit by the attack, he turned into cloud fog as he faded away.


Fang Yuan was guarded against Duke Long from the start, because this was his immortal battlefield, it was easy for him to dodge it.


Duke Long’s expression did not change, the attack earlier was just a test.


Now that he probed it, this was truly a qi path battlefield, transformation path methods were greatly restricted here.


In that case, he would use different methods.


Duke Long did not turn around, he directly pointed behind him.


Air currents moved as a layer of bubbles quickly surrounded Pine Crane Pavilion, protecting it.


“Thank you, Lord Duke Long!” Fang Zheng did not dare to wait, he quickly thanked him.


Duke Long did not pay attention to him as he used another killer move, after a while, he pushed with his palms as multiple qi dragons emerged.


The half transparent qi dragon moved rapidly, once it finds Fang Yuan’s location, it would attack on its own.


“Lord Duke Long is truly not an ordinary rank eight Gu Immortal!” Fang Zheng saw these qi dragons which were all over a hundred feet long, they were majestic and grand, he could not help but praise.


But at this moment, Duke Long raised his head, his eyes shining with a sharp light.


“What sound is that?” Fang Zheng also heard the loud sound as he raised his head to look.


At the next moment, his mouth opened wide as his pupils shrunk.


He saw that a grand blade qi that was a thousand feet long, thick and wide, resembling a deity’s war blade, slammed down with a force that sought to cut this world into two!


The blade qi was vast and grand, it created gusts of wind and rumbling thunder, Fang Zheng was shell-shocked, he was like a tiny ant, those majestic qi dragons from earlier looked like earthworms or snakes now.


At the crucial moment, Duke Long shouted and used his killer move.


Qi wall!


Qi wall was the most common defensive killer move of qi path, but the method that Duke Long used now was not simple.


He used a consecutive move, using qi wall three times.


The qi wall first had one layer, before it expanded twice, it became thicker and tougher, it was the fusion of three qi walls.


Boom!


The blade qi landed on the qi wall, causing a thunderous sound that exploded intensely.


Even though he was inside Pine Crane Pavilion, Fang Zheng’s vision still turned dark as he felt dizzy, his ears were bleeding as blood flowed out.


The qi wall collapsed while the blade qi dispersed to a large extent, the remaining portion was not able to do any threatening damage.


Pine Crane Pavilion was like a small raft, it shook intensely from the aftershock, constantly shaking.


Fang Zheng took a lot of effort to stabilize the Immortal Gu House as his face turned pale, he was breathing roughly in a pathetic state.


“How can this Eastern Sea Gu Immortal be so strong?!” Fang Zheng was still completely dumbfounded, his sense of safety from earlier had been completely erased.


Duke Long was unscathed but his expression was solemn, he no longer had a relaxed mood.


He raised his head to look at Fang Yuan who was high up in the sky, they were quite far apart.


The blade qi earlier had an obvious aura, Fang Yuan’s location was naturally exposed now.


Duke Long rose in altitude as he said to Fang Yuan: “That is a powerful blade qi, even though it is not elaborate, it has a lot of raw power. But how many times can you use this move?”


Fang Yuan smiled, he was calm and composed.


The killer move earlier had too much power, Duke Long thought that Fang Yuan had activated it after a long period of preparation.


This was quite an obvious thought, but he had no idea that Fang Yuan was a special exception.


“Oh, you mean this? It was just a casual attack.” Saying so, Fang Yuan pointed his index finger at Pine Crane Pavilion as he tapped.


Boom!


A grand blade qi gathered and shot out again with imposing might.


Fang Yuan tapped his finger again.


Boom!!


Another blade qi with vast power followed after the attack from earlier with might that could split heaven and earth.


Fang Yuan tapped his finger again.


Boom!!!


The third blade qi shot out with the same power, in fact, it was even larger than the ones before.


Fang Zheng’s body froze on the spot, he was dumbfounded!


“This…” Duke Long was also deeply shocked, the enemy’s blade qi killer move was very easily used, it was as simple as drinking water.


But how could this be possible?!


Of course it was possible.


Fang Yuan had a lot of qi path dao marks, it was more than a million! Adding in the qi path battlefield’s amplification, it was reasonable that it reached this stage.


Duke Long also had qi path dao marks, but the numbers were only thirty percent of Fang Yuan’s dao marks.


Thus, Fang Yuan’s blade qi killer move needed three qi walls to block.


“He has such immense battle strength, to think that Eastern Sea contained such a character! Hehe, interesting.” Duke Long’s eyes shined with brilliance, his battle intent was completely drawn out.


He looked over, those three blade qi were approaching rapidly with an unstoppable might.


“It has been so long since I’ve last had a challenging battle.” Duke Long breathed in deeply, before his overwhelming aura burst out in all directions.


Dragon roars were heard as he charged directly towards the blade qi!


While Fang Yuan and Duke Long engaged in fierce combat, the dream realm in the sea was quiet and tranquil.


“Junior sister, be careful, I’ve prepared this move for a long time.” The dragonman clone smiled as he spoke.


The yellow eyebrows girl Tai Qin smiled delicately: “Brother Shuai, go ahead, I am ready.”


“Good.” Dragonman clone waved his hand as the ant army flew, creating a golden river that crashed towards Tai Qin.


Tai Qin also waved her hand, flying ants appeared from the ground and moved like a river as well, retaliating.


The two ant groups met in the sky but they did not fight, instead, they fused together with no casualties.


The ant groups merged completely in the sky, they were an entity now.


Under the golden light, Fang Yuan’s dragonman clone looked at Tai Qin with a sincere gaze.


Tai Qin also looked at him bravely, her face was flushing but her eyes could not hide the affection that she had.


“Junior sister.”


“Senior brother.”


The two walked closer and felt deep love for each other, the ant army flew around them and danced in joy.


A moment later, it was time to separate.


“Junior sister, I need to go. Sigh, I want to be with you forever, but… I cannot defy my father, I have a family now. It has been hard on you these years.” The dragonman clone kissed Tai Qin goodbye.


Tai Qin shook her head: “No, it has not been tough. Senior brother, you are forced to do this, while I had chosen this of my own accord. I will always be here, you can come anytime, I will be around.”


When dragonman clone returned to Calligraphy Pavilion, it was already midnight.


The moon was bright in the sky.


He looked at the pavilion at the peak of the mountain as he felt a sense of sorrow in his heart.


At this time, from the shadows, a dragonman Gu Immortal secretly flew up and met with dragonman clone.


“Brother, when you were not around, sister-in-law went to meet with that Fan Ji again in secret.” The dragonman Gu Immortal reported with displeasure on his face.


“Hmph, this slut.” The dragonman clone had a grim expression, at this moment, an intense rage emerged in his heart.




