Chapter 1835: Snapped In Two


“Wait! This is just the dream realm, I am not the real Wu Shuai, why is there a need to feel hatred?” The dragonman clone was stunned as he quickly regained clarity.


He blinked and subconsciously touched his forehead.


He did not feel any cold sweat, instead, he could feel a pair of warm coral-like dragon horns.


He felt a deep chill in his heart!


“Brother, what do we do now?” The dragonman Gu Immortal informant asked again.


Fang Yuan looked at him.


This dragonman Gu Immortal still had a trace of his appearance in his youthful days, it was Huang Wei. He had once competed with Wu Shuai to become the disciple of Green Ant Ascetic, but had failed.


But this person had enough talent and aptitude, due to the dragonman race’s diligence, they were highly united compared to the humans, they rarely had internal strife, this allowed all of the dragonman young geniuses to grow properly, especially geniuses like Huang Wei, they were nurtured intensely.


Fang Yuan’s character, Wu Shuai, knew of his talent and wanted to befriend him, due to a coincidence, Wu Shuai saved Huang Wei’s life and they ended up becoming sworn brothers.


A few scenes of the dream realm made rapid progress in terms of time, Fang Yuan was already a Gu Immortal now.


Fang Yuan thought about it as he snorted coldly: “A little impatience will spoil great plans, we will continue to pretend we don’t know this as always.”




This Shu Jiu Ling had once been pregnant with Fan Ji’s child, she got abandoned and in a fit of anger, chose to have a competition to find a husband.


Wu Shuai obeyed his father’s orders and became the husband of Shu Jiu Ling as they wanted to create a relationship with Central Continent’s rank eight lone immortal Calligraphy Pavilion Lady.


Honestly speaking, Calligraphy Pavilion Lady played a significant role in Wu Shuai’s ascension to become a Gu Immortal, she provided lots of resources.


But Shu Jiu Ling still could not stop thinking of Fan Ji even after giving birth to her son.


After some time, Fan Ji was also reminiscing about Shu Jiu Ling, he decided to approach her again.


Shu Jiu Ling could not control herself, she kept in contact with Fan Ji, they met with each other countless times, it almost became an open secret.


Originally, Wu Shuai becoming her husband already made him the laughingstock of Central Continent’s Gu Immortal world, now, it was only worse.


Ordinary Gu Immortals who had a weak nature would not care, but Wu Shuai was a heroic genius with great aptitude, it was not easy for someone like him to endure this.


“The higher my cultivation level, the more easily I will succumb to this dream realm.”


“After staying in this dream realm for so long, I’ve almost thought that I was Wu Shuai myself.”




“Or maybe… this is the true test of Dragon Palace?”


Fang Yuan’s clone had a burst of inspiration, he realized the truth.


This dream realm was the test for Dragon Palace’s inheritor, it did not just test their personality, because choices in the dream realm might not necessarily reflect one’s true intentions.


The dream realm was not just testing him, it was also creating an inheritor.


Even if a person was unsuitable, as long as they passed the dream realm, after such a long period of brainwashing, the Gu Immortal would emerge as someone who hated Heavenly Court and loved dragonmen, they might even become like Wu Shuai, taking on the responsibility of the uprise of the dragonman race!


“It is possible that those four Eastern Sea rank eights tried to explore this dream realm but failed. In this process, their minds were warped and turned into dragon generals!”


“What do I do?”


“I have already started to succumb to it, it is not easy to stay awake.”


“The more I explore this, the worse the situation becomes! If I fail, I will become a dragon general. If I win, I will be modified into the Dragon Palace Lord, my main body might not even be my priority anymore, I will solely want to revitalize the dragonman race!”


Fang Yuan’s clone felt his heart turning cold as he realized this.


Regardless of success or failure, neither result was favorable to him!


And the scariest thing was, even if he wanted to leave now, it was impossible. The main body had no idea this was the situation, no information could be transmitted out of this dream realm.


“I had actually fallen into the trap of this Immortal Gu House Dragon Palace!” Noticing this, Fang Yuan’s clone did not know whether to laugh or cry.


He suddenly thought of the previous life: “Wait, why was Bai Ning Bing able to control Dragon Palace and become the owner of Dragon Palace in my previous life?”


Fang Yuan had never been able to deduce the truth behind this.


“In the previous life, Duke Long had taken away Dragon Palace but he did not pass the dream realm test. Afterwards, it became Bai Ning Bing’s possession for some reason. This means that Duke Long did not truly obtain Dragon Palace, he only suppressed it forcefully.”


“But even if he only suppressed it, how could he not know it himself? If he knew, why would he place Dragon Palace in Hidden Dragon Cave instead of Heavenly Court which was a safer location?”


“Dragon Palace is an enslavement path Immortal Gu House, according to the battle in my previous life, Di Zang Sheng had also participated, it was likely enslaved by Dragon Palace. Thus, this means that Duke Long was trying to use Dragon Palace to subdue Di Zang Sheng?”


“In the end, Dragon Palace subdued Di Zang Sheng but turned against Heavenly Court…”


“Bai Ning Bing should have no time to explore the dream realms, even if she does, she has no ability to explore these dream realms.”


“However, because the dream realms were taken away by Heavenly Court, Bai Ning Bing became a lucky winner?”


The dragonman clone shook his head, after considering all this, his brain started to hurt.


There was too little information, he could not figure out the truth of the matter.


“Currently, I need to stall for time until my main body notices this problem and saves me.” The dragonman clone did not know the situation outside, Fang Yuan’s main body was currently fighting intensely against Duke Long.


In this current situation, if he aggressively explores the dream realm, he would definitely be brainwashed, he would succumb to this dream and be unable to wake up.


If he fails, he will become a dragon general. If he succeeds, he will become the Dragon Palace Lord but would betray the main body, his personality, values, and life goals would all change.


Neither one was what he wanted.


Immemorial white heaven.


Qi path battlefield.


Boom!


An intense explosion whipped up a strong shockwave.


Air currents surged, blowing towards the entire world, Pine Crane Pavilion was like a paper boat that swayed helplessly in this tsunami, it would break apart at any moment.


Fang Zheng was completely dizzy inside, his face was pale without any trace of liveliness.


“I am a Gu Immortal but I am not even qualified to watch this battle! If not for Lord Duke Long’s protection, I would have died without a proper corpse already.”


Looking at Duke Long’s figure, Fang Zheng felt admiration and gratitude.


After such a long battle, Duke Long was still energetic as he stood straight, his dragon scales shined brightly in the light, but his dragon eyes were blazing with anger: “Qi Sea Ancestor, you are such a powerful expert but you choose to attack the weak, you truly do not possess the disposition of a great expert.”


Fang Yuan laughed: “Attacking the enemy’s weakness is a righteous path tactic, that just happens to be my style of fighting. Furthermore, I am very curious, who is inside this Immortal Gu House, why are you, Duke Long, protecting them time and time again?”


Fang Zheng did not know that Qi Sea Ancestor was Fang Yuan, Fang Yuan was also unaware that his brother Gu Yue Fang Zheng was inside Pine Crane Pavilion.


Even though these brothers were meeting, they did not know each other’s identity.


And similar to the battle in the previous life, Fang Yuan also sensed acutely that the person inside this Pine Crane Pavilion was harmful to him.


Fang Yuan attacked many times, Pine Crane Pavilion was within the range of his attacks.


And because this was Fang Yuan’s domain, fog spread out and concealed his true self, allowing him to use killer moves with ease.


Duke Long was kept in a passive spot, he defended more than he attacked, Fang Yuan suppressed him for now.


But at this moment, waves of dragon roars resounded within the dense fog.


“What’s going on?” Fang Yuan was bewildered.


Following the waves of dragon roars, clouds started to gather and turned into giant dragon qi currents.


Spiral currents continued to form and expand, they were like the undercurrents of the sea, splitting up the battlefield into multiple areas, a large amount of fog were drawn in by these currents and got devoured, as these currents expanded continuously.


“This is a split move, what an ingenious killer move.” Without the fog to conceal him, Fang Yuan’s true body was exposed, he sighed in admiration.


There were four main killer move manipulation techniques that existed, split move was one of them.


Back then in the battle of Snowy Mountain blessed land, when many parties went after Ma Hong Yun, Old Ancestor Xue Hu had displayed a split move technique, he displayed incredible battle strength.


Right now, Duke Long was also using this technique without causing a commotion prior.


When Fang Yuan was fighting with him, he thought that these were just minor moves, but to think that they were all part of the same qi path killer move. When Duke Long activated them fully, a terrifying power was unleashed.


“What is the name of this move?” Fang Yuan looked at these currents as he sighed, he knew that in the short term, he could not do anything to these currents.


Duke Long laughed heartily, the anger on his face was completely gone, he was just acting earlier to stall for time.


In a battle between experts, words and expressions were weapons.


Duke Long’s battle experiences were richer than Fang Yuan, he could use these techniques casually in battle, even Fang Yuan was caught off guard.


“This move is called reverse worm dragon, I only succeeded after ten years of practicing it. It was correct that you did not attack them immediately, because any qi path methods you use will only help them to grow, from worm to dragon, their power will rise by a hundred times, you will not be able to guard against it.” Duke Long explained plainly.


He was not explaining for fun, he wanted Fang Yuan to be less inclined to attack, at the same time, he was preparing a powerful killer move, his grand aura could barely be contained.


Fang Yuan’s brain worked rapidly.


He did not see Duke Long use this reverse worm dragon move in the previous life.


In fact, when Duke Long rampaged in the previous life, he had not used his expression or words to deceive his enemies.


This meant that Duke Long was treating Qi Sea Ancestor as a powerful enemy, he was serious now!


Reverse worm dragon’s profundity was not inferior to the killer move unlimited qi sea. Fang Yuan had also not forgotten about Duke Long’s trump card qi path killer move — Triple Qi Retraction.


“This reverse worm dragon seems to have been created to counter battlefield killer moves, these worms are so troublesome to deal with, if they evolve into dragons, they would become even stronger.”


“But so what?


Thinking of this, Fang Yuan smiled arrogantly, he attacked.


Blade qi gathered and slashed down again.


Duke Long was stunned: “He had clearly seen this move’s profundity, he should avoid it. By attacking now, is he trying to stop me from using my killer move, to disrupt my tempo and continue suppressing me?”


Activating killer moves needed time. But Fang Yuan did not give Duke Long a chance. He did not feel disheartened, he stopped the killer move activation as he brought along Pine Crane Pavilion to dodge the attacks.


“You want to suppress me but you are actually helping to raise reverse worm dragon’s strength, they will grow from worm to dragon, I will get a chance!” Duke Long was burning with battle intent, he wanted to fight with his full power.


As expected, the blade qi landed on the spiral currents and got absorbed by them to a large extent.


The currents grew rapidly, exploding on the spot as more than ten of them fused into one divine dragon, its body was long and majestic, it also filled this entire qi path battlefield.


Compared to it, Pine Crane Pavilion was like a tiny mosquito beside an elephant!


“Such a powerful killer move, Lord Duke Long is finally retaliating.” Fang Zheng saw this and became overjoyed.


At the next moment, Fang Yuan spoke slowly in a calm tone: “So this is turning worm into dragon, it is powerful. But… it is not enough.”


Saying so, he activated his killer move.


Qi path killer move — Yin-yang Great Killer Hands!


Rumble!


With a loud explosion, two huge hands, one black and one white, appeared out of nowhere.


The two hands were so large they could loom over heaven and earth, they had an intrinsic pattern, at this moment, they grabbed at the qi dragon’s neck and tail.


The huge dragon growled and struggled intensely, but the giant hands were unmoving like they were made of metal.


Fang Yuan pulled with both hands from afar.


Boom—!


The huge dragon was directly snapped in two by him without putting up a resistance.


Fang Zheng opened his mouth wide, he was unable to close it.


Fang Yuan stretched his fingers as he looked at Duke Long, saying plainly: “Alright, I’m done warming up.”


Duke Long had a serious expression, his dragon pupils shined with a domineering light, he stared fixedly at Fang Yuan.


He opened his mouth, revealing his sharp white teeth as he said: “Great, it seems… you are truly a worthy opponent.”




