Chapter 184: Intense Rank Five Battle


Why is Tie Xue Leng suddenly here? Fang Yuan recognized the voice and was shocked.


The loud shout echoed above the blood lake, causing intense waves to form.


This is…Heaven Earth Magnificent Sound Gu? Fang Yuan gritted his teeth. He felt his entire brain buzzing as the loud noise hurt his eardrums.


Heaven Earth Magnificent Sound Gu was a rank five sound path Gu. Once activated, it could project powerful soundwaves, and it was considered an extremely good wide-area attack Gu.


The voice that Tie Xue Leng had just displayed was merely a probe, a slight shout rather than the full power of the Gu.


It was like when Fang Yuan had used the Moonlight Gu to open the purple-gold rocks, a type of refined control of a Gu worm.


Of course, the Heaven Earth Magnificent Sound Gu also had a weakness. If used for too long at one time, it would cause great strain to the Gu Master’s throat and vocal cords, and eventually they would become completely mute and unable to speak.


Bam!


A loud explosion occurred and blood flew everywhere.


The top half of a huge python’s body appeared in Fang Yuan’s vision.


Blood River Python!


Fang Yuan’s pupils shrank as he saw it. It was covered in smooth, bright, blood-red scales, and its head alone was around the size of an elephant. Sharp, scarlet-gold bone spikes protruded from its brow, lending it a ferocious, frenzied aura.


Blood River Python…I remember that in the Gu Yue Clan’s history, after the founder created the village, a Blood River Python appeared and was a huge threat to the village. Legend says the founder killed it, but don’t tell me…


Fang Yuan’s thoughts raced.


The Blood River Python was enormous. Its head was raised high in the air, purple eyes glaring at Fang Yuan with a ruthless gaze.


It had a cruel and wild nature, and fed on blood. Even if he tried to suppress it with the Spring Autumn Cicada’s aura, it would only become more frenzied. Among rank five Gu worms, it was one of the hardest to refine.


But after the Blood River Python took a look at Fang Yuan hanging from the wall, it raised its head higher and turned towards the top of the cave.


There, another tiny shadow floated down from one of the holes near the ceiling.


He wore a bronze mask, his hands behind his back, his gaze cool and calm. Although he was as small as an ant compared to the Blood River Python, the imposing aura from his body seemed to press in all directions, like a heavenly being descending to the mortal realm.


Righteous Gu!


A mind-affecting Gu that only someone who upheld justice could activate.


Villains and the weak-minded were often scared shitless under the influence of this Gu. It invoked fear in them using their own guilty conscience, decreasing their desire to battle and making them feel unable to defeat the user, causing them to surrender without a fight.


Screech screech…


Under the pressure of righteousness, the Bladewing Blood Bat Gu were frantic. They could only scream shrilly as the pressure bore down on them. It was all they could do to flap their wings and hover in the air.


They could barely take care of themselves, much less bother with Fang Yuan.


Even the ferocious Blood River Python slightly lowered its head, feeling Tie Xue Leng’s supreme presence.


What a good Righteous Gu! Fang Yuan smirked as he climbed the wall.


The suppression from the Righteous Gu had no effect on him. Only those with weak minds were greatly affected. He was a supreme demonic overlord with a mind of steel, so how could this illusionary pressure scare him?


“Eh?” Fang Yuan’s immunity caused Tie Xue Leng to call out in shock.


The Righteous Gu had been with him for many years, and he was very sure about its effect.


It attacked the mind directly, sometimes having great effect while other times having very little.


But the times where it did not work at all were almost nonexistent. Even those of the righteous path felt a strong suppression in their hearts. After all, their faction did not determine whether they were good or evil, and there were no perfect humans.


But Tie Xue Leng knew Fang Yuan’s crimes deeply. The first time they met, he had planted a Gu on Fang Yuan to track his whereabouts. After that, Tie Xue Leng could faintly discern any changes in Fang Yuan’s surroundings.


Great sinners would definitely waver under the aura of the Righteous Gu. But Tie Xue Leng had also met some demonic Gu Masters that were unaffected.


There is only one type of person who would be unaffected by the Righteous Gu even after committing sins. People with true demonic natures down to the depths of their hearts, insane individuals who treat their sins as natural, not as sins at all. To think that Fang Yuan had such an intense demonic nature! Hmph, I’ll get rid of this great demon first. If Fang Yuan manages to survive, I will come and finish him off later!


Tie Xue Leng hated evil with a burning passion. With a cold snort, he turned towards the Blood River Python.


The moment he appeared, the Blood River Python had targeted him. If he placed any attention on killing Fang Yuan, he would reveal an opening.


Tie Xue Leng had a severe injury, and there might also be a powerful enemy hiding and observing him. He couldn’t afford to be distracted.


He stared at the Blood River Python for a moment, before looking past it to the blood lake.


Not long ago, he had received a mysterious letter. Inside it, there was concrete evidence that Gu Yue Village held a Blood Calamity.


The latter had been delivered by a red-crowned crane that flew down from the sky. The source was questionable.


But Tie Xue Leng would rather believe it than risk ignoring it. After all, the Blood Calamity was very serious; he could not take it lightly. If he lost focus, it would expand and spread like a plague.


The best method to deal with it was to eliminate the source before it could grow in strength.


Coincidentally, Jia Fu had also paid him a great sum to investigate Jia Jin Sheng’s death at the same village.


Tie Xue Leng thus brought his daughter and rushed to Qing Mao Mountain.


He ordered his daughter to investigate Jia Jin Sheng’s case. It was to nurture and train Tie Ruo Nan, but also to act as a red herring and stall for time as he remained in the background, investigating the Blood Calamity.


When he first met Fang Yuan, he had planted a Shared-Sense Gu on him. Although it was on a whim, his whims were the product of his accumulated experience and instinct.


The Gu was a formless and colorless mark. He had planted over a dozen of them, but the only one that led to anything was the first one he had placed on Fang Yuan.


“Gu Yue Founder, I know you are not dead. You hid for nearly a thousand years for this scheme, but unfortunately, it was all for nothing.” Tie Xue Leng’s voice made the air tremble.


But there were no changes to the blood lake. Instead, the Blood River Python opened its mouth and screamed furiously.


It was born ferocious and could not be suppressed. The Righteous Gu only triggered its rage.


Bam.


In an instant, bloody waves crashed as it pounced towards Tie Xue Leng, its killing intent tearing through the air.


Tie Xue Leng was already wary of the python, and he quickly moved, avoiding its bite.


The python’s body was too long and its momentum was too great. It ended up crashing all the way into the ceiling of the cavern.


With a loud bang, a portion of the roof collapsed. Large amounts of debris fell into the lake, churning up waves of blood.


“Hmph, Gu Yue Founder, you think you are safe with just this beast protecting you? You might as well appear now,” Tie Xue Leng snickered. He flew about in the air, the python’s attacks no more dangerous than a gentle rain.


The Blood River Python attacked furiously, getting more worked up as it continued to miss.


It had unparalleled strength, and every strike caused great damage to the cavern. The whole place was shaking, as though it was experiencing an earthquake, and strong waves spread across the lake.


“Fuck!” Fang Yuan was caught in the crossfire, his foothold ruined by the tremors.


He could only use the Chainsaw Golden Centipede as well as the Thunderwings Gu to move along the walls. Meanwhile, debris was falling down like rain.


As he had expected, the Thunderwings Gu was really in bad shape. The lightning wings were extremely weak and lethargic, barely giving him a boost in speed.


But the strange thing was, the Thunderwings Gu was taking less and less of his primeval essence to activate. As he moved along the wall, it started to absorb natural essence from the air to replenish itself.


At first, it happened rarely, and only for a few moments.


As Fang Yuan continued to dodge, he did not notice initially. But eventually, it happened more often, and the duration of it lengthened.


At the same time, the Thunderwings Gu was growing weaker and weaker.


I get it, it’s the Blood Frenzy Gu! Fang Yuan’s mind shone with inspiration.


Only it could cause such a situation.


Plop!


Fang Yuan put in all his effort, but eventually he still fell into the blood lake.


The Blood River Python was rampaging everywhere, lashing out with its thick tail and causing more and more debris to fall.


Fang Yuan activated the Sky Canopy Gu, covering himself with white armor. He was good at swimming. In his previous life, he had lived in the Eastern Sea for a long time, so he was well-practiced.


The largest falling rocks were as large as houses, and he tried his best to avoid them. Sometimes he swam underwater, sinking into the lake to use the water to reduce the impact of the debris.


But countless fragments were falling, from the size of a fist to that of a millstone, and he could not avoid them all.


Though his white armor was firm as a monolith, it could not handle the full impact of the rocks. He still felt pain when they struck him. In addition, his primeval essence decreased with every hit he endured.


Thankfully, the Righteous Gu’s power still filled the area, causing the Bladewing Blood Bat Gu to fly around randomly instead of finding trouble with him.


But Fang Yuan’s expression was solemn.


The Thunderwings Gu was half crippled after being corrupted by the Blood Frenzy Gu, and without a special Gu to cleanse it, it would soon turn into a puddle of blood that could further pollute other Gu.


How did it get infected by the Blood Frenzy Gu?


Fang Yuan considered the previous events, and there was only one explanation: there were Blood Frenzy Gu hiding in the lake.


The Thunderwings Gu continued to weaken, and started to become uncontrollable.


Thankfully, he had activated his Sky Canopy Gu in time. If the Blood Frenzy Gu got into his body and entered his aperture, most of his Gu worms would be corrupted.


But if his primeval essence ran out, or if his armor was broken, the consequences would be severe!


I have to leave this place as soon as possible! Fang Yuan gritted his teeth, trying to find a way out as he swam around.


Soil and debris fell into the lake from the battle.


The cave ceiling was destroyed beyond recognition as well. Tie Xue Leng floated in mid-air, engaging the Blood River Python in combat.


Rank five battles were not something Fang Yuan could interfere in.


The more a Gu Master advanced, the larger the difference in battle strength among ranks.


A sweep of the Blood River Python’s tail could shatter his armor and gravely injure the Sky Canopy Gu while also breaking all of Fang Yuan’s bones. A simple wave of Tie Xue Leng’s hand could bring him to the brink of death.


Two giant elephants were fighting, and Fang Yuan was a mere domestic cat in comparison. Although he had claws, there was nothing he could do.


Wait, a cave entrance?


