Chapter 1846: Obtaining Primordial Origins True Inheritance


1846 Obtaining Primordial Origin“s True Inheritance


The two rank eights of Eastern Sea, Song Qi Yuan and Shen Cong Sheng, watched the process but could not stop them.


Duke Long not only compensated Fang Yuan a large amount of qi path cultivation resources, most importantly, he even gave one Primordial Origin true inheritance to Qi Sea Ancestor!


This made the two Eastern Sea immortals helpless, but they also could not help but admire Duke Long’s resolution!


Of course, they only made a fraction of the transaction on the spot.


Qi Sea Ancestor, which was Fang Yuan’s disguise, agreed on a truce with Heavenly Court, they would coexist now, Heavenly Court would also hand over the resources gradually. As for Primordial Origin’s true inheritance, it would also be handed over in portions.


After all, neither side was following any alliance agreement.


They finally finished their negotiation, but not only did Fang Yuan not leave, he led the way for them.


“Fang Yuan is trying to get Dragon Palace now, Duke Long, maybe your Heavenly Court will be able to resolve your enmity with him today.” Fang Yuan smiled as he said.


From his expression, he looked like someone who was going to watch the show by the side.


But Fang Yuan decided to stop stalling for time, if he continued wasting time, Duke Long and the two Eastern Sea immortals might sense something.




In that case, he should grasp this situation firmly instead.


They did not set any alliance agreements anyway, when it is time to fight, Fang Yuan will attack directly.


As for those negotiations they made, who cares!


Duke Long flew straight, he looked calm and composed, he replied plainly: “If that really happens, we will have one less problem ahead.”


The two Eastern Sea immortals looked at each other, this matter concerned Dragon Palace, they were not going to leave yet.


When the entire group reached the location where Dragon Palace was hidden after diving into the depths of the sea, Dragon Palace had vanished already.


“Was Dragon Palace really here?” The Eastern Sea immortals did not believe it, they were suspicious that Fang Yuan had brought them to a wrong location but they did not dare to say it.


Duke Long did not suspect that, even though Fang Yuan brought them here, this was the route that Fairy Zi Wei had deduced as well, there were no deviations.


“It seems that Dragon Palace really flew away.” Duke Long sighed.


Fang Yuan smiled: “It is truly a pity, if Dragon Palace was taken by Fang Yuan, your Heavenly Court would have lost to him once again.”




Fang Yuan had the expression of a curious and excited bystander, he tried to provoke Duke Long with words.


Duke Long replied plainly, he was completely unaffected.


Because he knew a lot about Dragon Palace, back then when his descendant created it, it was designed such that only a dragonman could become the Dragon Palace Lord.


In that case, Duke Long, who had the killer move dragonman extermination, was basically holding a trump card against it. If Fang Yuan really subdued Dragon Palace, he would have either turned himself into a dragonman, or had a dragonman subordinate.


“Fang Yuan is a vigilant person who was reborn from the future, there is little chance that he turned himself into a dragonman. But even so, my dragonman extermination can kill one of his capable subordinates.”


“But killing is just an added bonus, the key is to retrieve Dragon Palace.”


“Even though I failed this time, it was not completely without gains, at least I managed to improve Qi Sea Ancestor and Heavenly Court’s relationship, there might even be a chance of recruiting Qi Sea Ancestor in the future.”


“As for Dragon Palace… now that it has appeared, it will definitely leave clues behind, I will find it once more.”


“Sigh, Fang Yuan’s advantage from using rebirth is too great, he could set up arrangements in advance to strike early. I was late in this contest over Dragon Palace.”


Duke Long thought about it for a while, he was not in a hurry to use dragonman extermination yet.


This trump card was best saved for a crucial moment in the future, to catch Fang Yuan off guard.


Of course, Duke Long also thought that Fang Yuan might know about dragonman extermination. But if he knew, he would be guarded against it, Duke Long would not gain much from activating it.


Regardless, not using it now was still a wise decision for Duke Long.


“I cannot let Dragon Palace fall into Fang Yuan’s hands. The matter of retrieving Dragon Palace and dealing with Fang Yuan should be considered one problem, Fang Zheng, who is useful against Fang Yuan, should be saved first.”


Thinking so, Duke Long approached Shen Cong Sheng.


Gu Yue Fang Zheng was currently in Shen Cong Sheng’s hands.


Shen Cong Sheng was already prepared for it, he was not surprised by Duke Long’s request.


After all, his Shen clan and Duke Long’s Heavenly Court were both in the righteous path, they handled matters similarly.


Shen Cong Sheng was willing to undergo transaction with Duke Long of course, exchanging Gu Yue Fang Zheng for a lot of benefits.


He had no interest in Gu Yue Fang Zheng, he was useless anyway. Shen Cong Sheng was secretly excited, he decided to extort Heavenly Court.


Heavenly Court was extremely affluent, he had seen the conversation earlier.


Fang Yuan watched by the side and was slightly moved too. But if he competed against Duke Long now, it would not be a good idea.


Firstly, he had just arrived at an agreement with Duke Long, if he acts against him now, this would go against Qi Sea Ancestor’s character.


Secondly, Fang Yuan was not confident in competing with Heavenly Court.


If he tried to kill Shen Cong Sheng to snatch Fang Zheng away, the chances were very slim.


However, Fang Yuan did not give up, he secretly transmitted to Shen Cong Sheng and inquired.


Shen Cong Sheng heard that Qi Sea Ancestor was also interested in Fang Zheng, he quickly replied: “To speak the truth, I had just soul searched Fang Zheng, I know about his recent encounters. It seems that he indeed counters Fang Yuan, someway or another, he manages to exert negative influence on Fang Yuan.”


Bright light shined in Fang Yuan’s eyes as he immediately asked Shen Cong Sheng secretly: “Even though this Fang Yuan is only rank seven and I have only met him once, he left a deep impression on me. Since Fang Zheng counters Fang Yuan, you should keep him and negotiate with Fang Yuan. After all, he has many venerable true inheritances in his hands. If you really transact with Heavenly Court, will they want to give you venerable true inheritances?”


Fang Yuan attempted to convince Shen Cong Sheng to keep Fang Zheng so that he could find a chance to strike.


After all, the difficulty of planning to take Fang Zheng, who was in Shen Cong Sheng’s hands, was completely different from him being in Heavenly Court’s hands.


Shen Cong Sheng answered very quickly, he did not dare to keep Fang Yuan waiting, he smiled: “Ancestor is right, this is a good suggestion!”


He said that as he turned to Duke Long: “If Heavenly Court wants Fang Zheng back, give me a venerable true inheritance.”


“Hahaha.” Duke Long laughed loudly in amusement: “Oh Shen Cong Sheng, you are too greedy. Do you think you are on the same level as Qi Sea? Friend Qi Sea was able to get a venerable true inheritance through fighting and gaining my acknowledgement. If you can get a venerable true inheritance from just trading a captive, wouldn’t you be treating Qi Sea as a joke?”


“Shen Cong Sheng, watch your attitude.”


“If you still have unrealistic goals, then let’s have a fight first.”


Duke Long’s change of attitude was very clear, he spoke domineeringly, completely different from when he spoke to Fang Yuan.


Shen Cong Sheng felt a little troubled, Duke Long was very eloquent, he purposely mentioned Qi Sea Ancestor, praising him and using this as a bargaining chip.


But Shen Cong Sheng had done soul search on Fang Zheng, he understood the value that this person had, he smiled coldly as he said without fear: “Duke Long, I know that I am not your match, but so what? You can defeat me but you cannot kill me now. Furthermore, Fang Zheng is in my hands, I can kill him with a single thought.”


“If you do not want to give a venerable true inheritance, what do you want to offer? Let me see Heavenly Court’s sincerity.”


Shen Cong Sheng was not stupid, he spoke in a tone mixed with hard and soft words, he had taken a step back and stopped requesting for a venerable true inheritance forcefully.


After all, Duke Long was much stronger than him!


Both sides negotiated for a long time but did not come to an agreement.


Shen Cong Sheng wanted a lot because Fang Zheng was really important to Duke Long and Heavenly Court.


Fang Yuan watched by the side as he gained a clearer understanding of the situation. The more Heavenly Court placed importance on Fang Zheng, the more likely he was trouble to Fang Yuan, and the greater Fang Yuan’s killing intent became.


He secretly spoke to Shen Cong Sheng: “In my opinion, you should contact Fang Yuan first and talk to him. He might give a higher price than Heavenly Court.”


But Shen Cong Sheng had already made up his mind, he replied: “Senior Qi Sea Ancestor, I am more willing to hand Fang Zheng over to Heavenly Court. Firstly, Heavenly Court is a righteous path force, it has a reputation to upkeep, it also needs a living Fang Zheng. But Fang Yuan only wants a dead Fang Zheng, he might not negotiate with me peacefully. Secondly, in terms of wealth and foundation, who in this world can match Heavenly Court?”


Shen Cong Sheng was a righteous path member after all, he had an innate barrier with the demonic path Fang Yuan, he was more willing to interact with Heavenly Court even though he was full of wariness against them.


Fang Yuan saw that he could not convince him, he could not overdo this in case they found anything suspicious, he could only think of new plans.


Duke Long became increasingly impatient.


He had already spent all his effort negotiating with Fang Yuan earlier, it was not his usual way of handling things. Now that he also had to talk to Shen Cong Sheng, Duke Long felt an impulse to attack.


But Fang Yuan was right beside him, considering that Shen Cong Sheng and Qi Sea Ancestor were both Eastern Sea Gu Immortals, Duke Long held down his urge.


At this time, Fairy Zi Wei gave Duke Long a piece of information.


Duke Long heard it and his eyes shined, this was an important bargaining chip, he quickly transmitted to Shen Cong Sheng.


Shen Cong Sheng’s expression changed, he cried out: “Really?”


“Of course.” Duke Long nodded: “How about that? The resources I mentioned earlier and this intel.”


Shen Cong Sheng agreed without hesitation.


This made Fang Yuan and Song Qi Yuan feel surprised, they wondered what transaction those two had just done.


Gu Yue Fang Zheng was handed over to Duke Long by Shen Cong Sheng on the spot.


Fang Zheng had already fainted, Duke Long held onto him as he bid farewell to Fang Yuan.


Fang Yuan could not make him stay, he had to say goodbye as well.


The remaining two Eastern Sea immortals said the same thing, they invited Fang Yuan to be their guest in the clan, they promised to gift some resources to Fang Yuan as the compensation for destroying the immortal battlefield unintentionally.


Fang Yuan nodded, he needed these two people to influence Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortal world.


After agreeing on a time, Fang Yuan turned around and left.


After flying for a while, he stopped at a certain cloud.


From within the cloud, an Immortal Gu House appeared, the dragonman clone walked out.


Fang Yuan and his clone smiled at each other.


On this expedition to retrieve Dragon Palace in Eastern Sea, even though there were many hurdles, nothing bad had happened in the end, his gains were even more than expected!




