Chapter 185: Gu Yue Founder, Five Great Flying Zombies


The tunnel entrance wasn’t big and had been hidden beneath the red soil before. But now, as the blood lake surged and waves crashed against the walls, the soil had been washed away and fell into the lake. As a result, the tunnel entrance was revealed.


No matter where it led, the tunnel was like the light of hope. Fang Yuan immediately turned and started swimming towards it.


BOOM!


Another intense explosion occurred in the air. The enormous force of it crashed into the surroundings and violently pushed Fang Yuan forward.


“Damn it!” he cursed.


The tunnel entrance was buried once again by falling soil.


Iron Hand Gu!


Tie Xue Leng found an opening. He took a deep breath and slowly extended his right hand.


The air in front of him rippled, and a giant black iron hand appeared. It moved deceptively fast, pressing down on the Blood River Python’s tail in an instant.


The python struggled fiercely, and its wet, slick scales allowed it to slip out of the hand, scattering golden-red sparks.


Tie Xue Leng was quite experienced in battle and was not discouraged. He slightly raised his head, puffed up his cheeks and blew strongly towards the Blood River Python.


Whoosh!


Pitch black oil poured out like a waterfall and formed into the shape of a dragon in midair. The oil plunged towards the Blood River Python.


Oil Dragon Gu!


The beast was furious. It snarled and started tearing at the Oil Dragon Gu.


The black oil dragon was not in the least inferior to Blood River Python in terms of size, but it was only a rank four Gu and did not have a physical body. It was soon torn to shreds by the python.


Rather than being disappointed, Tie Xue Leng smiled.


Beasts were beasts. If a Gu Master had personally controlled it, they would have seen through this classic and ordinary battle tactic. Although the Blood River Python had been refined by a Gu Master, it lacked the wisdom of humans.


The oil dragon was exterminated, causing backlash to the Oil Dragon Gu in his aperture.


Tie Xue Leng didn’t care; he stopped using the Oil Dragon Gu, then began activating his Fire Dragon Gu.


He gave a loud shout and his body shook, and then a Gu made of flame shot out of his aperture. The flame quickly formed into a fire snake, coiling around itself.


As the fire snake flew, it grew bigger, forming scales, claws, horns, and sharp teeth. Its face stretched out like a horse’s before it settled into that of an enormous dragon.


This Fire Dragon Gu was also a rank four Gu, but it was extremely effective against the Blood River Python.


The oil dragon had left a massive amount of black oil on the python’s body as well as on the surface of the lake. The fire dragon ignited all of that oil and began roasting the python.


A raging inferno burned on the blood lake, causing the air temperature to rise rapidly.


The fire dragon was not the Blood River Python’s match at all. It kept shrinking as they fought, suffering heavy injuries. But every time, it would dive into the raging inferno and replenish itself.


With the flames as its territory, the fire dragon had the home advantage.


The Blood River Python suffered constant burns as it fought with the fire dragon, and the air was filled with the smell of scorched meat.


Though it normally had a berserk nature and would only fight back harder if it was suppressed, the beast was now shrinking back. It fled from the fire dragon and dove deep into the blood lake.


Man was the spirit of all living beings and possessed the intelligence to develop new concepts. Tie Xue Leng’s tactics allowed him to use two rank four Gu to make the rank five Blood River Python retreat.


But Gu were the essence of heaven and earth, containing a portion of the laws of nature. And the Blood River Python’s ability was an extremely potent self-healing.


As it sank to the bottom of the lake, the blood continuously nourished it, rapidly mending the wounds on its body. The fire dragon had the home advantage, but so did the Blood River Python. As long as the blood lake existed, it was like a cockroach that couldn’t be killed.


Fang Yuan’s situation was growing more perilous.


The inferno on the surface of the blood lake was constantly spreading and burning even hotter, and the flames were roasting him alive.


The pressure on the Sky Canopy Gu was getting bigger and bigger. But the most critical problem was that it was getting hard to breathe.


The flames consumed a great deal of oxygen, and the underground cavern had been half-sealed, so it took time for the air to be replenished. Fang Yuan was gradually starting to suffocate.


Although the Oil Dragon Gu and Fire Dragon Gu sent Blood River Python retreating with their combined efforts, this is only temporary. As long as it can return to the blood lake, the Blood River Python can exploit its terrifying healing factor. Once it resurfaces, it will be good as new, and the Fire Dragon Gu will no longer be its match. But it is impossible for Tie Xue Leng to not know this. Then he…


Fang Yuan bobbed up and down on the blazing lake; his thoughts were revolving rapidly. His heart tensed as he thought of the reason.


If he wasn’t wrong, Tie Xue Leng should have achieved his intention by making Blood River Python retreat.


Therefore, he was buying time and creating the right situation to prepare a decisive move.


Sure enough, in the next moment, Tie Xue Leng suddenly extended both arms as he let out a deep roar.


He withdrew the righteous aura that had been suppressing everything, and wholeheartedly poured his rank five primeval essence into his copper mask.


The mask started to glow. At first it was just a glimmer, but in a few breaths, it shone with dazzling green light, as bright as a fragment of the sun.


The green light shone upon everything like a monarch overlooking heaven and earth. For a moment, the red soil, blood lake, and raging inferno were covered in green.


The green light contained a mystical power.


Under this power, the mountain rocks began to shake and crumble.


From above the cavern, enormous boulders came crumbling down, flying towards the copper mask. Tons of soil and rocks flew towards him from all directions.


Tie Xue Leng’s face was already shrouded by the light from the copper mask. The stone and soil gathered all around the copper mask and condensed into a human figure.


Debris continued to converge on it, making it grow larger and larger.


Three meters, five meters, eight meters…in the end, it reached eighteen meters!


Giant Mountain Puppet Gu!


The indomitable giant descended towards the blood lake.


Its feet touched the bottom when the blood lake reached its waist. Its form was robust and grand; its arms were so wide that a chariot could run on top of them, and it could hold an elephant in its fist.


Its face was an enlarged version of the copper mask, simple and unadorned.


“Fire dragon, come.” Its voice seemed to shake heaven and earth.


The fire dragon flew up from the inferno and coiled around the giant’s right arm like a snake, resting its head on the giant’s shoulder.


Next, the Oil Dragon Gu flew out and reformed its body, coiling around the giant’s left arm and resting its head on the giant’s other shoulder.


With dragons on his left and right, the giant figure appeared like the descent of a heavenly deity!


Fang Yuan used all his strength to swim towards the tunnel entrance. The soil covering it had been pulled to the giant puppet when it was forming its body, so the entrance was once again revealed.


The battlefield was becoming more dangerous and the tunnel entrance could be buried again at any time. Fang Yuan didn’t dare to stay longer.


The flames on the water gradually died. Suddenly, a huge red wave rose from the blood lake.


The Blood River Python burst out, coiling around the giant puppet as it moved upwards. The giant snake’s head smashed towards the giant puppet’s face like a battering ram.


The force behind the blow was tremendous. If it really landed, more than half of the giant puppet’s head would be destroyed.


“Iron Hand Gu!” the giant puppet shouted. The air split open and an iron hand flew out, grabbing at the snake’s head.


With a loud boom, the iron hand shattered, but the Blood River Python’s attack was also stopped.


Tie Xue Leng won a brief respite. The giant puppet’s hands grabbed towards the python.


The oil dragon and fire dragon seized the chance and coiled around the Blood River Python. The two dragons combined and formed a blazing flame, roasting the beast.


The Blood River Python hissed in pain as it struggled furiously. But why would Tie Xue Leng let it escape so easily? The giant puppet’s hands were like pincers as they firmly held it.


The Blood River Python could not escape. Its body was scorched black, filling the air with the stench of burning flesh. But its predicament only stimulated its vicious nature. It coiled around the giant puppet and violently contracted, trying to kill its foe by constriction.


Although the giant puppet was made from condensed mountain rock, its body had the softness of the red soil. Under the constricting coils, its waist shrank by half.


Cracking sounds emerged, and fragments of rocks flew in all directions.


With death approaching, the Blood River Python burst forth with even greater strength.


Just as Fang Yuan reached the tunnel entrance, the giant puppet suddenly coughed.


Tie Xue Leng’s old illness had reappeared!


The giant puppet’s hands loosened, and the Blood River Python hissed as it tried to leap forward.


However, the giant puppet’s hands tightened again. The python opened its mouth wide, baring its sharp fangs as it tried to reach the giant to bite it, but it was still a bit short.


It was not able to retaliate and was gradually losing its strength; it would burn to death soon.


But at that moment, dense, bloody fog rose up from the middle of the blood lake.


Blood Frenzy Gu! Fang Yuan’s eyes showed a hint of dread. He immediately climbed inside the tunnel.


The bloody fog rapidly pervaded the air, finally extinguishing the raging inferno.


A whirlpool appeared in the middle of the blood lake.


It quickly grew, spreading out from the center of the lake until its edges touched the surrounding walls.


“Hmph, Gu Yue Founder, you couldn’t endure it anymore?” the giant puppet coldly snorted.


A giant wave of blood ten meters tall shot up out of the middle of the whirlpool.


And from within the wave, a vertical crimson coffin gradually rose up.


“Hehehehe…” A strange, hoarse voice resounded from within the coffin, sending shivers through all who heard it.


“Young Junior, you dare to spoil my plan. If you wish to court death, who am I to deny it to you!!” Before the echoes of that voice died away, the coffin lid sprang open, revealing the shriveled corpse of a man.


His face, hair, and long fangs were red as blood, and his eyes were like dying embers. He had no skin, and thin strips of red muscle clung to his white bones.


“Junior, you are wounded, and still you dare to provoke me. Today, you will die!!” Though the corpse spoke, there was no movement in its mouth. The voice appeared to come from its abdomen.


Rank five Blood Wight Gu! Is he really the founder? Fang Yuan was surprised, but not shocked.


In this magical world, there were plenty of Gu Masters who lived for centuries. Besides orthodox methods like using Lifespan Gu, there were also some demonic ways to live forever.


For instance, the rank two Roaming Zombie Gu.


If it was used for too long, the Gu Master would truly become a zombie, and as long as they occasionally fed on blood, they could live forever.


The Gu Yue founder before him had used such a method.


The Blood Wight Gu was one of the rank five advancement routes of the Roaming Zombie Gu. Together with the Asura Zombie, Heavenly Demon Zombie, Nightmare Zombie, and Plague Zombie, they were called the Five Great Flying Zombies.


Lifespan Gu were difficult to find. The founder had turned himself into a Blood Wight and buried himself here!


