Chapter 186: Spring and Autumn Do Not Appear


Above the blood lake, two strong foes opposed each other.


“Even the rank five Blood Wight is only a zombie in the end. Gu Yue Founder, you are no longer a living person, you are full of death essence. Your aperture is dead as well, and even though you can store primeval essence, every bit you use cannot be replenished,” the giant puppet said coldly.


“Hehehe…although I cannot recover primeval essence, so what? I can still use primeval stones to regain primeval essence. You are injured, yet you dare disturb me…die!” the Gu Yue founder shouted.


All at once, blood mist spewed out, and waves raged across the blood lake as countless insects flew out.


They were rank five Blood Guillotine Gu!


At the same time, Bladewing Blood Bats flew out from the cave ceiling and from beneath the blood lake, joining together and charging at the giant puppet.


The army of bats numbered almost a thousand.


Although they were only rank three and were only effective in close combat, their numbers made up for their quality. Even the rank five Tie Xue Leng felt a headache fighting against them.


But that was not all of them. Now that the Gu Yue founder had awakened, bats continued to pour into the cavern at his command.


He had lived here for almost a thousand years and had a heaven-defying scheme. He had long made this place into his lair, and now he held the territorial advantage.


The bats flew in organized formations in the air, flitting about like squads of troops as they surrounded the giant puppet.


The Blood River Python stopped struggling and coiled up to strike. Tie Xue Leng felt the threat and deepened his focus.


Although Gu acting independently could be strong, they were unintelligent. The difference between the capabilities of these beasts with and without a Gu Master’s control was like heaven and earth.


The Gu Yue founder only just appeared, and yet he has turned the tables and almost suppressed Tie Xue Leng. He has the advantage of location and troops, while Tie Xue Leng is injured. The situation is not looking good.


Fang Yuan hid in the shadow of the tunnel entrance, observing the battle.


But Tie Xue Leng has roamed the Southern Border for many years. To enter this trap while injured, he must have some sort of trump card. No matter what, there’s going to be an intense battle soon, and this whole cave system might even collapse. Should I stay here and observe? Staying here is very dangerous. This is the deepest part of these caves, and if there is a collapse, I might get buried alive. If I stay and watch the show, what are the chances of me benefiting from their conflict?


Fang Yuan thought quickly, evaluating the gains and losses.


He was only rank three initial stage now, and there was high risk in staying. Even an indirect hit from one of their attacks would cause him to be heavily injured.


But if he managed to survive to the end and reap the rewards, the benefits would be overwhelming. After all, the wealth of a rank five Gu Master could save up to a hundred years of hard work!


High risk, high return… Fang Yuan heaved a long sigh and decided to retreat.


The situation was no longer under his control; there was too much risk in staying.


Birds die for food and men die for wealth. He had seen far too many situations like this in his previous life.


He was vigilant by nature. As long as he continued to live, there would always be more opportunities in the future. After all, he knew countless secrets and many unexposed inheritances. He did not have to risk his life here.


Just as Fang Yuan was about to leave, a small group of blood bats flew out from the army towards him.


This blood bat group numbered around a hundred, causing Fang Yuan to quickly retreat.


“My clan junior, don’t worry. There are traps set up in that cave, as well as the dwellings of many beasts. These blood bats can ensure your safety,” the Gu Yue founder called after him.


When Fang Yuan heard that, he ran even faster. The Gu Yue founder was slightly shocked at that. He hadn’t expected Fang Yuan to be so observant at such a young age, capable of sensing his evil intent. He immediately sent another group of a hundred bats chasing after Fang Yuan.


This brief distraction left an opening, and Tie Xue Leng took advantage of it.


Heaven Earth Magnificent Sound Gu!


The giant puppet opened its mouth, letting out a roar that shook the Nine Heavens. The overwhelming soundwaves rushed in all directions like thunder.


The Bladewing Blood Bat Gu close to it were instantly slaughtered, plummeting into the lake.


The bats further away fell into disarray from the attack and began flying randomly in the air.


The organization of the bat army crumbled in an instant, and they became useless for a short time.


Heaven Earth Magnificent Sound Gu was a wide-area rank five attacking Gu, and it happened to perfectly counter the blood bats. When Tie Xue Leng had first used it, he had restrained its power. But now that he used the body of the giant puppet as a conduit and went all out, he could display its true might.


Even the countless Blood Guillotine Gu flying through the air were killed. As the blood mist dispersed, clear vision returned.


The soundwaves bounced off the walls and the mountain began to tremble.


With the giant puppet as the focal point, the bloody water was forced outward, forming a bowl-shaped empty space in the middle of the lake. The blood waves raced outward and poured through the tunnel entrance.


But before that, the sound wave arrived.


Fang Yuan was caught in the crossfire, his white armor shimmering and almost breaking apart. Enduring the soundwaves cost him almost 10% of his primeval essence.


The sound echoed in the narrow cave, and Fang Yuan’s ears could not endure the buzzing. He staggered and almost fell.


However, the soundwave had also helped him.


Of the two groups of blood bats chasing him, the second had been decimated and the first fell into chaos and stopped their pursuit.


It was a rare chance, so Fang Yuan quickly sprinted forward, pulling some distance ahead.


But these bats were the furthest group from the giant puppet, so they recovered quickly. They flapped their wings, continuing their assault.


There were about a hundred blood bats, all rank three. Fang Yuan could not fight against them and could only run away.


At the start, the tunnel was too dark for him to make anything out. But now, his eyes had adapted, and he could see a bit of the area.


This was all thanks to the red soil emitting light.


Although his Thunderwings Gu was quite unreliable at this point, it still helped a little, and Fang Yuan activated it with all his might.


But even so, the blood bats were faster, and the distance between them gradually decreased.


This should be far enough, it’s time to use the Spring Autumn Cicada! Fang Yuan gritted his teeth. As the blood bat group continued to approach, he could only use this method!


The Bladewing Blood Bats were only rank three, so the aura of a rank six Gu would completely dominate them. But Tie Xue Leng and the Gu Yue founder were nearby.


Once the Spring Autumn Cicada appeared, it would certainly cause a distortion in the world, and the commotion would attract their attention.


But Fang Yuan had no choice. In this situation, he could only hope that they were too caught up in their fight and could not pay any attention to him.


Screech screech…


The bats were almost within a hundred paces.


Fang Yuan breathed out in anticipation and thought, Spring Autumn Cicada, come out!


One second, two seconds, three seconds…


Fang Yuan was stunned, standing motionless. The Spring Autumn Cicada remained in the center of his aperture, unmoving, as it emitted a brilliant yellow-green light.


How can this be?! Fang Yuan was shocked.


•••


Far away from the underground cave, the sky glowed amidst the mist.


It was dawn.


On a certain mountain slope, Gu Yue Bo stood side by side with the leaders of the Bai Clan and Xiong Clan.


“Although the real competition is tomorrow, we still need to hold the preliminaries. The time is just right, so shall we start?” the Xiong clan leader asked, smiling.


The Bai clan leader snorted, ignoring him.


“Then let’s begin,” Gu Yue Bo answered, distracted. He scanned the Gu Masters gathered there, but he could not find Fang Yuan among them.


His worry intensified.


These Gu Masters were all under thirty years old, and they had split into three distinct groups, one for each clan.


At a glance, the strength of each clan was apparent.


The Xiong Clan had the most Gu Masters since they hid during the wolf tide and kept most of their battle strength. The Gu Yue Clan and Bai Clan had fewer members, but the Bai Clan had Bai Ning Bing. He alone was enough to put the Bai Clan at the top of the rankings.


The Xiong clan leader shouted, “This competition will be held in the surrounding hundred li, and it will end when the sun sets. There will be no rule against life-and-death battles, but I hope you will control yourselves. All of you have a token, and anyone who collects thirty of them is qualified to enter the competition tomorrow! Ready, and start!”


Battling to the death was allowed, and only those who qualified could enter. There was no limit on how many could participate, and they could battle anywhere in the surrounding hundred li. Even entering partway through was permitted.


It was not a fair competition, but the three clan leaders did not seem to show any resentment at that.


In this world, survival was based on the strength of one’s fist. The stronger you were, the greater your right to obtain benefits. If you were weak, then you should curse your luck and lay low, accumulating your strength so that one day you might become strong.


•••


In the space of a few breaths, Fang Yuan felt like two or three years had passed.


His forehead was full of cold sweat. The Spring Autumn Cicada could not leave his aperture? How could this happen?


The Spring Autumn Cicada was his vital Gu, it was very important to him. A rank six Gu, his final trump card, and it could not be controlled! The problem was so severe that he had to place all his attention on it.


In the dark cave, his eyes narrowed.


He panicked for less than a second before calming himself down.


His mind moved like lightning. His spirit entered his aperture and examined the Spring Autumn Cicada. There was nothing wrong with it, and it was still recovering rapidly.


But no matter how Fang Yuan bent his will, the Gu remained motionless in the center.


I get it! Fang Yuan was enlightened. Once the Spring Autumn Cicada becomes one’s vital Gu, it must remain in the aperture and can no longer leave.


Gu were the essence of heaven and earth. They contained endless possibilities and had countless forms and abilities.


Gu worms had three aspects: nurturing, using, and refining. All three were deep and profound, and there were countless examples of special cases in all of them.


For nurturing, Gu worms only ate specific food. For refinement, there were all sorts of requirements.


For using, there were countless conditions. The Bamboo Gentleman could only be used by a Gu Master that had never lied. The Righteous Gu required its user to have a heart of justice. The Photo-Audio Gu died after being used once, but left a video on a surface that could endure for a period of time.


Once the Spring Autumn Cicada became one’s vital Gu, it must remain in one’s aperture and could no longer be moved. This aspect reminded Fang Yuan of another Gu: the Water Curtain Skyflower.


