Chapter 187: The River of Time and the Ferry


The Water Curtain Skyflower Gu was a rank four Gu. Once used, it would turn into a giant spherical water shield. The barrier was extremely powerful, capable of resisting attacks even from rank five Gu. However, it had a big weakness: it couldn’t be moved and couldn’t be stopped. The water shield isolated the inside and outside world, so even the owner couldn’t freely enter or exit. Many forces used it in emergencies to protect their territory.

Fang Yuan was not familiar with the Spring Autumn Cicada.

In his previous life, he’d died due to the besiegement of the righteous path right after he’d refined it. He simply didn’t have time to experiment with it. Also, the Spring Autumn Cicada hadn’t been his vital Gu at the time, so this characteristic couldn’t have revealed itself.

In this life, his cultivation had been low, so he hadn’t dared to randomly try to release it from his aperture.

The Spring Autumn Cicada was classified as one of the most unusual Gu and was extremely mysterious. Records of the insights and experiences of its users had never been spread.

Furthermore, once a Gu reached rank six or higher, it would become unique. If someone wanted to refine the same Gu, they would fail one hundred percent of the time until it no longer existed anywhere else.

Thus, it was impossible for Fang Yuan to learn of this characteristic till now.

Rebirth isn’t an easy thing. It seems the Spring Autumn Cicada conceals disaster. It is recovering faster and faster, and even the cultivation speed of someone with A grade aptitude and a sea of resources might not be enough to surpass it. Sooner or later, their aperture will explode under the pressure of the Spring Autumn Cicada!

Fang Yuan clenched his teeth.

Rebirth was beautiful, but possessing Spring Autumn Cicada was equivalent to having half an Extreme Physique. It was like standing with a rope around your neck on the gallows, ready to drop and die at any moment!

If I can’t let Spring Autumn Cicada out, then does that mean I can only use it to rebirth again? Fang Yuan’s frown deepened.

This appeared to be the only way. If he rebirthed, the Spring Autumn Cicada would once again be weakened like it had been a few years ago, reducing the pressure on his aperture.

But while this situation seemed to be ideal, it contained many problems and dangers.

First of all, there was no guarantee that he would rebirth successfully.

After using the Spring Autumn Cicada once, he had obtained valuable experience.

He came to understand it by integrating a concept from Earth. The world was a three-dimensional space, and time was the fourth dimension that connected the past and present. Without time, space would be stationary. The movement of every bit of matter was a process that signified the consumption of time.

There were no parallel timelines in this world. Using the Spring Autumn Cicada to be reborn was to take a step from the latter half of the time axis (the future) to some point in the first half (the past).

However, Fang Yuan’s grown and matured body from the future didn’t exist in the past.

Due to the restrictions of the laws of heaven and earth, his body couldn’t be brought into the past. Instead, it would self-detonate, and the energy from that explosion was like fuel. The fragments of the laws of time in the Spring Autumn Cicada were like a ferry, and it used the fuel to carry Fang Yuan’s consciousness from the future to be reborn in the past.

Consciousness wasn’t physical. But strictly speaking, this future consciousness also didn’t exist in the past.

The ingenuity was contained therein!

The future consciousness led to the Gu Master changing themselves, and thereby influencing their surroundings. This influence would gradually extend to the whole world. There was a term from Earth for this: the butterfly effect.

Due to the butterfly effect, the world would no longer be the same as it was before one’s rebirth, causing the existence of the consciousness from the future to receive the approval of the world.

Someone once described history as a river. A change in an event upstream would completely change the river downstream.

This mystical world of Gu was like the water in that long river. Most people could only go along with the current, moving from upstream to downstream. Fang Yuan’s consciousness, however, used the Spring Autumn Cicada to go from downstream to upstream.

When he made changes upstream, there would also be changes downstream. But the river was still the same river; the world of Gu was still the world of Gu. It was just that history had taken another turn, bringing another possibility into existence.

This analogy could be easily understood.

However, the Spring Autumn Cicada hadn’t recovered completely. It was like a leaky, worn-out boat right now.

Fang Yuan’s cultivation was also only rank three initial stage. There would be an unimaginable difference between the fuel created by the self-detonation of his current self compared to the self-detonation of his rank six self from his previous life. With such minute force, he simply wouldn’t be able to drive the ferry very far up the River of Time.

I probably wouldn’t succeed if I tried to rebirth. Who’s to say my leaky boat wouldn’t be stranded in that long river? And if that happens, my consciousness and memories will be washed away by the waters of time. To raise the probability of success, it would be best to wait until my aperture is pushed to its limit, to stall for time as much as possible to let the Spring Autumn Cicada recover more, decreasing the number of holes in the boat. At the same time, increasing my cultivation will provide more fuel to push upstream after my self-detonation. Fang Yuan heaved a long sigh.

This change in the Spring Autumn Cicada was beyond his anticipation. But with his ever-cautious nature, he had already formulated a plan.

The blood bats were drawing close. Fang Yuan, however, was focused on his aperture.

Rays of yellow-green light flooded his primeval sea, the white silver primeval essence still and smooth as a mirror beneath the Spring Autumn Cicada’s majestic aura. But there were dangerous cracks in the light membrane of his aperture walls.

All his other Gu had been pressed down to the depths of the sea by the Spring Autumn Cicada’s presence.

At Fang Yuan’s will, a Gu slowly flew to the surface of the sea, resisting this pressure.

It looked like a square gambling die made of firm, gray stone.

This was one of the Gu that Fang Yuan had plundered from Bai Ning Bing.

It was a consumable Gu and would disappear after one use. But its effects were extraordinary: it would extract all the strength and potential in a Gu Master’s aperture to instantly raise their cultivation to peak stage of the same rank. At the same time, it would prevent them from naturally recovering primeval essence.

Stone Aperture Gu, explode.

At Fang Yuan’s will, the Gu detonated, transforming into gray smoke like that of a cigarette. The smoke pervaded the primeval sea.

His aperture walls were originally a light membrane, but once the smoke touched it, the light immediately dimmed. The smoke clung to the light membrane, and it gradually thickened, transmuting into stone.

After a few seconds, Fang Yuan’s aperture walls had thickened several times over and formed a heavy, sturdy stone aperture.

The Spring Autumn Cicada’s yellow-green radiance still flickered, but the aperture could now support the pressure.

Fang Yuan had been at rank three initial stage with light silver primeval essence. But now, his cultivation had leaped to rank three peak stage, and he possessed snow silver primeval essence!

Using the Stone Aperture Gu means cutting off the possibility of advancing normally and using up all the potential within one’s aperture. Like this, it will be very difficult to reach rank four. But now, with a stone aperture, I can support the Spring Autumn Cicada for much longer than before! Bai Ning Bing must have obtained this Gu to deal with his Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique. Unfortunately for him, the Ten Extreme Physiques are much more troublesome than the Spring Autumn Cicada. Their potential is endless, and even the Stone Aperture Gu cannot suppress their talent for long; the aperture will quickly recover.

At that moment, the Bladewing Blood Bats pounced, going for the kill.

Fang Yuan gave a cold snort, then took out his Chainsaw Golden Centipede, killing them as he retreated.

Fortunately, the tunnel was narrow, and between the Sky Canopy Gu’s defenses and the Chainsaw Golden Centipede’s wide body, he was able to prevent the bats from surrounding him.

This greatly reduced their threat.

For a moment, there was only the medley of battle within the tunnel. The sound of the Chainsaw Golden Centipede’s buzzing and the sound of the bats crashing against his white armor echoed against the walls in chorus.

The primeval essence in Fang Yuan’s aperture continued to deplete rapidly.

While there were close to a hundred bats, there was no Gu Master present to control them. They were unable to cooperate properly, so Fang Yuan only had to deal with thirty or forty of them at once.

But even that many wasn’t something he could withstand, and he had to retreat as he fought.

What was even more awkward was that, even though he had leaped to rank three peak stage, his aperture still contained his initial stage light silver primeval essence. His C grade aptitude meant that he was very slow to naturally produce snow silver primeval essence. The current situation also didn’t allow him to take out primeval stones to absorb their natural primeval essence. In a real battle, it would be suicidal, not to mention far more inefficient than if done without distractions.

Using primeval stones like that could only be used to supplement one’s cultivation, or to exploit short gaps in a battle to quickly recover primeval essence.

Luckily, Fang Yuan obtained a certain Gu not long ago: the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus.

This Gu could directly produce primeval stones; it was very precious and rare. But in fact, this effect was only an expression of its true ability.

The Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus was also called a “portable spirit spring”, and its true ability was to produce natural primeval essence. That primeval essence would then condense to form primeval stones.

Right now, the Treasure Lotus lay deep in his primeval sea, appearing like an extremely small spirit spring.

The Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus’s recipe was created by Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable.

Only Gu Masters who reached rank nine were given the title of Venerable. If they followed the righteous path, they were titled Immortal Venerables; for the demonic path, they were called Demon Venerables.

Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable was famous as the person with the fastest primeval essence recovery speed in all of history. In this aspect, he surpassed every other Venerable, and it was all due to the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus!

Fang Yuan’s Treasure Lotus was only rank three, and he had just refined it, so it was at its weakest. But it was already providing a continuous supply of natural primeval essence.

The moment this natural primeval essence appeared in his aperture, it was automatically refined into snow silver primeval essence.

If Fang Yuan tried to absorb primeval essence from primeval stones, he would have to divert some of his attention. But the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus was his Gu, so using it was as simple and easy as moving his fingers!

Fang Yuan continued to retreat, and with the assistance of the Treasure Lotus, his primeval essence recovery speed could already be compared to a B grade aptitude Gu Master.

“Kill!”

He gave a fierce shout as he abruptly turned, charging into the blood bats.

The Chainsaw Golden Centipede exploded forth, and its silver sawteeth buzzed crazily, screeching as they cut through a Bladewing Blood Bat hiding at the rear.

Although it looked almost the same as the other bats, if one looked closely, it would seem a bit more dominant. It was the sole male bat in the group, and the only one that had been refined by the Gu Yue founder. By controlling it, he was able to indirectly control the female bats around it.

Fang Yuan had been secretly planning this attack, observing carefully for the right moment. With the Gu Yue founder not present to see through his plan and counter it, the attack was very effective.

The male bat died, its body shredded into a bloody pulp.

The remaining female bats immediately scattered!

