Chapter 188: The Senior Paved the Way


Male and female blood bats did not appear physically different. But Fang Yuan was beyond familiar with them due to his previous life. As long as he had enough time, he could differentiate them.


Without the male bat, the entire group fell into chaos.


Fang Yuan took the chance and swung the Chainsaw Golden Centipede, killing his way through.


In mere moments, over twenty bats had been slaughtered, showing the fruits of his tactics.


But the intense battle also used up a tremendous amount of Fang Yuan’s primeval essence.


Time to go! He retreated decisively, running with all his might.


By the time the bats reacted, Fang Yuan was already a hundred paces away. About twenty bats continued to chase after him, while the rest scattered in all directions.


“Gasp…gasp…” Fang Yuan breathed hard as he sprinted through the narrow tunnel while activating the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus.


His primeval sea gradually replenished itself.


The more time passed, the faster Fang Yuan’s battle strength recovered.


Suddenly, Fang Yuan’s thunderwings flapped, sending him hurtling forward and almost making him crash into the cave wall.


The Thunderwings Gu had been infected by a Blood Frenzy Gu and had reached its limit. It was starting to go out of control.


Very soon, the Thunderwings Gu will turn into a pool of blood and become a new source of pollution. Fang Yuan stopped hesitating and, after a few attempts, finally managed to will the disobedient Thunderwings Gu to detach from his back.


Go. Fang Yuan resolutely gave up on the Gu, throwing it behind him.


The Bladewing Blood Bats behind him surrounded it, tearing it to pieces.


The distraction gave Fang Yuan a little more time to recover.


By the time the bats caught up to him, he had already recovered over half his total primeval essence.


Snow silver primeval essence was several times more concentrated than light silver primeval essence, pushing Fang Yuan’s battle strength far beyond what it had been not long before.


He laughed heartily, swinging the Chainsaw Golden Centipede as he fought once again.


After killing eight or nine of them, the rest flew away and escaped.


Unfortunately I do not have a Gu like the Iron Hand Gu. Bladewing Blood Bats fly too quickly and their wings are sharp, so they are difficult to capture. It would have been nice to grab a few of them.


Fang Yuan stored the Chainsaw Golden Centipede, and turned around towards the deeper part of the cave.


When he had snatched the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus, he had been engulfed by a current of blood. That had definitely been caused by the Gu Yue founder.


The founder had used a Blood Wight Gu to transform himself into a flying zombie. His aperture was long dead and could no longer naturally recover primeval essence. Unless he used primeval stones, he would be limited by whatever amount he had already available in his aperture.


But if he had a Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus, it would go a long way towards negating this weakness.


Thus, he had sent two groups of Bladewing Blood Bats towards Fang Yuan to attempt to capture him. Thankfully, Fang Yuan saw through his scheme and fled. Tie Xue Leng had also indirectly helped him with the soundwave attack.


I wonder how their battle is going. Fang Yuan’s gaze was focused.


No matter which side won, they would still target him.


Tie Xue Leng wanted to bring him to justice, while the Gu Yue founder wanted the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus.


Although the bats had dispersed, Fang Yuan was still in danger.


I have to leave Qing Mao Mountain as soon as possible! Fang Yun gritted his teeth. He could only go forward, trying to find a way out further down the tunnel.


This cave was obviously man-made, but after a long time, many areas had collapsed.


Fang Yuan continued to advance, and whenever he came to a dead end, he could only use the Chainsaw Golden Centipede.


This Gu was originally an underground creature, adept at burrowing, so it was quite useful in these situations.


Fang Yuan also had the strength of two boars, which he used to dig through the soil to continue forward.


These obstructions greatly reduced his speed, and it took him three or four hours before he finally reached the end of the cave.


A large sturdy rock wall blocked his path completely.


Even the Chainsaw Golden Centipede couldn’t drill its way through.


Did the founder already seal this cave completely? Fang Yuan’s heart sank.


•••


Bam!


The two sides’ palms met, and the Xiong Clan Gu Master flew into the air like a rag, landing heavily on the ground.


The Xiong Clan Gu Master coughed out a mouthful of blood before falling unconscious.


In the sky, the sun was shining brightly, sending down scorching rays of light. The sunlight shone over the wilderness, and the light reflected on Bai Zhong Shui’s fat face.


The young Bai Clan Gu Master laughed smugly. “Hmph, so what if you’re a Xiong Clan Gu Master? You dare to have a contest of strength with me?!”


She moved her “delicate” fat body, trying to finish off her opponent and take their token, but suddenly a moonblade flew towards her.


Bam!


Bai Zhong Shui turned, shooting a water ball from her mouth.


It collided with the moonblade, and they both exploded.


Three Gu Masters, with Fang Zheng at the head, jumped down from the branches.


“Ah, the Gu Yue Clan. This Xiong Gu Master is my reward.” Bai Zhong Shui’s eyes glinted dangerously as they narrowed.


Fang Zheng’s strangely bloodshot eyes stared at Bai Zhong Shui intently as he said, “So what? Now YOU are our prey!”


From another direction, more footsteps were heard.


A few people stepped out of the shadows. At their head was the Xiong Clan’s rising genius, Xiong Lin. His bald head reflected the sunlight, causing him to shine like a diamond.


“Hehehe, this has gotten interesting!” Bai Zhong Shui laughed loudly, but the next moment her laughter stopped.


The two sides attacked at the same time, surrounding Bai Zhong Shui and catching her off guard.


Bai Zhong Shui coughed blood, her expression turning ugly. “What? Gu Yue Clan, you are cooperating with these despicable Xiong clansmen?”


Fang Zheng was expressionless, his killing intent raging. He said nothing as he approached.


Xiong Lin laughed. “This battle concerns the three clans’ prosperity for the next hundred years. To tell you the truth, the Gu Yue Clan has already established an alliance with us. Bai Zhong Shui, today you shall die.”


Bai Zhong Shui spat blood as she glared at her opponents in disdain. “So what if I die? Heh, ganging up on me like this…you are just afraid of Bai Ning Bing. It’s useless! This is only the preliminaries, there will still be one-on-one duels later. Is there anyone in your clans that can fight against Bai Ning Bing? We are destined to be number one!”


“Hehehe. That’s why we decided that in this first battle, we shall cooperate and finish off Bai Ning Bing!” Xiong Lin laughed loudly.


•••


Bzzzzzzzz!


The Chainsaw Golden Centipede’s razors ground against the rock wall, the loud sound echoing through the cave.


It was very strange. The rock wall was extremely sturdy and thick, unlike anything else he had seen in the cave system. Fang Yuan’s forehead was full of sweat as he used the Chainsaw Golden Centipede and Blood Moon Gu to attack in turns, but even after many hours, he had only dug out about 50cm.


Is it really the end for me…eh? Fang Yuan’s heartbeat quickened as he suddenly felt that there was something alive inside the rock wall.


He quickly used the Earth Communication Ear Grass Gu to listen. There was definitely something alive on the other side of the wall, but its aura was very weak.


Half an hour later, Fang Yuan broke through the wall, and the mysterious creature revealed itself.


Its entire body was pitch black, with a metallic gleam like that of iron or steel. Its figure was made up of rough, hard lines, giving it a dominating aura. It had three pairs of legs, each with spiral-shaped feelers at the tips. It reminded Fang Yuan of the spiral of an electric drill bit.


It’s the Thousand Li Earthwolf Spider! Fang Yuan was enlightened as he immediately thought of the Flower Wine Monk.


The questions in Fang Yuan’s heart were mostly answered at this point.


Long ago, the Flower Wine Monk came to Gu Yue Village to nurture a Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus. But at the last moment, the Gu Yue founder stopped him and dragged him into the Blood Lake Graveyard.


The Flower Wine Monk was also a rank five Gu Master, so he would have engaged in an intense battle with the Gu Yue founder.


The founder had long converted the underground caves into his lair. The Flower Wine Monk was at a disadvantage and could only flee.


He had used the Thousand Li Earthwolf Spider to dig out this path. But by the time he fled, he had already suffered an incurable injury. At the end of his life, he hurriedly left behind his inheritance as a last act of revenge. He wished that someone far in the future would take the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus and ruin the Gu Yue Clan’s foundation.


That explained why the Flower Wine Monk had been covered in injuries and bathed in blood in the final video.


But as for the reason why the Thousand Li Earthwolf Spider had fallen into slumber and sealed itself here, that was still a mystery. As were the Gu Yue founder’s intentions; what in the world was he after?


These questions are all minute details. What’s important is leaving this place! Fang Yuan stretched out his hand, sending out some primeval essence and refining the Thousand Li Earthwolf Spider.


The sturdy rock wall he had broken through was a cocoon that the Thousand Li Earthwolf Spider had created when it fell into hibernation. It was extremely weak, like the White Boar Gu that Fang Yuan had taken out from the Earth Treasury Flower Gu.


Thus, even though it was rank five, Fang Yuan easily refined it.


Fang Yuan had thrown away his Thunderwings Gu and was in need of a movement Gu. This Thousand Li Earthwolf Spider was like a glimmer of hope in his darkest hour.


It was a steed Gu, suitable for riding. It was also easy to feed, as it ate soil.


As Fang Yuan injected his snow silver primeval essence, the Thousand Li Earthwolf Spider gradually awakened, its aura becoming stronger.


It immediately started to eat, devouring large quantities of soil.


When it had recovered to an extent, Fang Yuan got on its back and ordered it to move out. He wanted to be done with this place.


Although it had only recovered a little, the Thousand Li Earthwolf Spider was still a rank five Gu. It dashed quickly on all three pairs of legs.


After he broke through the cocoon, a cave had been revealed behind it.


This was the path that the Flower Wine Monk had created when he escaped. The senior had paved the way for his future junior, greatly assisting Fang Yuan.


The only worry was that steed Gu worms tended to require a lot of primeval essence.


The Thousand Li Earthwolf Spider was rank five. Rank three primeval essence was insufficient to sustain it, so every now and then, Fang Yuan had to stop, sitting on its back while absorbing primeval essence from the Treasure Lotus and primeval stones.


With these two sources, despite no longer being able to recover primeval essence naturally, Fang Yuan’s primeval essence was restored at a rate incomparable to before.


As he repeated this process, he occasionally found cave-ins, and they stopped to drill their way through. Like this, Fang Yuan gradually moved away from the Blood Lake Graveyard, heading towards the surface.


