Chapter 1889: Entering the Aperture


1889 Entering the Aperture “Why are they here?!” Immortal Hua Die gasped, she felt her body turning cold.


“If not for the dangerous situation, if I did not sense this mild peculiarity, I would not have found these people. Quickly leave!” Zeng Luo Zi urged as he said anxiously.


“There is a traitor among us! We need to split up!” Miao Ming Shen said with an ashen expression, he understood already. He looked around at Tu Tou Tuo, Tong Hua, Zeng Luo Zi, and paused when he looked at Fang Yuan.


Evidently, his biggest suspicion was Chu Ying because he did not know about this person’s background.


“Hahaha, I wanted to follow you all into the blue dragon whale, but since you found out, none of you will escape.” Shen Cong Sheng said as he moved his finger, sound waves spread out and shot towards Miao Ming Shen and the rest.


Miao Ming Shen and the rest were surrounded by these sound waves as their speed fell drastically.


Sssssssssh—!


Shen Cong Sheng started whistling in the depths of the sea.


Immortal Hua Die gasped as she was tied up by countless sound waves, Shen Cong Sheng dragged her away immediately.


“Hua Die!” Feng Jiang watched and stared with a furious expression, he tried to help her but was too weak, Shen Cong Sheng captured him too.


Shen Cong Sheng had rank eight cultivation level, his sound path methods were quite profound. In the previous life, he captured rank eight Gu Immortal Old Man Bei Feng alive in Hidden Dragon Cave, it was much simpler now to capture weaklings like Immortal Hua Die and Feng Jiang.




“Leave!” Feng Jiang shouted loudly.


But soon, Shen Cong Sheng grabbed his neck and he fainted.


He snorted coldly: “Attack.”


The Shen clan Gu Immortals around him and Ren Xiu Ping found their targets and attacked.


They had followed behind closely, having already discussed among themselves who to fight. Not only was their attack coordinated, they helped each other out.


The only who attacked Fang Yuan was Shen clan Gu Immortal Shen Tan, he was an ordinary water path Gu Immortal.


He shot out a water ring that was the size of a vat, it flew towards Fang Yuan’s head.


Fang Yuan did not want to fight, he turned into a small seahorse that was palm sized, he moved like lightning speed.


Shen Tan missed his target, he was shocked and attacked with three more water rings, they appeared before Fang Yuan.


Fang Yuan turned into a fish and swerved around with great agility, dodging all three rings.




Shen Tan’s expression turned ugly, he called out to Ren Xiu Ping: “Lend me a hand.”


Ren Xiu Ping was attacking Tong Hua with two vicious sharks. Hearing Shen Tan’s words, he nodded: “Of course.”


A vicious shark that was attacking Tong Hua quickly turned around and swam towards Fang Yuan.


Fang Yuan looked around him, he found that if he got past this obstacle, he would be the frontmost person charging out.


He quickly stopped as he pretended to be obstructed by the vicious shark.


Because of this, Shen Tan laughed loudly as he moved his four water rings, blocking Fang Yuan: “Where can you run to now?”


He had no idea who he had obstructed, if he knew Chu Ying’s true identity, he would be shivering in fear now.


Fang Yuan pretended to be trapped while patiently observing his allies.


Tu Tou Tuo was also obstructed, as an earth path cultivator, his speed was not fast, it was even slower in water.


Tong Hua was busy dealing with two of Ren Xiu Ping’s vicious sharks.


Zeng Luo Zi was like a white ghost in the sea, he moved around swiftly and competed with Shen clan’s Shen Qi in speed, they were well ahead.


Gui Qi Ye and Miao Ming Shen moved together, when Shen clan’s two Gu Immortals got close, he shouted: “Lord, quickly go, I will stop them.”


He stopped as he pushed with his palms.


With a loud sound, a huge area of black fog spread out.


Shen clan’s two Gu Immortals were moving too rapidly, they entered the fog and vanished into thin air.


“Old Gui, take care!” Miao Ming Shen knew the severity of the situation, he had tears in his eyes as he flew up.


Shen Cong Sheng suppressed Feng Jiang and Immortal Hua Die completely as he snickered: “Where are you going?”


Saying this, countless sound waves chased after Miao Ming Shen.


Miao Ming Shen’s hair stood on end as alerts rang in his mind, his gaze flashed like lightning as he grunted, activating his space path killer move.


His figure vanished instantly, appearing a hundred steps away. At the next moment, he vanished again, he moved a hundred steps further from Fang Yuan and the rest.


As he flickered continuously, Miao Ming Shen escaped and charged out of the sea.


Shen Cong Sheng gasped lightly, feeling surprised.


He had used a genuine rank eight method, Miao Ming Shen was actually able to escape from it, it was very impressive.


Miao Ming Shen was the most important person, Shen Cong Sheng did not care about Immortal Hua Die or Feng Jiang, he did not have time to store them into his immortal aperture, he tossed them to others and flew out to chase Miao Ming Shen.


Miao Ming Shen charged out of the sea as sweat poured out of his forehead.


“My escaping method could usually move a hundred li with one flicker, but before Shen Cong Sheng, I could only move a hundred steps away. Is this the power of a rank eight Gu Immortal?”


Suddenly, there was a sound behind him as Shen Cong Sheng broke out of the sea.


Miao Ming Shen’s body shook, his speed fell as he had fallen into Shen Cong Sheng’s killer move’s range once again.


Seeing that he was about to be captured, Miao Ming Shen struggled intensely, he felt deep despair in his heart.


Right at this moment, there was a shrill cry resounding.


An immemorial thunder phoenix flew over and attacked Shen Cong Sheng.


The immemorial thunder phoenix attacked fiercely, intense winds blew as Shen Cong Sheng’s expression changed, he did not dare to be careless, he let off Miao Ming Shen for the time being and faced the immemorial thunder phoenix instead.


With a loud sound, the immemorial thunder phoenix sent Shen Cong Sheng flying into the sea again as huge waves were created.


Miao Ming Shen used this chance to flicker and escape, his body was covered in cold sweat.


At this time, he finally had time to observe the surroundings.


Only to see that above the sea, intense tornadoes surged in the sky, lightning flashed continuously as thunder rumbled, dark clouds extended to the horizons.


The sea was in a frenzy, waves surged from the sea, they were thousands of feet tall.


Countless flying birds and eagles fought intensely amidst the thunder and lightning.


Blue charm lightning shadows flickered in the dark clouds, they were hunted down by immemorial desolate beast thunder phoenix.


The situation was too dangerous!


“Where in the world did I end up at?!” Miao Ming Shen took a deep breath in shock.


“Catch them!” Right at this time, Shen Tan’s anxious voice could be heard behind him.


Just earlier, Shen Tan received the two captives that Shen Cong Sheng tossed him, Fang Yuan used that chance to not only destroy the water rings but also helped the others out.


Tong Hua, Zeng Luo Zi, and Fang Yuan got out of the sea, flying into the sky.


“Don’t think of running!” Shen Qi, Shen Tan, and Ren Xiu Ping chased after them.


At the same time, lightning flashed in the sky and shot towards the immortals.


The immortals quickly attacked to block it.


Another group of eagles flew down and scattered the group of people, the scene was a chaotic mess.


“All of you, scram!” At the next moment, an intense sound wave burst out from the depths of the sea.


Sound waves shot out of Shen Cong Sheng as he flew out of the sea and towards the sky in an instant, he waved both hands as two translucent sound waves moved around the battlefield like two sharp blades.


Immortal killer move — Aerial Sound Blades!


Wherever the sound blades went, be they eagles or lightning, they were all cut into two, even the immemorial thunder phoenix was injured and moved back.


A sound blade went around Tong Hua and quickly slit through Zeng Luo Zi’s throat.


Zeng Luo Zi stared with wide eyes as his head fell off his body.


A sound blade went after Fang Yuan.


Fang Yuan sighed to himself, he made a turn and burst out with speed, he charged on the closest route to the immemorial thunder phoenix.


At the next moment, his body became charred by lightning, he died on the spot.


Shen Cong Sheng did not even look at Fang Yuan’s corpse, he went after Miao Ming Shen immediately.


Within the blue Dragon Whale Paradise.


Starting island.


Fang Yuan opened his eyes as he woke up.


“I arrived here after all.” He stood up and looked around him.


The sea was blue with white waves, there was a golden sandy beach, the temperature was warm and nice, this was a serene location.


“Hmm?” Fang Yuan saw Zeng Luo Zi here as well.


He was clearly killed by Shen Cong Sheng’s sound path killer move, he was beheaded. But now, he lay near the beach, he breathed normally but was unconscious, his head was still attached to his body.


“As expected.” Fang Yuan was not surprised: “The illusion started long ago, within it, whoever dies would not die for real.”


Fang Yuan was killed by the immemorial thunder phoenix and arrived here afterwards. Zeng Luo Zi was killed by Shen Cong Sheng but arrived here as well.


Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable created Reincarnation Battlefield in Central Continent, it had a similar trait. Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects occupied that place and sent Gu Immortals to fight inside it. No matter who died inside, they would not lose their life, they would only sustain some injuries or damage if they died too many times.


Thus, Fang Yuan did not do anything earlier. Even if he killed Shen Cong Sheng, he would not die, he would even get transported here earlier, while Fang Yuan would have exposed his identity for no reason.


Fang Yuan waved his hand as a qi blade flew towards Zeng Luo Zi.


Zeng Luo Zi did not have any defenses up, but right before the qi blade landed and killed him, it vanished.


Fang Yuan snorted coldly, turning around and leaving.


When Shen Cong Sheng woke up, he felt that his vision was still blurry, but a joyful sound was heard beside him: “First supreme elder, you finally woke up!”


Next, his vision cleared up, he saw Shen Qi, Shen Tan, Ren Xiu Ping, Miao Ming Shen, Hua Die, Feng Jiang, Tong Hua, and the rest, they were in a nervous standoff.


“What happened? Didn’t I die!” Shen Cong Sheng was internally shocked, he felt that this was unreal.


As a rank eight Gu Immortal, he lasted the longest in the illusion, he was also the final person who arrived.


“First supreme elder, this is likely Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s method, it is similar to Central Continent’s Reincarnation Battlefield.” Shen Tan said.


Shen Cong Sheng managed to calm down as he nodded: “This is indeed the style of Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable.”


At the next moment, his eyes flashed like lightning as he looked at Miao Ming Shen and the rest, asking directly: “How long have you been awake for?”


“We had just woken up too.” Shen Qi answered.


Shen Cong Sheng nodded, he looked at Miao Ming Shen, Immortal Hua Die, Feng Jiang, and Zeng Luo Zi.


These people were either captured or killed by him, but now, they were alive and well. Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable truly had unfathomable methods!




