Chapter 189: Shocking Change


The setting sun lit the horizon on fire.


Bai Ning Bing stood on the hillside, clothed in white with hair like snow. The dying light reflected in his eyes, as though to show his life was at its end.


Such a beautiful sunset. How many more times can I see it…I have only seen a fraction of nature’s brilliance. What a waste. Especially when all these annoyances around me are still arguing.


Bai Ning Bing snorted in his heart, retracting his gaze and scanning the surroundings.


The remaining hundred Gu Masters of the Gu Yue and Xiong Clan’s alliance gathered, surrounding him.


“Bai Ning Bing, if you back out of this competition now, we can spare your life!”


“Indeed. Know your place, and we will be kind and let you off.”


“The rest of the Bai Clan Gu Masters are finished. Don’t rest your hopes on reinforcements, they will not come!”


With Fang Zheng, Xiong Jiao Man, Xiong Lin, and Chi Cheng as leaders, the young Gu Masters spoke in turns, trying to break Bai Ning Bing’s spirit.


But they could not touch his heart.


“A bunch of rats are screaming at an elephant. How pathetic.” Bai Ning Bing laughed coldly, his gaze sweeping across the crowd, his disdain evident. “Of all the Gu Masters on this mountain, only Gu Yue Fang Yuan is slightly interesting. Too bad he isn’t here. Hehe, come at me together.”


Bai Ning Bing created an ice blade and ran his hand along the cold crystal edge. He did not even look at the people around him.


“He’s too arrogant!”


“Hmph, not taking us seriously!”


“Brothers, let’s attack together. If everyone attacks, even ten Bai Ning Bings would be turned to meat paste!”


The Gu Masters jeered, but none of them dared to attack rashly.


Although Bai Ning Bing was alone, his aura was overwhelming. Everyone was wary.


“Everyone, calm down, don’t listen to Bai Ning Bing’s taunts. We haven’t worked together before, we aren’t good at cooperating. If we all attack together, we will waste much of our efforts and he will take advantage of it,” Xiong Lin shouted.


“Then who attacks first?” Chi Cheng asked.


Although they were cooperating with the Xiong Clan, their alliance was not a close one. Whoever attacked first would bear the greater risk, both directly in battle and also from the other party taking advantage of the situation.


“Nevermind, I’ll engage Bai Ning Bing first. To be honest, I’ve wanted to fight you for a long time,” Xiong Jiao Man said, stepping forward.


She blew a whistle, and the sound of a stampede of beasts could be heard from afar. Many great shadows rose up from the forest, and over two hundred black bears appeared!


The bear at the front of the horde was larger than the rest. It was a hundred beast king.


The wolf tide was dangerous, but it was also an opportunity. Xiong Jiao Man had risen to rank three, as did her Bear Enslavement Gu, and she could enslave hundred beast kings!


This was her trump card.


“Way to go, lady boss!”


“Oh my god~, so many bears.”


“With all these bears and all hundred of us, Bai Ning Bing is dead meat!”


The Xiong Clan Gu Masters grew excited. The Gu Yue clansmen bore complicated expressions. After Xiong Li died, Xiong Jiao Man became the contender for number one rising star in her clan. But in the Gu Yue Clan, after Qing Shu died, Mo Bei had followed him. Although Fang Yuan had risen to rank three, his aptitude was only C grade and it was hard to rely on him.


Thankfully, we still have Fang Zheng! Many of them looked to the A grade rising star, feeling assured.


Especially during this competition, Fang Zheng seemed to have matured. His attacks were more ferocious, and he had slain many Bai Clan Gu Masters. His stellar performance was a great comfort to them.


This was the true disposition of an A grade genius!


The results are pretty much assured. Even an incredibly talented rank three peak stage cannot be a match for a hundred people. Lord Qing Shu, I will take revenge for you personally! After that, if Big Brother appears… Fang Zheng stared intently at Bai Ning Bing.


“Merely a hundred beast king, what a boring trick.”


Bai Ning Bing’s entire body was emitting cold air.


Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique…I’m at my limit already, huh. Bai Ning Bing could sense his life ending; his body had crossed some sort of line. Not long after this, he would die. Even now, he could feel his body collapsing, his flesh and blood turning into ice and snow.


But even so, he remained calm, his eyes focused. He took a final look at the dying light, before turning and facing the charging bears.


“Since you are all looking for death, I shall act mercifully and grant you all your wishes. Maybe this way, it can bring some excitement to my life,” he sighed softly.


Not far away, the three clan leaders and some other Gu Masters stood still, completely silent.


The battle is finally starting! Killing Bai Ning Bing will be the greatest victory! The Xiong clan leader was secretly excited.


Hmph, we were tricked. They actually ganged up to deal with us. Hehehe, you have all underestimated Bai Ning Bing. Prepare yourselves. The Bai clan leader was calm as still water as he plotted.


Gu Yue Bo showed a worried expression.


Up until now, Fang Yuan and Tie Xue Leng had not shown up at all.


Although the competition was important, his mind was elsewhere.


Desolate Ancient Moon Physique…if Fang Yuan truly has it, we have to protect him at all costs and bring him to the Blood Lake Graveyard! Gu Yue Bo looked at Tie Ruo Nan out of the corner of his eye.


The young lady of the Tie Clan had a strong background, but Gu Yue Bo had already subtly assured that she was his captive.


Tie Ruo Nan was not worried about her situation. She believed in her father, and she was occupied by thoughts of how to capture Fang Yuan.


Whatever aptitude Fang Yuan truly possessed, they could find out by inspecting his aperture. If he really had one of the Ten Extreme Physiques, then he would be the most suspicious!


•••


“Fuck!” Fang Yuan cursed, crouching low on the Thousand Li Earthwolf Spider’s back so that he wouldn’t fall off.


He’d wanted to use the path the Flower Wine Monk had opened to make an easy escape.


But good times didn’t last. Not long after, the Thousand Li Earthwolf Spider started to go crazy.


It began absorbing natural essence from the air, while its legs started to dig out new paths in random directions.


Fang Yuan finally understood.


This Thousand Li Earthwolf Spider had been involved in the battle between the Flower Wine Monk and the Gu Yue founder.


At that time, it was corrupted by a Blood Frenzy Gu.


The Flower Wine Monk relied on it to escape, then hurriedly created his inheritance before he died.


Upon losing its master, the Thousand Li Earthwolf Spider lost control and frantically went back to the path that it had dug when escaping.


But in a stroke of fortune, it sealed itself and went into hibernation before it could die, preserving the last of its life force.


Hundreds of years later, Fang Yuan found its cocoon and opened it, causing it to awaken. But the problems caused by the Blood Frenzy Gu had not been solved, so after a while, it started to act up again.


Fang Yuan was deep underground. Just by relying on his own strength, he could not escape to the surface. He needed the Thousand Li Earthwolf Spider.


But it was becoming more and more difficult to handle. Fang Yuan could only ride on its back and bet on his luck.


Right now, he still had some control over it. At the very least, he could point it in the right direction. He let the Thousand Li Earthwolf Spider dig its way to the surface, but where it would end up, he had no idea.


•••


The last remnants of sunlight were like blood, dyeing the battlefield full of minced corpses and broken limbs a further crimson.


Bai Ning Bing stood arrogantly. A thick layer of ice had formed beneath his feet, and it continued to spread outwards.


There were less than thirty Gu Masters left. They had huddled close together, as if to find some assurance from the warmth of each others’ bodies.


The bear group had long been exterminated. Xiong Jiao Man’s severed head lay some distance away as blood poured out of her neck like a fountain.


Xiong Lin lay dead, pierced by countless icicles, and Chi Cheng had been frozen into an ice sculpture while in the middle of an attempt to dodge. His face still showed his panic and fear in lifelike detail.


Fang Zheng was covered in injuries, but none of them bled. They had been frozen by ice and snow.


He breathed roughly, looking at Bai Ning Bing in disbelief. The battle had been a nightmare!


Bai Ning Bing was definitely rank three, but his battle strength was almost rank four!!


“Hmph, although your appearance is the same, you are not him. How boring…” Bai Ning Bing looked at Fang Zheng, walking closer. Bai Ning Bing had intentionally kept him alive till now.


The remaining Gu Masters were panicking. If not for the fact that their clan leaders were watching from afar, they would’ve broken and fled already.


Damn it, damn it! Why is our battle strength so different?! I’m an A grade, am I really going to die here? Fang Zheng gritted his teeth, his mind screaming.


“Die.” Bai Ning Bing jumped, raising his ice blade high while in mid-air.


SLASH!


The ice blade expanded, growing five or six times larger. It seemed unblockable as it descended towards the survivors.


“I am going to die!”


“Ahhhhh…”


Facing this attack, many Gu Masters broke down and cried in despair.


“Fuck, why did it come to this!” The Xiong clan leader’s face was grim.


Gu Yue Bo started to move, but the Bai clan leader snickered, stopping him. “Gu Yue Clan Leader, no one is to interfere, are you going back on your word and breaking the agreement?”


Gu Yue Bo narrowed his eyes. “Bai Ning Bing is only rank three, he cannot have such strength, you are blatantly cheating!”


“Cheating? Hehe, let me tell you the truth! Bai Ning Bing has the Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique!” the Bai clan leader shouted loudly.


“What? One of the Ten Extreme Physiques?!” The other two clan leaders were shocked.


Suddenly, a Gu Yue Clan Gu Master came running. “Reporting! Clan Leader, there has been a strange earthquake. Many of the clan’s bamboo buildings have collapsed, and blood is oozing out of the ground. Not many people are injured, but they are flustered.”


Gu Yue Bo’s expression changed. “Damn it, why now?!”


