Chapter 1891: Who Else Could It Be But Me?


The island they were sent to was not big, the immortals did not gain anything from their exploration, they quickly gathered at the center of the island.


Over there, they made a shocking discovery!


A huge obelisk that seemed to be made of gold was radiating with a mild crystalline light.


Rank eight Immortal Gu House — Merit Obelisk!


The surface of Merit Obelisk had words appearing on it, introducing the background of this island and also the details of the Paradise Earth true inheritance.


To obtain the Paradise Earth true inheritance, one had to accept the missions on the Merit Obelisk, they would gain merit points when they complete these tasks. The more merits they had, the more valuable things they could exchange for.


If one did not accept this, they could only wait on this island, they could not leave and go to other places in the grotto-heaven world.


Of course, Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable was merciful and kind, he would not let them leave empty-handed. The immortal materials on this island were specially prepared for them to split among each other.


Three hundred days later, everyone would be transported away.


The immortals were shocked.


“There are immortal materials on this island after all. Those cloud ladder leaf hearts, clear wind grass stems, rooster iron and others were not fake.”




“They were all taken by someone! Damn it, he took literally everything, he left nothing for us at all.”


“It must be that Chu Ying.”


“Where is Chu Ying? Why have we not seen him?”


“I found Chu Ying!” Immortal Hua Die suddenly shouted.


The immortals quickly gathered towards her, they saw that on another side of the Merit Obelisk, by looking at where Immortal Hua Die pointed, they saw words that appeared on the Merit Obelisk.


Merit Board Ranking — Chu Ying, eighty-two merit points.


Other than Chu Ying, there were nobody else.


“This person!” Ren Xiu Ping gritted his teeth in anger.


Right at this moment, Chu Ying’s merit points jumped again, from eighty-two to ninety-three.


Next, the Merit Obelisk flashed.




The immortals quickly took steps back.


The light faded as Fang Yuan appeared.


“Chu Ying!” Feng Jiang cried out.


“You finally showed up.” Tu Tou Tuo had bloodshot eyes, he thought about the empty pit that was filled with rooster iron before.


“Oh, you are awake.” Fang Yuan nodded at them, he said in a plain tone.


“Hey, what is wrong with your attitude!” Shen Tan shouted in displeasure.


Fang Yuan’s indifferent attitude made every immortal furious.


Shen Cong Sheng stepped forward with a cold expression and overbearing tone: “Tell me, did you take all of the immortal materials on this island?”


“Who else could it be but me?” Fang Yuan retorted, he was indifferent about Shen Cong Sheng’s overbearing tone. He quickly got to the other side of the Merit Obelisk and quickly browsed through the missions.


The immortals were furiously staring at him.


This person had taken all the benefits but still acted so arrogantly!


Ren Xiu Ping said grimly: “We have seen the text on this obelisk, all of these immortal materials are arranged by Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable for us. Chu Ying, isn’t it too much to take everything yourself? You owe us an explanation!”


Fang Yuan did not even look at him, he pressed his palm at the obelisk and took another mission.


Swoosh.


White light flashed, he vanished again.


The immortals were shocked.


Shen Qi shouted in anger: “This guy!”


“Where did he come from? He is completely disregarding Lord Shen Cong Sheng and us.” Ren Xiu Ping spoke with a livid expression, his voice was cold as ice.


“Investigate him after we go out.” Shen Cong Sheng was a rank eight after all, as the leader of Shen clan, he quickly calmed down and started to mimic Fang Yuan, walking to the Merit Obelisk.


“Chu Ying is acting so fearlessly, he is merely relying on the fact that we cannot attack him in this paradise.” Shen Cong Sheng thought to himself: “Chu Ying is merely a rank seven secluded lone immortal, we can deal with him later. The important thing now is this Merit Obelisk.”


Fang Yuan’s actions earlier were a great example to the immortals here.


In the previous life, Miao Ming Shen and the rest came to the obelisk with suspicion, they first distributed the immortal materials on the island before going to accept the missions.


But now, Fang Yuan woke up in advance, he acted first and ransacked the entire island.


The only thing left to these immortals was this Merit Obelisk.


There were many missions on this Merit Obelisk.


Helping the merfolk in South Coast City to excavate the golden lotuses on silver lake.


Round fish island was drying up, it needed wells to be built.


Three stripes tribe lacked medicine, there was a plague spreading, they needed a lot of medicinal herbs.


Piper tribe was stuck in a fog, they were asked to lead them out.


Aurora Mountain’s spirit spring had an issue that needed to be dealt with immediately.


…


The Gu Immortals watched with a dazed expression.


Similar to the previous life, they encountered the same situation again.


These missions were only described briefly, they were not detailed, the Gu Immortals could not gain any useful information.


For example, this mission: Three stripes tribe lacked medicine, there was a plague spreading, they needed a lot of medicinal herbs.


What kind of force was three stripes tribe? Were there Gu Immortals? Were they an ordinary force or super force?


A plague was spreading, what kind of plague was it? There were many kinds of plagues that even rank eight Gu Immortals did not dare to handle.


They needed a lot of medicinal herbs, what kind of herbs did they want? Immortal materials? What method did they need to use?


Nobody knew.


The Merit Obelisk only had this one line.


The immortals were really unaware of the situation.


“Does that Chu Ying know anything?” Someone muttered.


The immortals were silent, their hatred, anger, and suspicion towards Fang Yuan intensified again.


Even though Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable was known for kindness, this was an unknown environment, even the rank eight Gu Immortal Shen Cong Sheng was barred from fighting, the Gu Immortals had to be vigilant.


And looking at the rewards on the Merit Obelisk.


There was a large amount of immortal materials and Immortal Gu that could be exchanged for using merits!


Of course, there were some peculiar things here like titles or mortal Gu.


Shen Cong Sheng immediately saw one rank five mortal Gu, it was called good deeds Gu, this was the first time he had seen such a Gu worm.


To exchange for a good deeds Gu, one needed fifty merit points, it was the most expensive mortal Gu.


But the actual effect of the Gu worm was not written on the Merit Obelisk, Shen Cong Sheng knew nothing about it.


However, it had to be unique and special for Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable to put it up as a reward.


After the immortals discussed among themselves, they realized that they had to try this to find out. Shen Cong Sheng was the first to act, he quickly walked up to the obelisk to receive his mission.


In the previous life, the group of eight including Fang Yuan and Miao Ming Shen came to the Merit Obelisk, only ten missions had appeared to them. But now, because there were more people, it seemed that the number of missions had also increased correspondingly.


There were many missions, they were slowly taken.


Because they did not know anything, there was no fighting or snatching here.


Shen Cong Sheng’s mission was: Round fish island was drying up, it needed wells to be built.


As light flickered, he appeared in a desert at the next moment.


Shen Cong Sheng’s pupils shrunk.


He was a rank eight Gu Immortal with dense dao marks, he could not be transported using ordinary methods. But when he was transported here, it could not be blocked, a grand and mystical power brought him here instantly.


“As expected of Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable.” Shen Cong Sheng sighed internally, he looked around as his investigative method spread out over the surroundings.


Shen Cong Sheng quickly sensed something different: “Oh, my investigative method works properly here, it is not the same as the starting island.”


Tens of li away from here, there was a small village in the desert.


Shen Cong Sheng stood on the spot, moving his ears as he listened to the conversation of the people in the village.


A moment later, he confirmed that he was on round fish island. This island was huge and had many villages, but decades again, vegetation had started to become sparse, right now, a large area desert had already spread around the remaining few villages.


Mortals and Gu Masters lived in the village, their lives were getting tougher.


“This means to say, I need to build water wells near these villages?” After learning of the situation, Shen Cong Sheng let out a breath of air as he relaxed.


This mission was much easier than he had expected.


They were all mortal level issues, not at the level of Gu Immortals.


Even if it involved immortals, he was a rank eight sound path great expert, he could deal with most issues.


Shen Cong Sheng thought about Fang Yuan as he muttered to himself: “That Chu Ying only has rank seven cultivation level but he accumulated ninety-three merit points so quickly. This shows that the missions must be very easy to complete.”


Even after knowing the situation, Shen Cong Sheng did not rush to take action.


He needed to test many things here.


For example, could he ignore this mission and fly out of this place?


Could he communicate with the outside world?


How many methods could he still use in this situation?


Shen Cong Sheng did not interact with the mortals, he used sound path methods and secretly dug wells near the villages.


The desertification here was very severe, Shen Cong Sheng had to dig for a long time before he found some underground water deep below.


Using these sources of water, he created deep wells around the place.


Thinking about it, he used his methods to reinforce the walls of the well. Finally, he made the mouths of the wells and covered them with a thatched roof on top.


“To think that one day, I would have to do such manual labor.” Shen Cong Sheng laughed.


He built a total of more than thirty wells, this mission was not difficult at all to this rank eight Gu Immortal.


In the process of completing it, Shen Cong Sheng tried many things, he probed the foundation of this paradise to a great extent.


For example, he could not leave this place, he was only able to move around this desert area.


His communication was also restricted, forget about treasure yellow heaven, he could not even send anything to Shen Qi or Shen Tan.


He was also unable to attack the ordinary villagers, all his offensive methods would fail and he would sustain backlash.


He could open his immortal aperture’s entrance and take out stuff from within, yet he could not take anything from round fish island to put into his immortal aperture.


Shen Cong Sheng also gained a lot of information from these mortals, these people were able to leave round fish island and tour the seas. In the past, there were conflicts among the villages, people had died.


In conclusion, Dragon Whale Paradise gave the inhabitants a lot of freedom, while the Gu Immortals who received these missions were greatly restricted.


As for how they were restricted, Shen Cong Sheng was unable to detect the method, he simply could not deal with it or get around it. This made him feel even more admiration towards Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable.




