Chapter 1894: Going Down, Going Up


Fang Yuan brought Xia Lin to the small fishing village and met the village head.


The moment they met, he soul searched directly in front of his face. The entire fishing village was in a trance for a while, and then recovered without suspicion.


Fang Yuan collated this information and compared it to his previous life, he found that nothing had changed in the small fishing village.


Like in his previous life, he was still using his identity as a traveling Gu Master to contact these mortals.


First, he challenged the village’s Gu Masters and defeated them easily, then he taught them how to refine water shell Gu and gave them the recipe.


The villagers were all very grateful.


Fang Yuan then took them to the bottom of the sea to practice using these water shell Gu, he even taught them some healing methods to alleviate the corrosion of the black oil.


To completely heal from the corrosion of the black oil, one needed at least rank four Gu worms.


The Gu Masters in the small fishing village were simply not even close to rank four. The things Fang Yuan taught them were things that they could do.


During this process, Fang Yuan focused on teaching Xia Lin.


In the previous life, he had only given her water shell Gu, but now, he wanted to nurture her properly. He used wisdom path methods to directly hand methods over to her mind. At the same time, he corrected many of her mistakes.




Fang Yuan did not stay in the small fishing village for long, and when he left, the entire village fell to their knees.


Xia Lin wanted to follow Fang Yuan, but he stopped her and said with deep meaning: “This isn’t the end of our connection, we will meet again in the future.”


Xia Lin was helpless and could only watch tearfully as Fang Yuan disappeared with a flicker of light.


Fang Yuan returned to the Merit Obelisk once again.


His merit points had risen by ten.


The initial missions on the Merit Obelisk were small missions, the rewarded merit points ranged from one to ten.


This time, Fang Yuan collected black oil and taught the villagers in the small fishing village to sustain a livelihood, he had completed the task perfectly.


At this time, Shen Cong Sheng and the others had all been transported away to complete their respective missions, there was only one person at the Merit Obelisk now.


It was Miao Ming Shen.


Miao Ming Shen was staring at the four sides of the Merit Obelisk which had moving words and characters, he was very patient.




He faintly felt that there was a mysterious connection between himself and the Merit Obelisk, the peculiar feeling was extremely hidden and also very weak.


But he had no idea how to grasp onto this opportunity.


A sharp light flashed across Fang Yuan’s eyes as he saw this.


The secrets involving Dragon Whale Paradise were very deep and mysterious.


What method did Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable use to restrict Gu Immortals, Fang Yuan had no way to find out.


His method did not leave any traces, it was as if it were a naturally occurring phenomenon, like how there were males and females among people, and how the sky had a sun and a moon.


Gu Immortals could not make a move on each other or the inhabitants of this small world.


But there were differences and discrepancies in this rule.


For example, Fang Yuan had soul searched the mortals in his earlier mission, he even gave a lot of knowledge to Xia Lin through wisdom path imparting methods.


Was that not considered making a move on the inhabitants?


Of course it was.


But Fang Yuan had no ill intentions, he was trying to help them. Thus, he was not restricted at all in his actions.


But once he had any evil thoughts, these methods would not be usable, he would even face backlash from using these killer moves.


Or for example, the collection of black oil in this mission.


The excess black oil was all kept in the sovereign immortal aperture by Fang Yuan.


Normally speaking, other than the immortal materials on the starting island, Gu Immortals could not take the resources of the other areas for themselves.


But Fang Yuan had taken the black oil near the island to complete his mission, by reducing the number of food path dao marks there, it would allow other natural resources to grow.


This was a good thing for the island’s environment on the whole, so it was not restricted.


Not only did Fang Yuan complete the mission, he also collected a portion of the black oil as profit. This mission to collect black oil was obviously much more profitable than the others.


There were many missions on the Merit Obelisk, but there were also differences in missions, whether they were superior or inferior.


In the previous life, Miao Ming Shen and the rest had a lot of findings, these were all Fang Yuan’s exclusive information now.


Fang Yuan slowly approached the Merit Obelisk.


His footsteps interrupted Miao Ming Shen’s thoughts as he turned around to look, his pupils shrunk as he thought: “It’s Chu Ying!”


Fang Yuan smiled: “Brother Miao, your connection with the Merit Obelisk is too weak. This connection is mainly used to find this place, it will not be of much help to you from now on. I would advise you to actively complete your missions and accumulate more merits.”


Fang Yuan’s polite attitude surprised Miao Ming Shen.


He had seen with his own eyes when Fang Yuan said ‘scram’ at Shen Tan and Shen Cong Sheng.


He was quickly attracted to Fang Yuan’s words as he felt some shock: “He actually knows about the connection between me and the Merit Obelisk! This is a secret I have never revealed to anyone else. How did he know? Unless he is like me and can also sense the location of the blue dragon whale? Or maybe he can’t sense its location, but has other forms of connections instead?”


Miao Ming Shen looked at Fang Yuan, feeling that this person was getting increasingly unfathomable.


He was filled with doubts, he opened his mouth to ask questions, but wisely close to keep it shut.


Fang Yuan acted so arrogantly in front of Shen Cong Sheng, it was useless to try to force him.


“If he wants to tell me, he will definitely take the initiative to speak, if I try to ask him, I will not get anything I want.” Miao Ming Shen sighed internally.


Fang Yuan passed by as his finger pointed at a certain line of text on the obelisk, he suddenly said: “You can take this mission, it is quite suitable for you. Complete missions and accumulate merit points, it is not simply about doing superficial good deeds, it is better to teach a man to fish than to fish for him.”


Miao Ming Shen shook internally, he gulped as he said two words: “Thank you.”


“You’re welcome.” Fang Yuan smiled.


Giving Miao Ming Shen some guidance was not just a casual action.


On one hand, it was to sow discord among these people for his own convenience, and on the other hand, he was also trying to make some arrangements to affect Eastern Sea.


The secret regarding Miao Ming Shen’s ability was only announced in the previous life after a lot of futile attempts at finding out. Regarding the truth behind it, many immortals had reliable guesses.


Miao Ming Shen was quite popular in the lone immortal world of Eastern Sea, if he was forced by Shen Cong Sheng into a corner, it was likely that Qi Sea Ancestor or Wu Shuai could recruit and take him in.


Fang Yuan did not take a mission, instead, he went to the other side of the Merit Obelisk and exchanged for a title.


In an instant, his merit points that exceeded a hundred were reduced to single digits, plummeting from the first place to the last.


When Miao Ming Shen saw the change on the merit board, his eyes sparkled and his mind was filled with huge suspicions: “Chu Ying spent a hundred merit points, what exactly did he exchange for?”


Fang Yuan took his mission and vanished again.


Miao Ming Shen immediately came to the other side of the Merit Obelisk to check the list of things they could exchange for.


But how could he find out easily?


There were too many rewards that were priced at a hundred merit points, it was also possible to have a combination of rewards to expend a hundred points instantly.


Miao Ming Shen felt a sense of curiosity, he immediately realized that Fang Yuan’s action had a deep meaning, it must be beneficial to him, otherwise he would not have given up his advantage like that.


“Did Chu Ying deliberately express goodwill earlier so that I would help him hide this information?” Another thought appeared in Miao Ming Shen’s mind.


But soon he shook his head.


Fang Yuan’s merit points were right there, it was something that could not be hidden, soon, the other Gu Immortals would discover it.


With a flash of white light, Fang Yuan was transported to the bottom of the sea.


The seawater was murky, sand was churning, and a giant salamander was causing chaos.


This giant salamander had a smooth body without a single scale, its head was wide and large, its body was stout and flat, its limbs were very thick and short, and its tentacles were like tiger claws. Its claws and teeth were sharp, its gills were glistening with firm tiger whiskers.


This was a desolate beast, tiger king salamander!


The tiger king salamander rampaged and created shocking waves that affected the peace of the land.


The mission that Fang Yuan took on was to suppress it.


Fang Yuan did not rush to take action, he scouted first.


Soon, his brow furrowed slightly and a peculiar expression appeared on his face.


He could not find out the reason for the tiger king salamander’s rampage. There was nothing abnormal about its body or mind, but it was acting manically and unpredictably, wantonly destroying its surroundings.


Not only that, it even self-mutilated, it had clearly gone insane.


Attempting to attack the tiger king salamander, Fang Yuan discovered that this desolate beast’s battle strength had soared to the level of an ancient desolate beast.


“This is the same situation as the one that Miao Ming Shen’s group faced in the previous life.” Fang Yuan sighed internally.


In his previous life, he had only completed the missions involving Xia Lin, there were few missions and he did not encounter this. After trying it in this life, he found that according to his knowledge and vision, he could not even see through this peculiarity.


The tiger king salamander was actually very beneficial to the environment.


It could swallow salt and sand to purify the seawater, making it crystal clear and saline, producing extraordinary natural resources.


A tiger king salamander is often the core of a pure and clean sea. This pure seawater could be drunk directly.


If it was possible, Fang Yuan did not want to kill this tiger king salamander. If he could pacify and calm it down, Fang Yuan would be able to reap a large amount of merit points.


But right now, it was obviously impossible.


Fang Yuan had no choice but to take action and kill it.


The corpse of the tiger king salamander acted as the extra profit for the mission and was kept in the immortal aperture.


Ren Xiu Ping returned to the starting island again.


And a group of people had gathered near the Merit Obelisk.


Seeing his arrival, a Gu Immortal of Shen Clan, Shen Xiao, said to him: “Congratulations, Brother Ren, you’re now at the top of the merit board.”


“Ah? How is that possible!” Ren Xiu Ping did not believe it at first, but after witnessing with his own eyes, he was surprised and delighted.


His name was really ranked first, even Shen Cong Sheng was ranked second.


Shen Cong Sheng had also returned and was standing in front of the obelisk, his expression was a little dark.


Ren Xuping carefully looked at Shen Cong Sheng, he was thrilled that he had ‘defeated’ the rank eight Gu Immortal, but at the same time, he was also a little worried.


Shen Cong Sheng cast his gaze towards Ren Xiu Ping.


Ren Xiuping quickly bowed his head and cupped his fists: “Lord.”


Shen Cong Sheng nodded: “Ren Xiu Ping, in your opinion, what exactly did Chu Ying exchange that caused his own ranking to slip to last place?”


Ren Xiu Ping was dazed, only now did he realize that Fang Yuan was at the bottom of the ranking, he quickly calmed down and furrowed his brows: “Indeed, Chu Ying would rather give up the lead to spend his merit points, it is certain that the thing he exchanged for was very useful to him.”


If it could be helpful to him, it would naturally be advantageous to the others as well.


But what exactly would it be?


The group of immortals had been discussing for a while now.


With a flash of white light, Fang Yuan appeared in front of everyone once again.


At the same time, his ranking on the merit board skyrocketed, once again rising to the top.


Chu Ying, ninety-eight merit points!


At once, the immortals became tongue-tied.




