Chapter 1895: Mid-sized Missions


Small sized missions gave one to ten merit points. Meanwhile, mid-sized missions gave eleven to a hundred merit points.


Fang Yuan exchanged for a ‘good person’ title, it allowed him to accept mid-sized missions.


Mid-sized missions were Gu Immortal level, the tiger king salamander that Fang Yuan dealt with this time was a rank six desolate beast but its battle strength had reached rank seven.


This mission’s difficulty was way beyond the limits of a mortal.


The higher the difficulty, the greater the reward.


“Thus, I earned over ninety merit points this time…” Fang Yuan realized: “The reason why I did not get a hundred is because I took away the tiger king salamander’s corpse. If I left it behind, the dao marks on the corpse would spread out and elevate the foundation of the surrounding environment.”


Fang Yuan had done this purposely.


He was curious about the reason why the tiger king salamander went on a rampage.


Thus, he brought this corpse with him, planning to research on it later.


In the previous life, Miao Ming Shen and the rest encountered this situation many times, they researched together but did not find the root cause. This time, Fang Yuan wanted to try it himself.


The group of immortals looked at Fang Yuan and the merit board, their expressions and emotions were similarly terrible.




They had worked so hard to complete their missions, each one gave ten merit points at most. Fang Yuan however, got over ninety merit points from one mission.


This comparison was truly infuriating!


Even though small sized missions were simple, they wasted a lot of time. Mid-sized missions was much more efficient in terms of merit points.


Looking as Fang Yuan approached the Merit Obelisk, some of the Gu Immortals felt jealous, some were curious, while others felt despair.


At this rate, Fang Yuan was taking huge steps forward while they were crawling like snails, how could they ever catch up to him? He would only leave them in the dust as time passed!


Hua Die looked at Miao Ming Shen, wanting to ask Fang Yuan about this, but he shook his head at her.


Shen Cong Sheng looked over at Shen Xiao.


Shen Xiao had no choice, he had to force a smile and walk towards Fang Yuan.


“Brother Chu.” He cupped his fists, speaking in an earnest tone and polite attitude: “Just name the price, as long as I can afford it, I will satisfy you.”


Fang Yuan smiled lightly: “You want to know how I obtained so many merit points?”




“Indeed.” Shen Xiao cupped his fists again: “I hope brother can teach us. Don’t worry, with my Shen clan’s foundation, we will not disappoint you. Furthermore, you are not just getting my friendship, you will get the friendship of Shen clan!”


Earlier, Shen clan tried to force Fang Yuan but he was indifferent and acted extremely arrogantly. Shen Xiao changed his tactic and tried to exchange for it using benefits instead, it was a wise move.


Fang Yuan laughed: “Sure, use a true inheritance of your Shen clan to exchange for it.”


Shen Cong Sheng’s eyes shined when he heard this, he did not expect Fang Yuan to agree, he could not help but ask: “What true inheritance do you want?”


“It is up to you, if you don’t want to give an inheritance, Immortal Gu are fine too.” Fang Yuan said nonchalantly.


Shen Cong Sheng’s lips twitched, he wanted an Immortal Gu? Dream on!


He thought about it and tossed out an information path mortal Gu.


Fang Yuan received it and looked through the content, there was a transformation path Gu Immortal true inheritance, it was rather incomplete, the truly valuable parts were still with Shen Cong Sheng.


Fang Yuan clicked his tongue as he tossed the mortal Gu back to Shen Cong Sheng: “Another one.”


Shen Cong Sheng received the information path mortal Gu and erased the information inside, injecting a new wave of content. Of course, this was incomplete as well.


Fang Yuan received it and nodded, giving the information path mortal Gu back to Shen Cong Sheng: “Another one.”


Shen Cong Sheng received the information path mortal Gu and looked at Fang Yuan, saying grimly: “Chu Ying, you want to look at so many of them, how much content do you want to see?”


Fang Yuan’s expression turned solemn: “Don’t worry, I, Chu Ying, act according to my principles, I am not someone who goes back on my words. Those who treat others as fools are the real fools. How about this, give me a portion of constant wave sound and I will tell you the reason why I gained so many merit points.”


“Fine, I’ll believe you once.” Shen Cong Sheng did not hesitate, taking out a conch from his immortal aperture and tossing it to Fang Yuan.


This conch was only the size of a palm, and was itself a desolate beast.


There was a wave sound stored in the conch, this wave sound was a sound path rank seven immortal material, a specialty product of Shen clan, it could produce sounds for years without ever stopping.


Fang Yuan inspected it and found nothing suspicious, he placed this immortal material into his sovereign immortal aperture.


He looked at Shen Cong Sheng and smiled, “Then I’ll tell you this secret. Do you want me to tell you alone, or do you wish to make it public?”


This time, it was Shen Cong Sheng’s turn to look solemn.


But he only hesitated for a moment and then smiled: “What is there to hide? Please speak directly.”


As expected of an old expert who had been leading Shen clan for many years.


Once he said that, even the Gu Immortals on Miao Ming Shen’s side developed some good feelings towards Shen Cong Sheng.


Miao Ming Shen coldly snorted in his mind: “No agreement can be made here, Shen Cong Sheng can’t restrain Chu Ying at all. Chu Ying is trying to sow discord! Since he can tell Shen Cong Sheng alone, he can tell others in the future as well. Shen Cong Sheng knows this, so even if he is unwilling, he has no choice but to make it public.”


“Good, Lord Shen Cong Sheng’s magnanimity is admirable.” Fang Yuan turned around and placed his palm on the surface of the obelisk.


Words related to missions started to vanish before emerging again.


But these new words were different from before.


Thousand soul fog appeared on White Light Mountain, the living creatures were in dire need of help to clear it up.


In seahorse sea area, coral seahorses fought each other, a number of seahorse kings were rioting and needed to be suppressed.


The formation on gathering-separation island had not been repaired for years, causing serious disruptions to the lives of the islanders, it needed to be fixed.


Fish round island lacked seawater, one had to make it rain for three days and nights there.


…


The Gu Immortals were stunned.


These missions were clearly different from the previous ones, such as the thousand soul fog, which was a soul path rank seven immortal material, it was quite famous. Another example was that every coral seahorse was a rank five wild beast, while seahorse kings were at least desolate beasts.


Shen Xiao watched with glimmering eyes as he sighed deeply: “These are missions worthy of Gu Immortals.”


Those small sized missions earlier were limited to the mortal level, they were simply weak in comparison to these missions.


Shen Xiao copied Fang Yuan and placed his hand on the obelisk but his expression turned to confusion: “Why can’t I accept these missions?”


“Of course not. I have used up a hundred merit points in order to accept these missions.” Fang Yuan smiled.


The immortals quickly focused their attention on his words.


But Fang Yuan kept his mouth shut.


Shen Xiao became anxious, he cupped his fists at Fang Yuan: “Please do teach us, Brother Chu.”


Fang Yuan looked at him with a slightly mocking expression with raised brows: “Why should I tell you?”


Shen Xiao’s expression froze: “We made a deal earlier.”


“I know. You guys asked how I acquired a large amount of merit points. I have completed the transaction and told you the reason, it was because I received these missions. As for how to receive these missions, that is a different question.” Fang Yuan said.


The group of immortals were dumbfounded.


Shen Cong Sheng’s expression turned dark while the Shen clan Gu Immortals looked at Fang Yuan with anger in their eyes.


Shen Xiao was stunned before he laughed again, only this time, it was clearly mixed with anger: “Brother Chu is really impressive at doing business. A single answer alone earned you a rank seven immortal material that is unique to my clan.”


Fang Yuan nodded: “Shen clan’s constant wave sound is unique in the world, I really profited from this transaction. But I did not lie to you, I did not give you false information either. I, Chu Ying, am not such a person.”


Fang Yuan showed a demeanor of having a conscience and bottom-line, it made all of the immortals here seethe with anger.


Shen Cong Sheng’s anger accumulated.


He was a grand righteous path rank eight, he was actually being toyed by this rank seven lone immortal Chu Ying who had no fame, how could he let this pass?


“After we leave Dragon Whale Paradise, I am going to deal with you properly!” Shen Cong Sheng swore in his heart, but he smiled and laughed heartily without showing any displeasure, he clapped: “Chu Ying, very impressive. You obtained the constant wave sound through your wittiness, that was your ability. Don’t worry, why would my Shen clan be so petty over a small matter? Come, let’s make another deal, tell me what you want in exchange for this information to get the mission?”


The group of immortals looked at Fang Yuan with eyes that could not help but reveal envy.


It was just so easy to earn immortal materials like this.


But from Shen Cong Sheng’s perspective, his clan was affluent, one or two rank seven immortal materials in exchange for precious information was not a bad deal.


But Fang Yuan shook his head: “I am not going to sell this information, you all can try it yourselves.”


Shen Cong Sheng glared: “Chu Ying, I hope that you will think about it clearly!”


Fang Yuan, however, ignored him and disappeared again with a flash of white light.


Shen Cong Sheng was livid, he was not given any face at all.


“Chu Ying, don’t let me catch you outside!” Shen Cong Sheng swore in his heart. This was the first time he had seen such a rank seven Gu Immortal, he completely disregarded him.


Fang Yuan needed to maintain his advantage on the merit board, this was useful to his plan of conquering the paradise.


“As for Shen Cong Sheng and the rest… hehe, I don’t believe that you can stay united.” Fang Yuan smiled coldly in his heart, his plan to sow discord did not work earlier because it was a minor action, but this time, he dug a pit, he was not afraid that Shen Cong Sheng would not jump in.


In a way, Fang Yuan needed external help. It was necessary to split up this huge group.


He could complete the mid-sized missions independently by himself, but after the mid-sized missions, there were large sized missions too.


This kind of mission often required different Gu Immortals to cooperate with each other and work together to complete it.


Although Fang Yuan had quite a few Gu Immortal subordinates hidden in his immortal aperture, it was useless. In this Dragon Whale Paradise, Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s methods restricted this.


It seemed that only those Gu Immortals who had passed that test outside and were sent to the starting island while asleep were eligible to enter and leave this place, and also receiving and completing missions.


After Fang Yuan left, the atmosphere at the Merit Obelisk turned heavy.


Because Shen Cong Sheng had made a rather forceful request, he wanted the surrounding Gu Immortals to spend their respective merit points to exchange for those contentious rewards.


Shen Cong Sheng was betting that one of these rewards would be the one Fang Yuan exchanged for earlier!


Since Fang Yuan did not tell him, he was going to test it personally.


Miao Ming Shen and the rest were unwilling to do that but they had no choice, they had to make considerations for the future and could not offend this rank eight sound path great expert.




