Chapter 19: Rank Six Vital Gu, the Spring Autumn Cicada!


During the refinement, the Gu counterattacked!

The Liquor Worm, bearing the Flower Wine Monk’s potent will, invaded his aperture, brazenly counterattacking.

This will descended from above, surging towards the bottom of the aperture and the green copper primeval sea. The waves in the sea tumbled and rolled. Under Fang Yuan’s direction, large amounts of primeval essence rose upwards to the sky and gathered together, forming a towering wave to challenge the oncoming will.

Just as both sides were about to crash together in the middle of the aperture, a faint image of a Gu worm emerged in the blank space between.

It was a cicada. Its body was not large; if the Moonlight Gu could be described as a blue crystal pendant shaped like a crescent moon, then this cicada would be a delicate hand carving of palm wood and tree leaves made by a master craftsman.

The Gu sported a brownish-yellow head and abdomen. Its surface was textured like the growth rings of a tree, as if it had witnessed countless years. On its back were two very wide and translucent yellow wings, shaped like tree leaves: a coarse stem ran down the center, with a network of leaf veins on either side.

The Spring Autumn Cicada!

It had been startled. It was like a hibernating beast, usually hiding in its cave in a deep sleep. But suddenly it was awakened, and learned that its territory had been violated.

Who dares to come into my turf and act wildly!

As if its dignity was offended, the Spring Autumn Cicada angrily let out a hint of its aura; it was weak yet powerful. It was like a flood, rolling forth with vast and mighty waves; it would sweep across mountains for ten thousand miles, or submerge a boundless desert!

The Liquor Worm’s will was like an ant meeting an elephant!

The aura swept around and expanded, like an invisible tsunami. The invading will of the Liquor Worm did not even last a second; it was immediately swallowed whole.

Fang Yuan felt depressed. The green copper primeval essence that he had thrust forward with all his might collided with this aura like it was a wave crashing onto a great mountain. In a moment, the condensed primeval essence disintegrated and dispersed into rain, scattering down to the primeval sea.

The waves on the primeval sea roiled; it was like a storm had just swept across.

But after a few seconds, the Spring Autumn Cicada’s aura spread downward, pressing onto the primeval sea.

Boom!

Fang Yuan felt his head buzz. In an instant, the churning waves on the sea vanished. The Spring Autumn Cicada’s aura firmly suppressed the entire primeval sea, like an invisible mountain pressing down. The surface of the water was smooth as glass.

This was an incomparable power!

Fang Yuan felt an incredible weight pressing down on his heart. He compared it to Sun Wukong being crushed beneath Five Elements Mountain[1]; Fang Yuan could not mobilize even a single drop of primeval essence.

However, although he was shocked, he was not afraid. In fact, his heart felt great joy.

I didn’t think the Spring Autumn Cicada would actually come with me! So it’s actually not a one-time-use Gu, but one that can be used repeatedly.

The Spring Autumn Cicada was rank six, and it was the first rank six Gu he had obtained, as well as his last. To make it, Fang Yuan had used every resource and method at his disposal for a full thirty years before he finally succeeded.

But not long after, when the Spring Autumn Cicada was still fresh from the oven, warriors of the righteous path felt Fang Yuan’s threat growing too great and gathered together to attack and kill him.

After being reborn, Fang Yuan did not find the Spring Autumn Cicada, so he thought it had died. But in reality, it had fallen into a deep sleep, resting inside his body.

Traveling back five hundred years was an immense blow to its vitality. It was too weak, so weak that even Fang Yuan, as its master, could not feel it. Right now, even though the Spring Autumn Cicada had appeared, its situation was still bad.

After he was reborn, it had been resting in a deep sleep. It had only appeared now because it had felt the danger that the aperture was facing; the Liquor Worm’s will had awakened it.

It was weak, very weak, extremely weak.

In Fang Yuan’s memories, the original Spring Autumn Cicada was full of vitality. Its body was like precious wood, with a warm and glossy varnish. Its two wings were verdant green, like two soft tree leaves that had just freshly sprouted.

But right now, there was a deathly chill emanating from its body. There was no shine or gloss, making it feel rough and dim like dead wood. Its wings were not the color of soft, green leaves; they were fully yellow, just like the withering leaves of autumn. The tips of its wings were slightly shriveled, a little incomplete, just like the edges of fallen leaves.

Seeing this, Fang Yuan felt both distressed and lucky. He was distressed because the Spring Autumn Cicada had suffered such a heavy blow. It was barely a step away from death, just a foot away from the edge of the cliff.

The fortunate thing was, thank heavens the Spring Autumn Cicada was so weak, or else he would be in great trouble!

One must know, a Gu Master and their Gu must complement each other. Both having the same rank would be best.

A rank one Gu Master should use a rank one Gu. If the Gu’s rank was lower than the Gu Master, it would be the equivalent of a strong man wielding a toy sword. He would not be able to show his strength. If the Gu’s rank was higher than the Gu Master, it would be like a small child wielding a heavy axe, barely able to swing it.

The Spring Autumn Cicada was a rank six Gu, and Fang Yuan was just a rank one initial stage Gu Master. To use an analogy, the Spring Autumn Cicada was a mountain, and Fang Yuan was a squirrel. If the squirrel wanted to throw the mountain at its enemy, it would just be squashed flat.

If the Spring Autumn Cicada was in peak condition, Fang Yuan’s weak rank one aperture could not even tolerate it; the majestic aura of the cicada would just make the aperture shatter and he would die.

Fortunately, it was at its weakest, so Fang Yuan’s aperture could accommodate it for now.

I went through all that trouble to find the Liquor Worm just to refine it into my vital Gu. But in reality, I already had a vital Gu from the start. The Spring Autumn Cicada is my vital Gu! Fang Yuan’s heart was filled with emotion as he felt the close connection between himself and the Spring Autumn Cicada.

The vital Gu referred to the first Gu that a Gu Master refined. It was terribly important, and would greatly affect their future development.

If a vital Gu was well picked, one’s development would become smoother. When a vital Gu was poorly chosen, it would just drag down their cultivation and allow their peers to surpass them. More importantly, it could affect their life and death in battle.

Fang Yuan understood this point well, so he was not satisfied with Gu Yue Village’s signature Moonlight Gu. He did everything he could to find the Liquor Worm.

In his memory, for a rank one Gu Master, the Liquor Worm was already considered a high quality pick. The Moonlight Gu was just a choice that was slightly above average.

But life was fascinating. No one knew what was waiting for them in the future.

Fang Yuan had refined the Spring Autumn Cicada in his previous life. After his rebirth, the Spring Autumn Cicada fell into a deep sleep, but the connection between them still existed. In fact, Fang Yuan found that, as if going through the refinement of the River of Time, his connection with the Spring Autumn Cicada had grown even closer and more mysterious than in his previous life. But because the Spring Autumn Cicada was too weak, Fang Yuan had not been aware of it.

Therefore, in the real sense, the Spring Autumn Cicada was the first Gu that he had refined. It was just that the Spring Autumn Cicada was not refined in his current life, but in his previous life.

The Spring Autumn Cicada was Fang Yuan’s vital Gu.

A rank one Gu Master, having a rank six vital Gu!

No one would believe it if they were told. It was beyond human comprehension!

And yet, that was exactly what happened. The truth was beyond doubt.

The Liquor Worm as a vital Gu is already one of the best choices, but when you compare it to the Spring Autumn Cicada, it is nothing more than dirt! My vital Gu in this life is actually the Spring Autumn Cicada, ha ha ha…

* * *

[1]. Journey to the West reference.

