Chapter 190: Third Battle Against Bai Ning Bing


“Moon Raiment!” With the blade impending, Fang Zheng shouted, activating his Gu worm. Misty blue moonlight gushed out of his body, surrounding the group of Gu Masters.

But even so, everyone was still in despair.

“Struggling is useless.” Bai Ning Bing’s blue eyes shone with cruelty and indifference.

But at that moment!

Bam!

The ground under their feet suddenly bulged up and exploded, soil flying everywhere.

Gu Masters cried out in pain as they rolled away from the impact.

From within a cloud of dust, a giant spider emerged into their vision.

The aura of a rank five Gu made everyone wary.

Standing atop the spider that looked as though it was made of steel was a black-clothed, black-haired young man.

I finally reached the surface! Fang Yuan clenched his fist, his eyes emitting a brilliant glow!

Eh? Soon after, he saw Bai Ning Bing, swinging a blade down on him in midair.

The giant ice blade cut through the wind.

“Fang Yuan, you are finally here!” Bai Ning Bing’s face changed, first from calmness to shock, and then finally to excitement.

Fang Yuan snorted. The icy wind caused him to feel a slight chill, and his black hair fluttered behind him.

He raised his hand, which held the Chainsaw Golden Centipede!

Bam!

The two blades collided, and after a moment, the golden centipede’s sawteeth buzzed furiously, sending ice shards flying.

In moments, cracks spread out along the entire ice blade.

“Break!” Fang Yuan shouted. He had the strength of two boars, completely overwhelming Bai Ning Bing.

Bai Ning Bing could only let go as the ice blade shattered.

The Thousand Li Earthwolf Spider began to go berserk again. It spread its legs and attacked the white-clothed youth.

Gu worms had low intellect, but they were born sensitive to danger. To it, Bai Ning Bing’s aura was the most threatening, causing it to treat him as an enemy.

Bai Ning Bing waved his arm, and a row of icicles flew out. They struck the spider’s body and shattered, making it angry. It pounced while Fang Yuan was still on its back.

Swish swish swish!

Three black spiral legs shot out like spears towards Bai Ning Bing’s fragile body.

Sensing danger, a snowy light shot out from his aperture.

The light expanded, revealing the White Form Immortal Snake Gu floating in mid-air.

Bai Ning Bing laughed heartily. He leaped and landed on the White Form Immortal Snake’s back as he stared at Fang Yuan. “Interesting! Very interesting! Fang Yuan, you didn’t let me down after all!”

“B-Big…Brother…” Fang Zheng climbed up from the floor. His face had been cut by the ice blade and was covered in blood as he stared at Fang Yuan with a complex expression.

The opponent has a rank five Gu as well? The Bai clan leader’s face tightened as he became nervous.

Fang Yuan, you finally appeared! Rank five Gu…isn’t that a Thousand Li Earthwolf Spider? Gu Yue Bo thought, his eyes locked on the young elder.

Two youths of different ages stood on either side of the battlefield.

One wore white, with snowy hair and eyes blue as frost, and he rode on the White Form Immortal Snake while wielding an ice blade in his hand. He was like an ice deity descending to the mortal realm.

The other wore black, with black hair and eyes black as the abyss, and he stood on the Thousand Li Earthwolf Spider’s back while carrying the buzzing Chainsaw Golden Centipede in his hand. He was like a demon god called forth from the depths of the pit.

Their confrontation attracted countless eyes.

Bai Ning Bing’s face flushed with excitement. He raised his ice blade and shouted, “This will be the most exciting battle in my life! Come, Fang Yuan, let us battle to the death!”

“Hmph.” Fang Yuan stared at Bai Ning Bing, using his peripheral vision to observe the surroundings.

This was the three-way competition.

To think that the Thousand Li Earthwolf Spider brought him here…

He did not want to waste time fighting with Bai Ning Bing. Regardless of whether Tie Xue Leng or the Gu Yue founder won their battle, they would definitely hunt him down. But if he did not defeat Bai Ning Bing, how could he escape?

Therefore, he could only fight!

BAM!

The White Form Immortal Snake and the Thousand Li Earthwolf Spider collided. The white snake coiled as the black spider stabbed, engaging in close combat.

On their backs, two figures danced. The ice blade drew beautiful arcs in the air while the centipede buzzed, extending and contracting at will.

The ground shattered, and thunderous explosions echoed across the mountain.

Icicles struck Fang Yuan, but were deflected by the white armor of his Sky Canopy Gu. Bloody moonblades hit Bai Ning Bing, but the injuries instantly froze shut, the frost transforming into flesh and blood, causing him to recover completely.

“It really is the Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique!” The Xiong clan leader stared, his eyes wide.

The Ten Extreme Physiques were the stuff of legends. He never thought he’d see one with his own eyes.

“Hehehe, Fang Yuan dares to fight Bai Ning Bing, he is sure to lose!” The Bai clan leader laughed sinisterly.

“That might not be…” Tie Ruo Nan pouted beside him.

He must have one of the Ten Extreme Physiques. In a battle like this, his primeval essence would’ve been long gone if he was just C grade. Fang Yuan, you indeed possess the Desolate Ancient Moon Physique! Gu Yue Bo clenched his fist, his agitation visible on his face.

This is Big Brother’s true power? So he really has an Extreme Physique, he’s been concealing himself this entire time! Fang Zheng’s mouth hung open, his face full of dejection.

The truth was right in front of him, so what did his previous pride amount to now?

Every time Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing clashed, his heart trembled.

He felt himself shrinking, and Fang Yuan’s shadow started to engulf him once again.

“What sort of battle is this! I cannot believe that this is two rank three Gu Masters fighting!”

“Am I going crazy? Fang Yuan is this fierce? He’s fighting one on one against Bai Ning Bing and is equally matched!”

Some of the surviving Gu Masters stared in disbelief.

The battle suddenly shifted once again.

The White Form Immortal Snake and the Thousand Li Earthwolf Spider had both taken great damage. However, Bai Ning Bing had not refined his Gu, it was merely attracted to his Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique.

The White Form Immortal Snake spat out a lump of white fog that covered the entire battlefield. Then its body trembled as it threw Bai Ning Bing off its back and fled.

“This, Great Immortal…” The Bai clan leader was shocked, speechless as he watched the escaping white snake.

The fog obscured everything and followed those it touched like a shadow. Fang Yuan was covered in it, and his eyes saw nothing but whiteness.

But he did not panic. Though his vision was affected, he still had his other senses.

Earth Communication Ear Grass.

Roots grew out of Fang Yuan’s ear, and he used his hearing to analyze the situation within three hundred paces.

Lightning Eye Gu!

Bai Ning Bing’s eyes shone with lightning. Although this Gu could pierce illusions, the fog had been created by a rank five Gu, completely suppressing it.

“Fuck!” he cursed loudly.

Icicle Gu!

Dozens of icicles flew out in all directions.

Fang Yuan’s ear twitched as he heard the sound of the icicles cutting through the air. He hurriedly rolled to the other side of the Thousand Li Earthwolf Spider.

Bam bam bam.

The icicles struck the spider’s body. It flew into a rage and rushed in the direction they had come from.

“I’m not going to play with you.” Fang Yuan got off the Thousand Li Earthwolf Spider, leaving it and relying on the Earth Communication Ear Grass to attempt to exit the battlefield.

The Thousand Li Earthwolf Spider had already been corrupted by a Blood Frenzy Gu and was going to turn into a pool of blood very soon. He should abandon it immediately.

Bai Ning Bing was now a ticking time bomb, and killing him would be akin to setting it off, so he could not be touched.

The Gu Masters observing the battle only saw a sea of white mist, and then a small piece broke off and floated towards the southeast.

Within this mist was Fang Yuan, naturally.

The fog followed him like a shadow, and unless it was dispelled, it would continue to obscure his vision until it faded on its own.

He continued to rely on the Earth Communication Ear Grass to determine his location.

The sound of the wind rustling through the leaves, the sound of flowing water, the chirping of birds, and the breathing of wild beasts, they all directed him. Only stone made no sound, and thus sometimes he knocked into rocks and boulders.

“Ice blade storm!” Suddenly, Bai Ning Bing’s voice came from behind him.

Huff huff huff…

A cold wind blew and the temperature started to fall. A white ice blade storm formed, even bigger than before.

Even the Thousand Li Earthwolf Spider was repelled by it.

“That lump of mist should be Fang Yuan! Quickly, stop him!!” Tie Ruo Nan shouted from the side.

“Fang Yuan, don’t go, Gu Yue Village is your home!” Gu Yue Bo anxiously tried to chase after him but was stopped by the other two clan leaders.

“Why? Gu Yue Clan Leader, are you going to break the agreement and enter the battlefield?” The Xiong clan leader crossed his arms and snickered.

“Hmph, the Gu Yue Clan admits its loss for this battle. Now, if anyone stops me, I will kill them without hesitation!” Gu Yue Bo’s anxiety rose even further as he watched Fang Yuan put even more distance between them.

“Are you threatening me? I am not scared of you, Gu Yue Bo.” The Bai clan leader’s expression was grim as he signaled his Gu Masters.

The Gu Master understood and immediately dispatched his men to chase after Fang Yuan.

“We cannot let him escape, I’m going ahead.” Tie Ruo Nan, seeing this chance, made her move. A pair of black steel wings emerged from her back as she flew into the air and chased after Fang Yuan.

But at that moment, a green shadow shot towards her.

Rank five Gu — Giant Mountain Puppet!

It took the form of a bronze mask, with holes for the eyes and mouth. It was covered in blood as it flew towards the young girl’s face, disregarding her shock.

“Father!” At the sight of the blood, Tie Ruo Nan screamed subconsciously.

At the same time, a large iron hand flew over and grabbed Tie Ruo Nan. It carried her off into the distance without hesitation.

Everyone was taken aback.

•••

“It seems Tie Xue Leng is most likely going to lose. Hehe, it has been almost a thousand years, Senior Brother. You’ve really surprised me, ” an elderly Gu Master said, observing the scene indifferently from over three hundred meters in the air.

His hair and eyebrows were white, and he sat on the back of a giant flying crane. His right palm opened, revealing a Kinship Bloodworm Gu.

It appeared to be made of clear red crystal. It was shaped like a cicada, and it emitted a brilliant glow that pointed towards Gu Yue Village.

“Senior Brother, even if you hide here, I can still find you. Long ago, you stole my opportunity, so this time I will return the favor a thousandfold!”

The elderly man gritted his teeth, his face twisted with utter hatred.

