Chapter 1902: Bullying Rank Eigh


The impact currents were like hungry tigers at first, but after Fang Yuan’s arrangements, they became the pet cats that defended the five-islands chain.After Fang Yuan completed this set up, the situation was already resolved.


What followed were some finishing touches.


These were not hard to do, but they were quite strenuous and required time and effort.


Fang Yuan was not going to bother himself with them.


Thus, Fang Yuan discussed with Miao Ming Shen, they left Feng Jiang and Fairy Hua Die here while the rest returned with him.


White light shined, Fang Yuan, Miao Ming Shen, and Gui Qi Ye returned to the starting island.


Ren Xiu Ping was currently looking at the missions on this merit point.


He was an enslavement path Gu Immortal, he had many desolate beasts and a few ancient desolate beasts in his hands. These beasts all had various abilities, his methods were quite wide-ranging.


However, even Ren Xiu Ping still felt the difficulty of mid-sized missions.


Fang Yuan and the others appeared beside him, causing his heart to jump as he secretly thought: “How could these three suddenly appear at the same time? Is it a coincidence?”


Fang Yuan nodded at Ren Xiu Ping and smiled slightly.




Ren Xiu Ping was stunned, this unexpected attitude of Fang Yuan made him not know how to respond for a moment.


Fang Yuan walked towards him as the obelisk’s words transformed, showing all of its large sized missions.


Fang Yuan swept his gaze around it and quickly received one of the missions.


Next, he shared this with Miao Ming Shen and Gui Qi Ye.


With another flash of light, the three of them vanished on the spot.


Ren Xiu Ping watched the entire process, his expression turned grim: “Chu Ying received a different level of mission from me, it is one tier higher. It seems that his merit points fell earlier because he was exchanging for another title to receive higher tier missions. This is very likely to be the title — really good person!”


The title of ‘good person’ could exchange for mid-sized missions, while ‘really good person’ could exchange for large sized missions.


This was a simple relationship, the Gu Immortals could easily guess it just by seeing the names.


But the problem was, so what if they realized it?


“Mid-sized missions are already so hard, large sized missions must be even harder!” Ren Xiu Ping felt gloomy internally: “And why were Miao Ming Shen and Gui Qi Ye able to move together with Chu Ying? Did they receive the same mission?”




This discovery was quite alluring to Ren Xiu Ping.


Mid-sized missions were difficult but if they had help, the difficulty would be shifted.


“Even though the merit points would be divided if many people receive the same missions, as long as we control it well, our efficiency at completing missions will increase, our overall gains will increase instead. Isn’t Chu Ying doing the exact same thing now?”


Ren Xiu Ping was a savvy person, after thinking about it, he understood Fang Yuan’s intentions.


Fang Yuan did not plan to hide it, in fact, he had purposely released the information.


Miao Ming Shen’s group could be roped in as allies, why couldn’t Ren Xiu Ping?


Their hatred earlier?


Hehe.


How could hatred compare to the benefits in front of them?


Ren Xiu Ping was not crazy, he was astute, thus, there was a chance of cooperation.


Ren Xiu Ping definitely had an alliance agreement with Shen clan.


But it did not matter.


The Merit Obelisk had such rewards that could eliminate the agreement restraints on a Gu Immortal.


Even without Fang Yuan’s reminder, Ren Xiu Ping must have seen that himself already.


The second large sized mission was naturally harder than mid-sized missions, but it was no problem for Fang Yuan.


After spending some effort, Fang Yuan resolved the big issues and left Miao Ming Shen and Gui Qi Ye to settle the minor problems.


When he returned to the Merit Obelisk again, he waited a little while before Hua Die and Feng Jiang returned.


Their return meant that the first large sized mission was completed.


Fang Yuan gained five hundred merit points, while Miao Ming Shen and the rest each gained around eighty points.


Fang Yuan looked at the numbers on the merit board as he calculated, this large sized mission gave a total of nine hundred and seventy-three points.


Fang Yuan and Miao Ming Shen’s group split up these points, Fang Yuan gained the bulk of them, getting five hundred points was about the same as completing a large sized mission alone.


Except that he spent way less time and effort on it.


Hua Die and Feng Jiang looked at each other, seeing the joy in each other’s eyes.


In this mission, they helped Fang Yuan resist the waves and settle the minor problems at the end. They only spent some immortal essence, time, and effort, but they gained more than eighty merit points from it.


Feng Jiang thought about the beehive island mission he completed alone, he spent a group of bees, including his desolate beast yellow gyro bee, but only got eighty points in the end.


Comparing the two, helping Fang Yuan complete a large sized mission was much easier and reaped greater rewards.


“Go and join with Miao Ming Shen to complete the second mission. I’d advise that we should all exchange for a group title. With a group title, we will be able to communicate with each other.” Fang Yuan suggested.


A group title was not cheap, it required a hundred merit points.


But Feng Jiang and Hua Die did not hesitate, they listened to Fang Yuan and exchanged for this title.


Fang Yuan shared the second mission with them as Feng Jiang and Hua Die teleported to where Miao Ming Shen and Gui Qi Ye were.


Fang Yuan received the third large sized mission and went ahead to deal with it.


After Miao Ming Shen and the rest completed the second mission and returned to the starting island, the four immortals gained a sum of merit points listed on the merit board.


Miao Ming Shen and Gui Qi Ye also spent merit points to exchange for a group title, it allowed the four immortals to communicate with Fang Yuan constantly.


At this point, Fang Yuan already completed his arrangements in the new mission, he shared it with Miao Ming Shen and group.


Miao Ming Shen and the rest touched the obelisk and accepted the mission Fang Yuan shared with them.


They were transported to Fang Yuan, he gave them some instructions before returning to look at the next mission on the Merit Obelisk.


Fang Yuan had an advantage in cultivating every path, his value was fully displayed here.


Even for Shen Cong Sheng, many of the missions here were impossible to complete, but Fang Yuan, from his perspective, had methods to solve most missions. What he had to do was to choose those that would give him the most benefits and complete them first.


With the help of Miao Ming Shen and the others, Fang Yuan saved a lot of time and effort, while they were also gaining much more merit points now due to the help of Fang Yuan.


The cooperation between them was of mutual benefit, but it was a problem for Ren Xiu Ping and Shen Cong Sheng.


These people watched as Miao Ming Shen’s group rose in position on the merit board, surpassing them and becoming part of the top rankers, it was truly infuriating but there was nothing they could do.


Looking at Fang Yuan’s merit points, he had reached several thousand! He was truly ahead, far surpassing any other immortal.


Because of their huge difference, the immortals lost all desire to catch up to him.


“Immortal Gu need at least ten thousand merit points to exchange, Chu Ying is not far away already.” Many people saw this and felt complex emotions, they were in admiration but also felt dejection.


“This is so strange, how can Chu Ying successfully complete so many different types of missions?”


“He must know many secrets about this place, it is a pity that we cannot fight inside here!”


“Miao Ming Shen and his group have truly dog shit luck, how could they gain the help of Chu Ying like this?”


The immortals were extremely jealous.


Shen Cong Sheng sighed, the number of times he had sighed in the last ten days was more than the sum of the previous few years.


The ranking on the merit board was very glaring, Shen Cong Sheng’s position was even lower than Hua Die and Feng Jiang.


He was a great rank eight Gu Immortal, he actually was losing to two rank six Gu Immortals, how could he allow this? It was too embarrassing.


“If I can receive a large sized mission, my rank eight strength will be fully utilized, I will definitely gain a lot of merit points. But how can I let others receive the same mission as me?


The ‘really good person’ title was obvious, but what was the title to share missions?


They needed to test this.


And these experiments would test Shen Cong Sheng’s luck, their merit points would also be wasted.


This would aggravate their situation from the already terrible situation now.


“I can make my Shen clan Gu Immortals use their merit points, but what about Ren Xiu Ping and Tong Hua? If I do that, will I just push them towards Chu Ying’s side?”


Shen Cong Sheng had some reservations.


He knew that his influence was continuously falling now.


After learning that Gu Immortal agreements could be removed using the rewards on the Merit Obelisk, Shen Cong Sheng became more cautious regarding his attitude towards Ren Xiu Ping and others.


Fang Yuan and Miao Ming Shen could cooperate to do missions together, he had a good lead.


Shen Cong Sheng wanted to copy him, he had to unite Ren Xiu Ping and Tong Hua, these two people cultivated paths that Shen clan lacked.


Shen Cong Sheng was already regretting it, he should not have forced Miao Ming Shen and the rest to spend their merit points to exchange for different rewards.


This action made the immortals go against him mentally, it was a wise action back then, but now it was a terrible idea.


This was not Shen Cong Sheng’s fault, after all, he did not know anything about the Merit Obelisk earlier.


The decisions he made back then was very appropriate due to the circumstances.


There were many types of missions on the merit obelisk, mid-sized missions started to become difficult.


Thus, the more paths one cultivated, the more advantage they would have in completing missions.


Fang Yuan had already united Miao Ming Shen and the rest, Shen Cong Sheng started to learn from his mistake, he became more gentle in his approach towards Ren Xiu Ping and Tong Hua.


His rank eight reputation was still around, while Ren Xiu Ping’s alliance agreement was not removed yet, and most importantly, Ren Xiu Ping had a grudge against Chu Ying and Miao Ming Shen.


All these reasons ensured that Ren Xiu Ping and Tong Hua were still on Shen clan’s side.


When Fang Yuan returned to the Merit Obelisk, a new large sized mission appeared — the demonic immortal in regret crying sea has lost his senses, please cooperate with the formation and kill him!


“Regret crying sea appeared?” Fang Yuan was slightly stunned before accepting this mission.


At this point, four missions regarding the merman city had appeared, but the merman saintess selection competition had not started yet.


The influence of Fang Yuan’s rebirth had greatly altered the missions on the Merit Obelisk.


With this mission, Fang Yuan would be able to retrieve regret Gu earlier.


This was a great thing!


Once he gets regret Gu, he would be able to advance his Immortal Gu to a higher rank, his progress would be faster than in his previous life.




