Chapter 1903: Response Gu


The sky was cloudy, there were vicious winds and choppy waves.This was regret crying sea area, Fang Yuan and Miao Ming Shen’s group had already been here for some time.


“I regret it! I should not have killed so many people.”


“I painfully regret it! I should not have chased after power, it would have been much better if I had stayed behind to look after my parents as a filial son!”


“I truly repent! I deceived everyone and concealed Immortal Gu, I let a friend, who trusted me the most, carry the blame so I could get benefits!”


Waves of crying sounds resounded in the immortals’ ears like immortal killer moves that messed with their emotions.


This was the center of the regret crying sea area.


Miao Ming Shen and the rest stayed in the sky while watching Fang Yuan who was in deep contemplation, they waited patiently.


Even though they did not have much formation path foundation, they also found the grand formation at the bottom of the sea.


This was clearly the work of Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable, Miao Ming Shen and the rest looked at it and felt how minuscule they were.


Fang Yuan was like this in his previous life, he sighed that this formation was as vast as the sky, he would need at least dozens of years to comprehend all the profundities of this large formation.


But now, this time needed decreased drastically.




“I need about eight years to fully comprehend and gain complete understanding of this formation.” Fang Yuan thought.


The reason for such an improvement was none other than Fang Yuan’s earth path attainment level.


In the previous life, Fang Yuan did not have grandmaster attainment level in earth path, but this formation was a super immortal formation that was primarily earth path.


“There are no actions from regret Gu.” Fang Yuan stared at a certain area at the bottom of the sea.


Fang Yuan was not surprised by this situation.


In order to stay in Dragon Whale Paradise, Fang Yuan destroyed the stone lotus island in advance. Without the stone lotus island, the venerable method used on regret Gu could not find its location, how could it activate?


According to the memories that Fang Yuan obtained on the stone lotus island, Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable had entered the stone lotus island and borrowed regret Gu.


Even though the stone lotus island had Red Lotus’ will and his lingering methods, how could it resist a living venerable?


Red Lotus’ will gave in, allowing Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable to borrow regret Gu, he even wanted to snatch Red Lotus’ inheritor.


This inheritor was naturally Fang Yuan.




In the previous life, Fang Yuan chose the stone lotus island but this time, he took everything from the stone lotus island in advance, he came to the Dragon Whale Paradise because he wanted to inherit this Paradise Earth true inheritance.


“In the previous life, regret Gu flew out and transported me away. Right now, it is showing no signs of movement, it seems that I need to take action myself.” Fang Yuan gained some realization.


Venerable methods were grand and powerful, Fang Yuan was teleported by regret Gu to the stone lotus island without putting up resistance.


Seeing that regret Gu did not activate, Fang Yuan was quite happy about it.


After comprehending it for several hours, Fang Yuan recollected his scattered thoughts.


He thought about it for a moment before saying to Miao Ming Shen: “We need to use the formation to get rid of this demonic immortal. However, when Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable set up this formation, even though it has unparalleled power, it can only suppress and seal, it has no offensive power. My idea is, we will set up a supplementary formation outside and activate it to kill the demonic immortal trapped within the formation.”


Miao Ming Shen and the rest nodded upon hearing this idea, they agreed with it.


If they tried to break the formation and release the demonic immortal, it would be extremely dangerous.


It was obvious that this mysterious demonic immortal was someone of Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s generation. Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable had died already but this demonic immortal was still alive.


In terms of lifespan, he had already lived for more than a hundred thousand years.


Who could live for so long?


Even Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable, who had the longest lifespan among venerables, only lived for twenty five thousand years.


Having a longer lifespan than a venerable, just this point alone made the demonic immortal extremely terrifying.


“Everyone, no need to overestimate the demonic immortal.” Fang Yuan smiled: “This formation has a lifespan extension method in addition to its sealing ability, this demonic immortal is in constant hibernation to extend his lifespan, this is the reason he is still alive.”


Miao Ming Shen and the rest showed a more relaxed expression after he said that.


“Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable is truly merciful, not only did he not kill the person, after suppressing this demonic immortal, he even extended his lifespan!”


“Does Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable have Heavenly Court’s lifespan extension method? According to Heavenly Court’s method, not only a hundred thousand years, they can hibernate for millions of years.”


“Sigh, how can we possibly try to understand the method of a venerable?”


Fang Yuan turned his gaze to Miao Ming Shen and said: “But for me to set up the supplementary formation, I need a Gu Immortal to suppress each formation core. When the supplementary formation is activated, the more Gu Immortals there are and the more formation cores there are, the greater the power of the supplementary formation will be. And in my plan, I need at least eight Gu Immortals to suppress the formation cores.”


The good feelings of Miao Ming Shen and the rest faded away.


Including Fang Yuan, there were only five Gu Immortals here. Fang Yuan’s words meant that they had to invite at least three more people.


That was an interesting situation.


Because with the addition of Zeng Luo Zi and Tu Tou Tuo, they still needed one person.


And other than Shen clan’s Gu Immortals, there were only Ren Xiu Ping and Tong Hua left.


This was not acceptable to Miao Ming Shen’s group. Shen clan had suppressed them, while Ren Xiu Ping was their enemy and Tong Hua was a traitor.


Who do they invite?


Gui Qi Ye, Hua Die, and Feng Jiang showed difficult expressions.


However, Miao Ming Shen smiled and responded sincerely: “Brother Chu, the most important thing right now is the Paradise Earth true inheritance, it is a rare opportunity, so we should seize it! This is such a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity! What hatred do we have that we can’t put aside for a while? If we want to settle the score, we can do it after we leave. In my opinion, Zeng Luo Zi and Tu Tou Tuo can be invited, Ren Xiu Ping and Tong Hua can also be invited, and it will be even better if Shen clan’s Gu Immortals can also come.”


After saying that, Miao Ming Shen added an additional sentence: “Of course, everything is up to you, Brother Chu.”


Gui Qi Ye and the other immortals’ expressions changed, they wanted to say something but after Miao Ming Shen’s statement, they could not say anything.


Fang Yuan laughed loudly, Miao Ming Shen was truly Miao Ming Shen after all!


Fang Yuan said warmly: “Brother Miao is truly magnanimous, I am in deep admiration. Let’s do that, I will set up a few supplementary formations first, the four of you will guard a formation core each and activate the formations to infiltrate the underwater formation. After that, I will invite the other Gu Immortals in.”


Miao Ming Shen said again: “I am friends with Tu Tou Tuo and Zeng Luo Zi, I can write them a letter to make sure they know what decision to make.”


Fang Yuan nodded: “That would be good.”


Eventually, Fang Yuan obtained a few information path mortal Gu from Miao Ming Shen.


Miao Ming Shen not only wrote letters to Zeng Luo Zi and Tu Tou Tuo, he even wrote to Ren Xiu Ping, Tong Hua, and Shen clan, inviting them on behalf of Fang Yuan.


Fang Yuan took a few glances at the content, there were no issues. Miao Ming Shen expressed his intention to work together in the letter, he said that their grudges could be put aside for a while, he also praised Fang Yuan’s methods and urged them to cooperate with him.


Fang Yuan could not help but reassess Miao Ming Shen.


The truth was, Miao Ming Shen’s letter was only the icing on the cake, this letter was not going to change anything.


Fang Yuan had a lot of confidence in successfully recruiting these people to begin with.


Even if Miao Ming Shen objected, Fang Yuan would still invite the other Gu Immortals. Miao Ming Shen knew that he was not someone crucial to Fang Yuan, he could be replaced, in order to gain more benefits in the future, he relented. If this is not a talented person, who is?


The process of recruiting Tu Tou Tuo and Zeng Luo Zi went very smoothly.


Fang Yuan only said a sentence and they quickly joined him, they even showed deep excitement.


After all, Fang Yuan was bringing Miao Ming Shen’s group to rise in ranking on the merit board, everyone could see how they suppressed Shen Cong Sheng.


Fang Yuan invited Tong Hua next, she hesitated and said she needed to think about it.


After that, Fang Yuan invited Ren Xiu Ping, he agreed to it without even thinking, he was even faster than Tu Tou Tuo and Zeng Luo Zi.


Ren Xiu Ping also brought slightly surprising news to Fang Yuan, Shen clan’s Gu Immortals wanted to join as well.


Shen Cong Sheng was the leader of the Shen clan Gu Immortals, without his consent, none of them would dare to defect over to Fang Yuan.


Thus Fang Yuan met with Shen Cong Sheng soon after.


“Chu Ying.” This time, Shen Cong Sheng had a warm attitude, he also treated the rank seven Chu Ying as a rank eight equal.


“The reason why I came here is because of Heavenly Court’s information. Not long ago, Duke Long and Qi Sea Ancestor had a battle, I’m sure you have heard of it. In this battle, I captured Gu Yue Fang Zheng, in order to get him back, Heavenly Court gave me some important information.”


“It turns out that this Dragon Whale Paradise has a rank eight response Immortal Gu, this Gu is extremely important to me and my Shen clan, I have been looking for it for many years.”


“Shen clan is willing to cooperate with you, Chu Ying. If you see this Gu on the Merit Obelisk’s reward list, I hope you can pass it. If you encounter this Gu in a mission, my Shen clan would like you to capture it for us. We will offer you a huge reward!”


Fang Yuan’s expression changed: “Response Gu? This Gu worm is among the top ten of the List of Mystical Gu, it can emit a voice and anyone who hears this voice and responds to it will become enslaved. A rank eight response Gu can enslave rank eight Gu Immortals, this is such a precious Gu that your clan is unable to obtain, if you want to work with me, what rewards are you offering me? After all, within this Dragon Whale Paradise, we cannot set an agreement.”


Shen Cong Sheng laughed loudly: “I have already prepared it. This cooperation will use the reputation of my Shen clan, you can record the entire process. Furthermore, I have something for you, this is a portion of our sincerity, please do accept it.”


Saying so, Shen Cong Sheng took out a set of immortal materials and handed them to Fang Yuan.


The immortal materials had a lot of value, even Fang Yuan felt a little excited upon receiving them.


Regret Gu was right in front of him, he needed quite a bit of resources to advance all of his Immortal Gu, this set of immortal materials from Shen Cong Sheng had fixed this problem, it was something Fang Yuan really needed.


Fang Yuan nodded as he accepted the immortal materials.


Shen Cong Sheng added: “I hear that your current mission has a super immortal formation set by Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable himself. I would like to go there, response Gu might be in it, even if it is not there, my Shen clan Gu Immortals can lend a hand to help you with this mission.”


Fang Yuan pondered for a while before nodding: “It is my honor to receive the help of Lord Shen Cong Sheng.”




