Chapter 1907: Human Path Quasi-supreme


At this point, Fang Yuan was no longer like before.


Heavenly Court was the reason for his overwhelming fame and dominance. Even though he only displayed rank seven cultivation level, it was enough to intimidate most rank eight Gu Immortals in the world.


“Ancestor.” Shen Cong Sheng sent an information path mortal Gu to Shen Shang, it contained everything they knew about Fang Yuan.


Shen Shang received the mortal Gu as his divine sense swept through it, he looked towards Fang Yuan with a new type of gaze.


“Fang Yuan? Even Heavenly Court cannot do anything against you, hahaha, interesting!” Shen Shang’s eyes burst out with blood red light, he laughed wildly: “To think that a person like you would appear in the world, this is wonderful, because now… I won’t feel lonely.”


Saying so, a strong aura burst out of his body, overwhelming the surroundings and dominating everyone’s hearts.


Not only did Shen Shang not feel threatened by Fang Yuan’s information, he even became extremely motivated to fight.


Looking at Shen Shang’s action, Shen Cong Sheng felt a sense of confidence in his heart: “I’m likely not Fang Yuan’s match, but with Ancestor Shen Shang here who is not an ordinary rank eight Gu Immortal, the outcome is still unknown!”


While he was thinking that, a silver light shot out and filled Shen Cong Sheng’s vision.


“Damn it!” The alarms in Shen Cong Sheng’s mind rang wildly, he quickly retreated.


At the next moment, Myriad Year Flying Warship flew over, drawing a beautiful arc of light in the air as it traveled.




If he reacted slower and stayed on the spot, Shen Cong Sheng would have been hit by Myriad Year Flying Warship.


Shen Cong Sheng did not dare to imagine the result of that collision.


This was the advantage of an Immortal Gu House.


Activating immortal killer moves took time, but using an Immortal Gu House to charge and rampage would instantly allow one to unleash an offensive method.


Myriad Year Flying Warship shot off again.


Fang Yuan mobilized Myriad Year Flying Warship and went after Shen Shang, ignoring Shen Cong Sheng completely.


Shen Shang did not dare to test Myriad Year Flying Warship with his bare body either, he was forced into being chased around by Myriad Year Flying Warship.


Shen Cong Sheng and the other Shen clan Gu Immortals wanted to help out but they were helpless when they found out that they could not attack Fang Yuan.


“Damn it!” Shen Cong Sheng gritted his teeth, in this situation, Shen clan’s superiority in numbers could not be used, they could only watch as Fang Yuan fought against Shen Shang.


As for Miao Ming Shen and the rest, they did not dare to participate in such a battle, they were retreating already, hiding at a corner of the battlefield.




“Shen Shang, as an ancestor of Shen clan, all you can do is run around?” Fang Yuan mocked from within Myriad Year Flying Warship.


But even inside Myriad Year Flying Warship, he was still restricted by Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s method. Fang Yuan had many subordinates in the sovereign immortal aperture but he could not let them out.


He could only control Myriad Year Flying Warship alone.


If he could let out his subordinates, his numbers would far surpass Shen clan.


“Hmph, arrogant junior!” Shen Shang was angered by Fang Yuan’s words, he stopped in the air and used an immortal killer move.


Shen Shang’s flying attainment was very high, he was able to fly rapidly, capable of catching up to Myriad Year Flying Warship.


In the process of escaping, he had been preparing his killer move, he finally unleashed it now.


Immortal killer move — Night Song!


The melancholic song quickly spread across the battlefield, and the sadness contained in it was like a tidal wave, constantly filling the hearts of the people.


The song had a slow tempo, it focused on the person’s vocals, along with the sounds of drums and zithers, it was traditional yet sad.


Hua Die and Feng Jiang who were at the periphery were already crying.


Miao Ming Shen, Ren Xiu Ping, and the rest all had sad expressions, they could not help it.


Fang Yuan snorted coldly, Myriad Year Flying Warship shined with radiance as it helped him to block the power of night song.


But Shen Shang had already achieved his goal.


He activated night song, not to directly deal with the Gu Immortals here, but to create a battlefield environment.


The song enveloped the sea and sky, a trace of twilight mist spread out from the sound waves, permeating the entire field, and after a few breaths, the entire regret crying sea turned pitch black.


The Gu Immortals were trapped in this dark area and could not see anything, all they could hear was the sorrowful night song, their morale and battle intent fell drastically. If this continued, they were going to be defenseless.


Even though Fang Yuan was barely affected, the surrounding darkness meant that he had lost sight of his target as well.


Fang Yuan immediately activated his investigative method, to try to find Shen Shang’s location.


But Shen Shang sensed something as he laughed: “Fang Yuan, you fell for my trap.”


Saying so, he activated a killer move — Sensory Injury.


Fang Yuan grunted immediately, he was directly hit by it.


He was shocked as he quickly realized: “This is a human path killer move! No wonder my Myriad Year Flying Warship could not guard against it.”


Immortal Gu Houses had both offense and defense, they provided a huge assurance to the Gu Immortal and were very safe.


But this defense was not perfect.


When Fang Yuan designed Myriad Year Flying Warship, he considered most paths but human path was his weakness, he was not a human path grandmaster back then.


By the time he gained the attainment level, Myriad Year Flying Warship was already built, it could not be changed, he could only adjust it a little but there could not be major modifications.


And most importantly, Fang Yuan lacked defensive human path Immortal Gu.


“Shen Shang definitely has a high rank human path Immortal Gu!” After Fang Yuan was hit, he understood a bit of his enemy’s foundation.


In terms of information, Fang Yuan was the one at the losing end.


He did not know much about Shen Shang, but Shen Shang knew a lot about him.


Fang Yuan had trump cards of course, like his rank eight cultivation level, five restriction profound light qi, and others, but he intended to keep these methods as a secret, he did not want to expose them now.


Within this Dragon Whale Paradise, Fang Yuan could not attack Shen Cong Sheng, Miao Ming Shen, and Ren Xiu Ping. If they brought this information out of Dragon Whale Paradise, it was easy for others to find out.


Thus, Fang Yuan decided to use the methods that he had already exposed before to fight.


Immortal killer move — Daybreak Sword!


Myriad Year Flying Warship’s aura surged as a blinding white light shot out.


From the silver-white light bubbled the water of the River of Time, from which countless strands of silver light emerged.


The silver rays quickly condensed and took shape, transforming into many sharp sword-like blades that shot out violently.


The group of flying swords whistled past, pointing straight at Shen Shang.


Daybreak flying sword was a genuine rank eight killer move, its power was immense, but when Shen Shang saw the group of flying swords, he laughed loudly and did not dodge.


Silver-white flying swords landed on his body.


Shen Shang’s body surged with a mysterious aura, he did not die but was covered in injuries.


But soon, all the injuries over his body disappeared and turned into dao marks.


“Incredible! The records in the clan are indeed correct, Ancestor Shen Shang was most proficient at healing.” Shen Cong Sheng saw this scene and exclaimed in his mind.


When Shen Shang was still young, he was a healing physician. When he was a Gu Master, he began to travel Eastern Sea, and because of his powerful and unique healing methods, he soon became famous and well-known. He was also praised for his charitable acts, often helping the poor and needy without charging the slightest consultation fee, he received a warm welcome wherever he went.


Precisely because of his fame and reputation established in his youth, when he fell into the demonic path later and committed all sorts of demonic acts, Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortals did not manage to link these crimes to him.


Within Myriad Year Flying Warship, Fang Yuan squinted his eyes and felt something amiss: “This healing method is another human path killer move!”


Under normal circumstances, the injuries of Gu Immortals would have dense dao marks that were difficult to heal.


But Shen Shang possessed human path methods, he could heal himself with extreme efficiency and yielded quick results.


The group of flying swords continued to shoot out, many of them piercing through his body.


However, these wounds were completely healed almost instantly.


Immortal killer move — Mutual Injuries!


Shen Shang saw that the time was ripe and quickly unleashed the killer move that he had already prepared.


In Myriad Year Flying Warship, Fang Yuan grunted as hundreds of wounds instantly formed on his body, wounds burst open and blood splattered everywhere.


The wounds were filled with human path dao marks, which then spread rapidly from the wounds, scattering everywhere while being connected as one.


Alarm bells rang in Fang Yuan’s heart!


These human path dao marks were like a hanging rope around his neck, once the numbers increased, it would endanger Fang Yuan’s life.


At the crucial moment, Fang Yuan activated his wisdom path killer move first!


In an instant, the thoughts in his mind blossomed like fireworks, all sorts of thoughts collided, converged and fused into each other.


“Shen Shang’s methods are bizarre, he was able to bypass Myriad Year Flying Warship to directly injure me!”


“Such a terrifying killer move… His human path attainment level is definitely more than a level above mine, I’m afraid he’s a human path quasi-supreme grandmaster!”


“Any killer move needs to sense its target first, it can only take effect after it senses its target. How did he sense me?”


“I see. The previous night song killer move was just a trap to lure me into detecting him. He then followed this connection and found his way to me.”


Everything in this world was interconnected.


When a fist hits a sand dune, a pit would appear on the sand, while the fist would also be covered in sand and mud.


Previously, Eastern Sea wisdom path Gu Immortal Hua An deduced Fang Yuan, but instead, Fang Yuan followed this connection and deduced Hua An’s situation.


Not long ago, Heavenly Court Gu Immortals moved to blockade the stone lotus island with the river suppression lotus sealing formation, and it was with this layer of suppression and sealing that Fang Yuan was able to follow this connection and destroy the river suppression lotus sealing formation.


Now, Shen Shang did the same thing to sense Fang Yuan, it followed the same logic.


In just half a breath of time, Fang Yuan had already figured it out.


He immediately made his move, making Myriad Year Flying Warship retreat while scattering the daybreak flying swords, while he began to activate a healing killer move on himself.


His reaction was so swift that it left Shen Shang slightly stunned.


At the next moment, this demonic immortal, who was suppressed by Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable himself, laughed with a hint of madness: “Fang Yuan! Do you think you’ll be safe if you don’t attack me? Hahaha, watch closely!”


As he said that, he activated a killer move again, his five fingers spread wide and his palm pressed against his chest.


Immortal killer move — Light Injuries!


Shen Shang grunted as he was hit by his own killer move, his expression turned pale.


Within Myriad Year Flying Warship, Fang Yuan’s body shook as he coughed out a huge mouthful of blood.




