Chapter 191: Crane Disaster


Countless clouds floated aimlessly in the azure sky.


The elderly Gu Master rode on top of a giant white crane. Under his sharp white eyebrows, his eyes revealed a deep killing intent.


“Hehehe, with this grudge of mine, I shall start taking revenge on your descendants,” he laughed, staring down at the battlefield. He stretched out a thin, dry finger and pointed downwards.


The white crane beneath him raised its long, elegant neck and cried out in a loud, bright voice.


It spread through the vast sky, and from far away, countless calls answered it.


What’s this sound? Fang Yuan was using his Earth Communication Ear Grass and heard it. A ripple of shock ran through his heart.


The cries of the cranes were endless, and the many different pitches of their voices blended together into a magnificent chorus. It was not just a hundred, not just a few thousand; it was the song of over ten thousand all at once.


Is there a migrating flock of cranes nearby? All of a sudden, Fang Yuan felt a strong sense of danger.


The sound of the cranes attracted the attention of the Gu Masters in the battlefield. They all turned to look.


“What’s that in the sky?”


“From the sound, I’d say it’s a large flock of migrating birds. Tell all the Gu Masters that they should not attack recklessly—!” the Bai clan leader said, but suddenly his words came to a halt.


His eyes widened. One, two, three…more than ten thousand cranes had gathered in the sky, diving towards them.


“How can this be?”


“Prepare to defend yourselves!”


“We should run! With that many, there must be a myriad beast king among them!”


“The wolf tide has just ended, and now we have cranes attacking us? Oh heavens, Qing Mao Mountain is cursed!”


The Gu Masters began speaking and shouting, expressing their shock and dismay as their spirits wavered.


They had already barely resisted the wolf tide and suffered tremendous losses. How could they possibly deal with such a large flock of cranes?


The birds folded their wings and dived down like a rain of arrows.


Shouts and screams of fear, pain, and horror erupted all at once as light burst forth. Moonblades, water balls, and steel spikes were all sent into the skies.


After a momentary resistance, more than half of the Gu Masters were killed.


The flying cranes were like piledrivers. Each flap of their wings held the strength of a boar, and their sharp claws could shatter stone. The ordinary cranes were already hard enough to deal with, but there were also many hundred and thousand beast kings among them.


The three clans had centuries of experience dealing with the wolf tide, and they could rely on the sturdy village defenses that they had built over time. But right now, they were in the wilderness with no proper cover in sight. Where could they find anything resembling a fort?


Thus, during the first attack, half the Gu Masters died.


The cranes pierced through hearts with their beaks and cracked skulls with their claws. With a flap of their wings, their victims would vomit blood and be sent flying, all their bones broken.


Fang Yuan was also attacked. All he could see was white fog, so he relied on the Earth Communication Ear Grass to avoid their strikes.


“Fang Yuan, hang in there!” He heard Gu Yue Bo shouting behind him.


Fang Yuan felt puzzled.


What was up with Gu Yue Bo? When he shouted Fang Yuan’s name earlier, his tone was strange, like he intended to protect him. Now he was even running over to help.


Fang Yuan was a scheming old fox, but even he could not predict everything. In this short period, how could he guess that Tie Ruo Nan assumed he had an Extreme Physique?


Gu Yue Bo was a rank four expert. The cranes attacking Fang Yuan were all ordinary beasts, so he easily killed them or drove them off.


“Fang Yuan, is that you?” Gu Yue Bo finally reached the fog.


Fang Yuan’s thoughts whirled. Right now, he was in an extremely dangerous predicament. Being near Gu Yue Bo would greatly increase his chances of survival. Thus, he answered, “It’s me.”


Gu Yue Bo finally breathed a sigh of relief at the sound of Fang Yuan’s voice. “Very good! Fang Yuan, let’s not mention what happened in the past. No matter what, the clan will keep you safe. Let’s return to the village. I’ll protect you as we retreat!”


What he did not know was that the village was the most dangerous location for Fang Yuan right now.


But the cranes were a much greater threat compared to the village. At least, if he went back to the village, he would not die immediately, compared to staying here.


Fang Yuan sighed and didn’t hesitate. “Please lead the way, Clan Leader, I will try to keep up!”


But at that moment, a giant crane descended from the sky. The white-browed old Gu Master sitting atop it spoke, his tone cold as ice. “No one can escape, all of you shall die here.”


Fang Yuan heard Gu Yue Bo shout, “Rank five Gu Master!” Evidently, he had some sort of investigative method to deduce the stranger’s cultivation level.


Fang Yuan was stunned. Why is there another rank five Gu Master here? Qing Mao Mountain is tiny, it’s not famous or full of resources. Why are all these rank five experts gathering here?


He had a moment of inspiration. Don’t tell me, this has to do with the founder?


His heart jumped!


If they were normal cranes, he would have no chance of escaping. Wild flying beasts were hard to manipulate to his advantage, and although he was at rank three peak stage, that was still nothing compared to rank five.


But now, another rank five Gu Master had shown up. This represented another source of extreme danger, but also a chance to break out of his predicament.


Right now, the three rank five experts were the crucial players. The rest were insignificant.


Only rank five could deal with rank five.


Fang Yuan immediately made a decision. It was time to gamble!


“Clan Leader, the founder has fully awakened! We will be safe if we return to the village!” Fang Yuan said.


“What?” Gu Yue Bo shouted in shock.


His shock gave Fang Yuan reassurance.


“I wouldn’t lie about such things. As long as we get back to the village, we can be saved!” Fang Yuan continued.


Gu Yue Bo was a resolute man. He immediately grabbed Fang Yuan and sped towards the village.


But the flying cranes continued to approach, blocking the path. Hundred beast kings and thousand beast kings appeared without end.


Gu Yue Bo fought with his life, protecting Fang Yuan. Eventually he could no longer proceed and fell into the encirclement of the cranes, but he was still able to protect Fang Yuan for the time being.


At last, the fog vanished.


Fang Yuan observed the battlefield, only to see corpses lying everywhere. So many Gu Masters had died, but the flock of cranes had also suffered as a result. Their bodies littered the ground.


Aren’t these iron beak flying cranes? Fang Yuan thought, puzzled.


Others here might not recognize them, as these beasts were not from the Southern Border. But he knew that iron beak flying cranes came from the Central Continent.


Eh? Myriad beast king, rank five expert! Next, Fang Yuan saw a giant crane hovering in the air. On its back, a white-browed, white-haired old man sat, his expression cold.


Fang Yuan looked at Gu Yue Bo.


The clan leader was already covered in blood and injuries as he fought with his life on the line. Many times, there were attacks he clearly could have avoided, but he took the blow to protect Fang Yuan.


“Clan Leader! Things aren’t looking good. Everyone is fighting bravely, but we are all divided into different areas by the cranes and we will eventually be overwhelmed. We must gather our strength into one. Only then can we have a chance to break out of this and return to the village!” Fang Yuan said.


“You are right.” Gu Yue Bo looked around and shouted, “Everyone, the enemy is before us! Gu Yue Village has a method to deal with them, quickly assemble with me and let’s kill our way out!”


His voice echoed across the battlefield, attracting countless eyes.


“What? The Gu Yue Clan still has a trump card to deal with a rank five?”


“Believing in it is better than nothing!”


“Brothers, let’s go, gather with the Gu Yue clan leader!!”


They had been despairing, but Gu Yue Bo’s words gave them hope.


Under the pressure of death, these former enemies united and worked together, quickly gathering into one spot.


Gu Yue Clan…hehe, you are all Senior Brother’s descendants. Atop the massive crane, the white-browed old man laughed coldly. He was about to command the cranes to intercept them, but on second thought, he stopped himself.


Why not let them escape? Then I can finish them off together. Also, these people are his descendants, so I can use them later to threaten him. But these three rank four Gu Masters are strong enough to interfere with our battle later. I cannot let them stay, I shall kill them first!


The white-browed old man screeched strangely as he flicked his finger, sending three balls of light flying.


“What Gu is this?” The Xiong clan leader was first to be hit by the white ball. It transformed into a ring of light and surrounded him. His speed fell drastically, making him slower than a snail.


The other two clan leaders were the same.


Gu Yue Bo tried every method he had, but could not get rid of the ring of light. He turned to face the rank five Gu Master as he called back, “Fang Yuan, quickly, go! Gu Yue clansmen, listen up! You have to protect Fang Yuan at all costs! He’s the only one that knows the method!”


Fang Yuan turned around, looking deeply at the clan leader.


“Elder Fang Yuan, let us protect you!” A large number of Gu Yue clansmen gathered beside Fang Yuan, protecting him from all directions.


Those who had them used their Gu to heal Fang Yuan and to increase his speed.


The sounds of battle could be heard behind them. Under the mystery and cruelty of fate, these three clans leaders who hated each other now worked together with perfect cooperation, battling against the mysterious old man with their lives on the line.


The result of this battle was decided from the start.


The three clan leaders died one by one as the white-browed old man flicked his sleeves from his perch atop the huge crane. The birds engulfed the skies as they gradually forced their way into Gu Yue Village.


The streets were full of the cries of the dying.


Many bamboo buildings had fallen, and the ground was covered in debris and corpses with white cloths laid over them. The wounded cried out in pain as healing Gu Masters worked themselves to the bone.


The clan leader’s pavilion was half in ruins, and the village square was covered in an ankle-deep puddle of blood, horrifying anyone who looked at it.


Tie Xue Leng and the Gu Yue founder had caused the mountain to tremble with the ferocity of their battle. Gu Yue Village, sitting directly above them, had been greatly affected.


Gu Yue Yao Ji, who had remained in the village, received the injured remnants of the three clans.


“What is going on?” she shouted loudly.


Fang Yuan didn’t reply, because the flock of cranes behind him was the best explanation.


“This?!”


“Oh my god…”


“Is our Gu Yue Clan going to perish today?”


Immediately, the village fell into chaos once again.


“Senior Brother, your dear junior has come all this way to see you. Why aren’t you coming out to meet me?” the white-browed old man called out from the crane’s back, his tone full of icy killing intent.


Before he had even finished speaking, a ten-meter tall fountain of blood gushed out of the village square, revealing a bright red vertical coffin.


The Gu Yue founder stood inside, his blood-red eyes focused on the white-browed old man.


“To think that you didn’t die…how did you find this place? As expected, that Gu Master was sent here by you!” the founder said hatefully.


