Chapter 192: Breathtaking Eyebrows


“How did I find you? Hahaha!” the white-browed old man laughed. While his voice was full of joy, his gaze was ruthless. He opened his palm, revealing a Gu.


It was a Kinship Bloodworm.


It seemed to be made of bright red crystal, like agate. It was like a cicada, and it let out a soft glow that pointed towards the Gu Yue founder.


“Although you stole my opportunity and my Gu and backstabbed me, I still managed to learn some secrets. Thus, I refined this Kinship Bloodworm. Do you want to know how? Hehehe, using the heartsblood of your two sons!” the white-browed old man said smugly. “They were only five or six years old at the time, so I could only make them into blood bags and extract some every month. It took me decades, but I finally accumulated enough heartsblood to refine this Gu.


“Ah, and both your sons died soon after. Hahaha, after refining it, I used it to try and find you for many years. But the world is too big, and you were nowhere to be found. Even though the Kinship Bloodworm is rank five, its range is still limited. Eventually, when I was almost dying, I could only use my Jade Burial Gu to seal myself and preserve my remaining lifespan. Not long ago, I came out of the seal to try one last time. To think I found you by coincidence! Senior Brother, do you understand how happy I was at that time?!


“As for Tie Xue Leng, hehehe, I did indeed send him a letter to bring him here. He reminds me of our former relationship. How nostalgic. Back then, we were from the same sect, and we also chased down demonic cultivators. We were called the Righteous Twin Cranes, and we were unrivaled,” he said wistfully.


His expression had grown calm and his tone gentle, but as he continued, the killing intent in his eyes only grew deeper.


This white-browed old man came from the Central Continent. He was known as Lord Sky Crane.


Long ago, he had used a rank five Crane Enslavement Gu to dominate a myriad beast king and the ten thousand cranes it ruled, securing his rise to fame.


With an army like that, he could eliminate a village by himself.


Lord Sky Crane and the Gu Yue founder both came from the Central Continent’s Immortal Crane Sect. Hundreds of years ago, they were junior and senior brothers, closer than real brothers, and they killed many demonic Gu Masters as they worked in perfect harmony.


One day, when they chased after some demonic cultivators, they found an inheritance.


It was one of many set up by Blood Sea Ancestor. If it was an ordinary inheritance, they would not have turned on each other.


However, this inheritance was precious beyond words: it allowed one to rise to the heavens and become an immortal! The two brothers were moved.


Legend says that Blood Sea Ancestor left behind over a hundred thousand inheritances, spread throughout the world. But his real goal was to conceal a few true inheritances among them. These would contain his personal Gu worms, his true methods.


Thus, the sect brothers encountered a Blood Sea true inheritance.


Lord Sky Crane was quicker and took it. Corrupted by greed, the Gu Yue founder schemed against him and stole it, then attempted to kill his brother. He did not succeed, however, and Lord Sky Crane managed to escape.


Since his scheme had been exposed, the Gu Yue founder could only change his name and flee, so that he would not be found by his former sect. After many decades, he could not find a Lifespan Gu, so in the end, he came to Qing Mao Mountain in the Southern Border. He changed his appearance, called himself Gu Yue, and established Gu Yue Village.


Lord Sky Crane was furious that he could not find him. Meanwhile, the Immortal Crane Sect was very interested in the Blood Sea Inheritance, so they helped Lord Sky Crane to use a Jade Burial Gu to preserve the last of his lifespan.


The Jade Burial Gu, like the founder’s zombie transformation, was an unorthodox method to extend one’s life, used by those who had no other options.


Turning into a zombie was to die while still alive. The Jade Burial Gu, however, was like going into stasis, preserving life without extending it.


There was only one proper method to increase one’s lifespan in this world. Just as Fang Yuan did in his previous life, one would need to use a Lifespan Gu. Other methods had disadvantages and could only be used as a last resort.


“Senior Brother! You shameless, despicable scum! Back then, when you stabbed me in the back, did you expect retribution? Haha, the heavens did not let me down, for I finally found you. Today, not only will I exterminate your bloodline and destroy your thousand year scheme, but I will also take back my opportunity. I have waited far too long for this day!!”


Ending his reminiscence, Lord Sky Crane sighed loudly and gathered his killing intent.


But before he struck, the Gu Yue founder acted even faster!


Blood shot up out of the ground like a fountain, giving off a terrifying aura.


The stench of blood spread as tens of thousands of Blood Guillotine Gu flew out of the fountain.


Whoooosh.


The sound of wings flapping reached everyone’s ears as countless Bladewing Blood Bat Gu soared into the air, engulfing the sky as they tore into the flying birds.


The crane flock fell into chaos.


The Blood Guillotine Gu and Bladewing Blood Bats were much smaller than the iron beak flying cranes, granting them an advantage in mobility.


Lord Sky Crane was furious. He screamed, ordering the flying crane king he was riding to charge at the Gu Yue founder.


“Retreat!” a Gu Master shouted.


The wind howled. The myriad beast king was like a meteor about to strike, causing everyone there to feel fear.


But suddenly, a blood wave flew into the sky, and from it the Blood River Python emerged from hiding. It struck at the flying crane king’s long neck, even as it tried to coil around its body to drag it into the bloody pond.


Lord Sky Crane snorted. He knew about the Blood River Python, as well as its strengths and weaknesses. He had to separate it from sources of blood to stop its recovery.


He willed in his mind, and the flying crane king stretched out its steel claws, grabbing the Blood River Python. At the same time, it flapped its wings and soared into the sky.


After the battle with Tie Xue Leng, the Blood River Python was still covered in injuries, and its strength had greatly diminished. It couldn’t resist as the flying crane king carried it away, slowly leaving the village.


“Hand over your life!” Lord Sky Crane howled. He turned into a white flash of light, pouncing towards the Gu Yue founder in his red coffin.


The founder took a step out of the coffin, and with the sound of flesh twisting and bone cracking, a pair of formidable, jet-black wings grew out of his back.


Zombie Gu were a classic series of Gu worms, widely known and spread throughout the world. The rank two Roaming Zombie Gu, the rank three Hairy Zombie Gu, the rank four Hopping Zombie Gu, and lastly, the rank five Flying Zombie Gu. The Blood Wight Gu was one of the Flying Zombie Gu, so of course it could fly!


The Gu Yue founder’s eyes burned with rage as he opened his hands, revealing his demonic claws. He spread both wings and rushed into the sky, and with a boom, he collided with Lord Sky Crane.


Their strength was roughly equal, and after retreating some distance, they stabilized themselves and attacked once again.


Boom boom boom…


The two engaged in aerial combat, their bodies colliding constantly. The power of rank five was fully displayed, and the shockwaves caused many bamboo buildings to collapse.


After a while, the Gu Yue founder shouted as his body was covered in blood shadows. His attacks became several times more ruthless.


Lord Sky Crane’s eyes glowed with light that slashed out like a flying blade and pierced like an immortal sword, breaking the shadows one by one.


The Gu Yue founder breathed out bloody mist, and Lord Sky Crane formed a light barrier to block it.


After a while, Lord Sky Crane was slowly pushed back by the founder. After all, he was an old man at the end of his life, weakening with every passing moment.


“After hundreds of years, you did not improve one bit!” The founder laughed loudly in mockery.


“Goddamned scoundrel!” Lord Sky Crane cursed in rage. He hadn’t expected his senior brother to be so strong. The Blood Guillotine Gu and Bladewing Blood Bats were supposed to be his!


At that thought, he grew even more furious.


Hmph, it’s time to use my trump card! Lord Sky Crane snorted. He raised his eyebrows and they transformed.


The eyebrows grew frantically, becoming two long, bushy tendrils that were dozens of meters long. They writhed like snakes coming out their dens, coiling around the Gu Yue founder.


The founder slashed at them unceasingly with his claws, but to no avail. The eyebrow hair seemed fragile, but it was stronger than steel while still flexible as hair. Once he was restrained, it was like he was caught in the roots of an old tree.


“This is the Breathtaking Eyebrows Gu[1]!” the founder said in shock and fury. It was the first time his tone revealed emotions other than hatred or disdain.


The Breathtaking Eyebrows Gu was very unusual. It converted the primeval essence of the user — as well as anyone touching the eyebrows — into natural essence, dispersing it into the air. It was a kind of lose-lose situation.


By using this Gu, not only was the Gu Yue founder’s primeval essence rapidly expended, but so was Lord Sky Crane’s.


The Breathtaking Eyebrows Gu was like a bridge, connecting their apertures and expending their primeval essence. It was often used by high-ranking Gu Masters to bully the weak. Using it on someone stronger was suicidal.


But this situation was different.


Lord Sky Crane and the founder were both rank five peak stage, but the founder had become a zombie. His aperture was dead, and he could not naturally recover primeval essence. Although Lord Sky Crane was dying of old age and barely had any lifespan left, his aperture was still full of life, and he could still recover primeval essence. This Gu attacked the founder’s greatest weakness.


The Gu Yue founder desperately retreated, but the white eyebrows extended to keep hold of him, as though they were endless. At the same time, Lord Sky Crane stepped closer as well.


The founder howled, willing the Blood Guillotine Gu and Bladewing Blood Bats to return and cut the eyebrows. But they were unable to sever more than a few strands, which quickly repaired themselves.


His primeval essence continued to decrease. If this went on, the founder would definitely lose. But though he was forced to his wits’ end, he was a cunning man. He gritted his teeth and changed tactics, sending the Blood Guillotine Gu and Bladewing Blood Bats towards Lord Sky Crane.


The aged Gu Master had to focus to sustain the Breathtaking Eyebrows Gu, and he could only passively defend himself from their attacks using his light barrier.


The barrier began to waver, and Lord Sky Crane’s heart sank. The situation was not looking good for him.


Most likely, his shield would break before he depleted all of his senior brother’s primeval essence, and he would be killed!


* * *


[1]. Literally “Raise Eyebrows and Exhale Gu” (扬眉吐气蛊). The “Exhale” here refers to the word “qi” (气 – breath), a word often used vaguely for “energy” in eastern fiction. It is worth noting that “natural essence/primeval energy” is also called “primeval qi”.


