Chapter 1927: Asking Fang Yuan for Reinforcements


“What happened?”


“These are all historically famous experts from Northern Plains, they’ve actually been summoned here!”


The Heavenly Court Gu Immortals were all surprised.


Duke Long said in a deep voice: “Attention everyone, this is Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s time path killer move, call of the ancient. It can summon closely related Gu Immortals from the upstream of the River of Time to the present to fight for the user!”


“That’s interesting.” Flesh Whip Immortal licked her lips, her fighting spirit surging as she rushed up.


“Let me do it.” Zhang Fei Xiong transformed into a giant, together with Flesh Whip Immortal, they crashed into Calamity Luck Altar from the left and right.


But at this time, Calamity Luck Altar was already guarded.


Nu Er Bao Xiong roared wildly and used his immortal killer move, lightning balls flew everywhere, exploding fiercely.


For a moment, Flesh Whip Immortal and Zhang Fei Xiong were both blocked by the lightning balls, their attacks were thwarted.


Zhu Que Er squealed and used her movement killer move, drawing a bright and stunning red trail of light through the air and circling behind Calamity Luck Altar.


“Don’t even think about it.” A male immortal stepped out of the phantom River of Time to block Zhu Que Er.




He had a handsome face like jade, graceful and dashing, his gaze carried a faint smile, it was Dong Fang Yu.


Boom boom boom!


Zhu Que Er and Dong Fang Yu fought a fierce battle.


Immortal killer move — Sitting and Eating the Mountain Empty!


In the distance, Zhao Shan He and Yu Zhu Zi joined forces once again and successfully activated the killer move.


The killer move worked on Calamity Luck Altar with very little effect. Calamity Luck Altar was worthy of being created by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, its defense against food path was quite strong.


Ye Qiao Zi’s killer moves followed one after another. Wooden stakes were created out of thin air, forming a circle to trap Calamity Luck Altar.


Ye Qiao Zi grunted in a low tone again, and countless bright green vines grew from the wooden stakes, wrapping around Calamity Luck Altar and spreading upwards in an attempt to stain the phantom River of Time.


“It’s useless. This phantom River of Time cannot be attacked, only by defeating Calamity Luck Altar which is sustaining it can we put an end to this move.” Duke Long was about to make a move.


But another Heavenly Court Gu Immortal suddenly teleported towards the phantom River of Time.




This Gu Immortal resembled a child with black hair, he had a small cowlick on the top of his head, his face was round and cute. It was none other than Vortex Space Boy.


His aura surged as a huge vortex appeared above it had, it had an immense suction force that destroyed anything that got drawn into it.


But the phantom River of Time remained unmoved, completely unaffected.


Another newly appeared Northern Plains Gu Immortal had just walked out, he could not react in time before the vortex sucked him in.


“Hahaha, at least I had some gains.” Vortex Space Boy laughed as he exerted even more force.


Nian Er tribe’s expert was trapped inside — Nian Er Nong Fu.


He looked like an old farmer, his pants were rolled up, his legs were covered in mud, his back was hunched, wrinkles covered his face.


Trapped at this moment, he sighed: “Oh my, I’m going to die in battle as soon as I get out. Seriously? Of all the Northern Plains Gu Immortals, I’m the least proficient at fighting.”


The small face of Vortex Space Boy puffed up as he did his best to grind and crush Nian Er Nong Fu.


Nian Er Nong Fu was guarded by a pale yellow halo of light, it was thin but very strong, firmly resisting the crazy force of the spinning vortex.


Another Gu Immortal came out from the illusory River of Time, seeing that Nian Er Nong Fu was trapped, he was about to rescue him.


However, Heavenly Court Gu Immortal Zhou Xiong Xin also arrived in time to stop the man.


Ye Lui Kou also came out, his skin was dark and his eyes were like a falcon, scanning the battlefield, he suddenly found the weakest Gu Immortal in Heavenly Court, Qin Song.


Qin Song’s weakened state was hard to conceal.


Ye Lui Kou sneered and attacked Qin Song straight away.


“Your opponent is me.” A beautiful female immortal intercepted Ye Lui Kou while he was on his way.


Ye Lui Kou gazed at the female immortal, feeling a certain threat to his life: “Who are you?”


The female immortal smiled fawningly, but her words were murderous: “Your killer — Wan Zi Hong!”


As the two fought, golden light flashed and petals flew.


Figures flew in the sky or fought on the ground.


Intense explosions continued to resound, sparks were flying, bright lights were flashing.


Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal experts fought against Heavenly Court’s members.


Rumble!


Zhang Fei Xiong’s flesh was torn by Nu Er Bao Xiong’s explosions.


Crack crack crack!


Flesh Whip Immortal smacked Yuan Ben so hard that the white bone armor Yuan Ben was wearing got smashed to pieces, he was forced to retreat.


Nian Er Nong Fu was still resisting, while Vortex Space Boy was gritting his teeth, refusing to give up.


Surrounding the two who were deadlocked in battle, several Gu Immortals were also engaged in a fight.


The Gu Immortals were all beginning to suffer injuries, the air was filled with the thick smell of blood.


“Even though I used the killer move, call of the ancient, I am actually being pressured!” Bing Sai Chuan gritted his teeth, his heart growing heavier.


The trump card he had pinned his hopes on did not turn the tables around, it only saved him from defeat and deadlocked the situation.


In the previous life, Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals had awakened hastily from the immortal graveyard, and despite the emergency deployment of the Immortal Gu by Fairy Zi Wei, their battle strength was still crippled.


But this life was different, these Heavenly Court Gu Immortals had great battle strength and were in good condition, enough to fight with the strong Northern Plains and even suppress them. After all, there had been a lot of cooperation between the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals, while Northern Plains’ historically powerful experts had just been summoned, they had heard of each other at most, in their own lives, how could they have worked together?


“This can’t continue. The longer call of the ancient lasts, the more experts it will continue to summon into battle.” Fairy Zi Wei frowned, feeling both worried and glad.


Thankfully, she had placed priority on dealing with Longevity Heaven, this killer move was really troublesome. If they had used star cast earlier, the loss of Qin Song and the scattering of Heavenly Court’s experts would likely allow Longevity Heaven to succeed and rush out of the qi wall.


After all, there were few Gu Immortals left in Heavenly Court, and Yuan Qiong Du and the others had to preside over the refinement path Gu formation, the only main force that could block Calamity Luck Altar was Duke Long.


Duke Long gazed at the phantom River of Time for a while, before slowly withdrawing his gaze.


He sighed in his heart, he could not unravel this killer move, it was like how he could not deal with the ‘support of the future’ killer move that Red Lotus Demon Venerable used back then.


“If it can’t be broken directly, then all we need to do is to demolish Calamity Luck Altar.” Thinking of this, Duke Long slowly clenched his fists and stepped into the battlefield.


Ye Qiao Zi suddenly coughed blood, the killer move backlash caused him to suffer heavy injuries.


He had been cooperating with Duke Long to investigate and restrain Calamity Luck Altar. But how could the rank eight Immortal Gu House be so easily restrained?


Ye Qiao Zi had to retreat into the qi wall, while Calamity Luck Altar stirred, trying to break through the qi wall.


Duke Long silently approached Calamity Luck Altar.


“Block him!” Bing Sai Chuan ordered coldly.


He was someone from Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s generation, while most of the experts of Northern Plains were descendants of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, so they naturally listened to him.


Nu Er Bao Xiong was the first to strike, hundreds of lightning balls smashed towards Duke Long.


Boom boom boom!


With a series of deafening explosions, smoke and dust rose, Nu Er Bao Xiong laughed wildly: “Have you tasted my power yet? Hahaha… uh.”


A figure gradually walked out of the smoke and dust.


Duke Long’s face was indifferent, his body as straight as a spear, his violet-gold dragon scales still gleaming, leaving only a trace of ash at most.


Nu Er Bao Xiong was furious, he stared with glaring eyes, his aura soaring wildly: “Take this move from me again!”


He held his hands above his head and countless thunderbolts gathered into a huge deep blue lightning ball.


The surface of the lightning ball was lingering with electricity, but inside it was dark and deep, Nu Er Bao Xiong threw it like a meteor shooting towards Duke Long.


Duke Long was finally willing to avert his gaze, but only gave a glance at the lightning ball.


He waved his hand.


Rumble!


The air currents soared, forming a big hand, and with a slap on the back of his hand, the lightning ball was sent flying far away with ease.


Nu Er Bao Xiong’s powerful killer move was thus dealt with by Duke Long.


At the next moment, Yu Yang Zi, Liu Hui, and Liu Liu Liu attacked one after another, while Duke Long went straight to Calamity Luck Altar without looking at them.


Only by destroying Calamity Luck Altar would call of the ancient be stopped!


Boom!


Calamity Luck Altar was punched by Duke Long and sunk into the ground.


A fist crater appeared on the surface of the Immortal Gu House, a large number of Gu worms died in battle, even the Immortal Gu were damaged.


The killer moves of the Northern Plains experts seemed like a downpour of rain, drowning Duke Long.


But after the continuous bombardment, Duke Long was still standing, only a light layer of soot was added on his face.


“How is this possible?”


“How can this person be so strong!”


“He is Duke Long, the master of Red Lotus Demon Venerable!”


Someone identified Duke Long as the Gu Immortals of Northern Plains drew a sharp breath of cold air.


He was an old monster!


But at the next moment, the morale of the people of Northern Plains soared again. They had a brave nature, the stronger Duke Long was, the more excited they became.


“Kill! Kill! Kill!”


“Decapitate this old fellow!”


“Protect Calamity Luck Altar and break out of the qi wall.”


The Northern Plains Gu Immortals roared wildly, fighting to break out and setting off a flurry of attacks.


“These Northern Plains lunatics!”


“Hmph, brutish cavemen.”


The Heavenly Court Gu Immortals had to retreat and back off for a while.


Faced with the relentless spirit of Northern Plains’ Gu Immortals to fight to the death, Duke Long could not continue to ignore it this time.


He snorted lightly: “Annoying pests.”


As soon as his words fell, the aura around him changed.


Qi currents rushed and spread everywhere, while Duke Long’s body became firm like a mountain, his aura soared rapidly.


The killer move was prepared as Duke Long waved his hand.


Whoosh—!


Air was forcefully pushed aside, five grand qi waves flew forward overbearingly.


Everywhere they went, the killer moves of Northern Plains’ experts broke apart like paper, they could not stop the qi waves.


It was immortal killer move — Qi Current Scissors!


Duke Long extended his hand to the sky and pointed.


Immortal killer move — Qi Breath Mountain.


Rumble!


A huge translucent mountain created from qi currents descended and pressed down immediately.


The Northern Plains Gu Immortals wanted to escape, but several of them could not dodge, they were pushed down by the qi breath mountain as it crashed towards Calamity Luck Altar, turning into meat paste on the spot.


The entire mountain of qi currents pressed down on Calamity Luck Altar so hard that the ground was shaking violently.


Calamity Luck Altar was originally ready to attack, but now, it was immobilized.


Duke Long unleashed two moves in a row, the effect was immediate, he suppressed the entire battle.


Bing Sai Chuan’s expression was livid, his heart sank to rock bottom. He now realized that they could not break through the qi wall with their own strength alone! Ignoring the other Gu Immortals, just Duke Long alone was a mountain they could not pass.


It was not that Bing Sai Chuan had no other trump cards.


In the previous life, he asked Limitless to turn around, restraining Duke Long for a long time, he was unable to move entirely.


But in this life, Calamity Luck Altar was too far away from Imperfection Regret Pavilion, this method could not be used. In the previous life, Calamity Luck Altar reached Central Great Hall before asking for Limitless’ help.


“We can only ask Fang Yuan for help!” Bing Sai Chuan had a thought in his mind.




