Chapter 1928: Fang Yuan Takes Action


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had once told Bing Sai Chuan: If the plan to attack Heavenly Court fails, and Longevity Heaven loses all hope of getting fate Gu, they would need to ask the crucial person for reinforcement.


“Who is the crucial person?” Back then, Bing Sai Chuan asked this question.


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable then answered him: “Whoever destroys Eighty-Eight True Yang Building is the crucial person. When the time comes, you will definitely know.”


Longevity Heaven’s plan was to refine destiny Gu, they needed to snatch fate Gu first.


But unlike the previous life, Bing Sai Chuan had suffered a serious setback this time. He had no choice but to ask for help from Fang Yuan.


By the time he received the letter from Bing Sai Chuan, Fang Yuan was already in Central Continent, hiding inside a formation of the organization Defy.


This large formation was set up by Shadow Sect and left for Defy to use as a base camp. However, after the Battle of Yi Tian Mountain, Shadow Sect perished, Defy was uprooted by Fairy Zi Wei, resulting in this formation turning vacant.


In the previous life, Fang Yuan used this formation to successfully kill Zhou Xiong Xin. In this life, the situation had changed and Fang Yuan retreated early, not tangling with Zhou Xiong Xin too much in order to guard against the killer move people’s accusation. As a result, Zhou Xiong Xin survived and became a fierce member of the main force of Heavenly Court, while this formation in Defy was preserved.


“To think that Longevity Heaven would encounter such trouble.” Fang Yuan’s eyes flickered as he rapidly pondered.


He had been unaware of the situation in Heavenly Court now, this letter containing Bing Sai Chuan’s request for help described their precarious predicament in detail.


Compared to the previous life, Fang Yuan soon found the key to Longevity Heaven’s problem, they were relocated into the qi wall the moment they arrived.




“It should be because of Qin Ding Ling. With a luck path Gu Immortal like her, Heavenly Court could find out Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s arrangement in advance, they even managed to use this to ambush Longevity Heaven instead.” Fang Yuan understood.


“This is yet another change.”


“There is also call of the ancient… so it turns out that once Calamity Luck Altar activates it, it can teleport immediately. In the previous life, Bing Sai Chuan used this against Duke Long.”


Before getting this information, Fang Yuan had been wondering about Heavenly Court’s method to use star cast on a large scale, trying to find a way to break it.


How greatly Fairy Zi Wei valued it and did everything possible to preserve the method was how greatly Fang Yuan wanted to destroy it!


By now, Fang Yuan had deduced that this formation was in Heavenly Court, with the core being Star Constellation Chessboard and the countless stars scattered in the sky. The power of the formation was projected onto these stars, using them as the springboard to create a large scale star cast effect.


Fang Yuan did not deduce that Qin Song was the key figure.


In his previous life, Qin Song made a very brief appearance and died after escorting the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals to Hidden Dragon Cave.


Later, the Eastern Sea Gu Immortals did not inform Fang Yuan of this information.


Lacking this crucial clue, Fang Yuan’s deduction had hit an impasse.




But now he had become somewhat aware of it.


“According to the information conveyed by Bing Sai Chuan, although Fairy Zi Wei did not participate in the siege, she also appeared outside the qi wall to observe the battle. That’s a bit strange, this massive use of star cast should exert all her effort, yet she’s still able to distract herself.”


“Someone is helping her!”


“Who is that? Is there another wisdom path great expert? Or did others cooperate to create a successful large scale use of star cast?”


Fang Yuan quickly threw away this train of thought.


Now was not the time to contemplate this question, he had to make a decision as soon as possible!


As a wisdom path Gu Immortal, Fang Yuan was now like a chess player who was playing against Fairy Zi Wei.


Both sides had their own chess pieces.


Fairy Zi Wei was clearly a number of pieces ahead, not only in her own wisdom path attainment, but also Heavenly Court’s unity, and in the current situation, she had a distinct advantage.


Fang Yuan had a seemingly huge force at his disposal, but in reality, they were fighting on their own, he could only exert influence and push his agenda on the people of the four regions subtly.


Although his subordinates were numerous and far surpassed the previous life, few were qualified to participate in a battle of such a level.


Fang Yuan fully considered the entire Central Continent battlefield once again.


In Infallible blessed land, the Southern Border Gu Immortals entered the battlefield and fought, breaking formations one after another, but this was not a concern for the nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation, there were endless sub-formations.


In the battlefield of Hidden Dragon Cave, the Eastern Sea immortals were trapped in a large formation and were struggling to break it. However, it was clear that Old Man Bei Feng could still hold on for a while longer.


As for Emperor City’s battlefield, the Western Desert Gu Immortals were still on their way, their morale was low too.


In Heavenly Court’s battlefield, Longevity Heaven was completely at a disadvantage, and since they were ambushed by Heavenly Court, they had completely lost the initiative.


“Of the four main battlefields, the most important is still Heavenly Court’s battlefield. Fate Gu is in Heavenly Court, if we want to win this battle, we must destroy fate Gu.” Fang Yuan thought, just like Fairy Zi Wei’s analysis, both sides knew where the most important place was.


“That being the case, we cannot lose in Heavenly Court! Longevity Heaven’s performance is so disappointing, I was hoping that they would cause problems for Heavenly Court and trigger Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable’s painting path methods first.”


Fang Yuan knew that he had to support Bing Sai Chuan even though he had deceived Fang Yuan for his own interests in the previous life, and also in this current life. For the sake of the entire situation, Fang Yuan had to provide support.


Heavenly Court battlefield.


Immortal killer move — Chaotic Dragon Fist!


Steel fists shook Calamity Luck Altar, the force of the punch caused tremors as countless Gu worms perished instantly.


Within Calamity Luck Altar, Mao Li Qiu shouted: “Let me out! Let me hold him back.”


Bing Sai Chuan had a cold expression and shook his head: “No, you are no match for him. You’ll be courting death if you go. You’re not like the others, Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals will target you.”


Duke Long ignored Northern Plains’ generations of experts, he let the other Heavenly Court members deal with them.


Heavenly Court knew clearly that they could only stop call of the ancient by destroying Calamity Luck Altar.


But once Mao Li Qiu entered battle, it would be different. It was a fierce general of Longevity Heaven, it had great strength and killing Mao Li Qiu would greatly weaken Longevity Heaven, he would definitely take action.


Immortal killer move — World Shaking Dragon Hammer!


Duke Long shouted, he raised his fists above his head and smashed down like a giant hammer.


The surface of Calamity Luck Altar shattered, a huge amount of Gu worms died, their carcasses flying everywhere. A large hole was smashed open on the surface of Calamity Luck Altar, it was only the size of a finger but the inside could be seen!


Duke Long roared: “Longevity Heaven, only defeat awaits you. This outcome was already predetermined from the moment you tried to attack Heavenly Court.”


Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals cheered, their morale climbing to its peak.


“The might of Duke Long is overwhelming!” Bing Sai Chuan sighed long and hard, feeling a sense of powerlessness.


“Why hasn’t Fang Yuan come to support us?” Five Elements Grandmaster called out, inevitably revealing a sense of trepidation.


“As far as I know, Fang Yuan is only rank seven, even if he repeatedly defeated Heavenly Court, he was only taking advantage of the River of Time. If he comes to support us, will he really be able to change the battle situation? Even if he brings out Myriad Year Flying Warship, the other side has Duke Long.” Bull Demon spoke, expressing doubt.


Indeed, as of now, it would be difficult to resist Duke Long with just two rank eight Immortal Gu Houses.


Duke Long’s battle strength was too astounding!


What was even more unbelievable to them was that with every passing moment, Duke Long grew stronger endlessly.


This was unreasonable!


Mao Li Qiu snorted: “That lad took Reverse Flow River in front of my very eyes, at least with that killer move alone, even if he’s only rank seven, he can resist Duke Long and take the pressure off us.”


“Fang Yuan will definitely support us.” Bing Sai Chuan smiled: “I don’t know much about him, but I believe in Lord Giant Sun Immortal Venerable!”


Just as this was said, the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals actually began to retreat.


They had the qi wall to rely on, thus retreating quite smoothly.


Soon, only Duke Long was left on the scene.


In the meantime, Zi Wei Fairy dispatched urgently: “Quick, we must send support quickly. The nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation in Infallible blessed land is about to collapse! Hidden Dragon Cave’s formation is also facing destruction!”


Zhou Xiong Xin and the others were shocked as someone asked: “How could the situation change for the worse so quickly?”


Fairy Zi Wei said: “Fang Yuan is making a move.”


“Oh? Even so, the unceasing formation won’t collapse so swiftly!”


“He showed up in person?”


“Let’s take him out! We will kill this source of chaos for the sake of the world!”


The Heavenly Court Gu Immortals were all excited.


Previously, Fang Yuan had repeatedly defeated Heavenly Court, causing many of the Gu Immortals to become angry. After Fang Yuan relied on his knowledge to extend his advantage in the River of Time, Heavenly Court lost the lead and failed miserably during the battle of the stone lotus island, suffering huge losses.


Now that the Central Continent Refinement Path Convention was held, Fang Yuan had to attack. The battlefield was placed in Central Continent, the Gu Immortals were eager to see how much territorial advantage Fang Yuan could exploit this time!


But Fairy Zi Wei shook her head slightly: “Fang Yuan has not shown himself, I’m afraid the ones outside are only his subordinates.”


The Heavenly Court Gu Immortals were stunned.


Mere subordinates could cause the two immortal formations to break apart?


Fairy Zi Wei explained: “In Hidden Dragon Cave, Immortal Gu House Dragon Palace appeared, they used a large number of dream realms to erode the formation.”


The truth dawned on the immortals, they had an understanding of Fang Yuan’s dream realm methods.


They had already expected this, dream path was an era ahead, it was only natural that the formation would be broken.


“But we have Feng Jin Huang guarding the nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation. Although she’s only a rank five Gu Master, she can use the power of the immortal formation to unleash the dream path killer move shatter dream, and transform dream realms into Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies.” Zhou Xiong Xin expressed his confusion.


Fairy Zi Wei said in a complex tone: “That’s because he did not use dream path methods against the nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation, but rule path instead.”


“Rule path?!” Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals gasped in amazement once again.


“Rule path?” Within the Infallible blessed land battlefield, the Southern Alliance immortals looked at the formation in front of them with great surprise.


They had broken several formations in a row, but they had learned from Fang Yuan that this was the nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation, while they were feeling annoyed and troubled, this nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation broke apart on its own.


When they exited the formation, the Southern Alliance immortals saw a large formation suspended high in the sky, constantly emitting a five-colored smoke miasma.


The smoke miasma infiltrated the nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation, forcing Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals to dismantle the sub-formations on their own.


“These are reinforcements of Fang Yuan, this formation was created by Southern Border Gu Immortal Tao Zhu, it is called the five regional limit formation, it can emit a smoke miasma and create a formation similar to the environment of the five regions’ regional walls.” Wu Yong received a letter from Fang Yuan at this time and explained with a rather complicated expression.




