Chapter 193: The Divine Investigator’s Last Move


Lord Sky Crane’s face turned malevolent and his eyes glinted with ominous light as he suddenly threw down a rain of feather arrows.

But they were not thrown at the Gu Yue founder. He had already become a Blood Wight, and possessed astounding natural defenses that would be difficult to breach.

Instead, they fell upon countless Gu Masters, piercing through them and killing them instantly!

At the same time, beams of white light burst out from Lord Sky Crane’s eyes. They swept through the village, and wherever they went, bamboo buildings collapsed and cobblestones disintegrated. Every Gu Master that they touched melted like snow under sunlight.

When a rank five Gu Master acted, they could slaughter countless people with every move.

Shouts of misery, screams, and cries of despair rang out across the battlefield like a twisted song.

A feather arrow flew towards Fang Yuan, but he casually grabbed someone standing at his side and threw him into the arrow’s path. The feather arrow embedded itself in the poor man’s head. Fang Yuan then rolled, dodging the claws of an iron beak flying crane.

There was very little that a rank three could do against a rank five. Even Bai Ning Bing was forced to passively dodge at the moment. Every time he was injured, his Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique would heal him, but it also brought him closer to death.

Rank five Gu Masters were already at the peak of the mortal world.

“Stop!” the Gu Yue founder shouted. As he watched the slaughter of his descendants, his heart felt like it was bleeding.

He had established the village and spread his bloodline as part of a great scheme; it was not simply to hide his identity. These clansmen were the fruits of centuries of planning. But now, as Lord Sky Crane butchered them, it was like the old man was spilling centuries of the founder’s heartsblood.

The Gu Yue founder could only give up on Lord Sky Crane. He ordered the Bladewing Blood Bats and Blood Guillotine Gu to fly towards the village, defending it against his junior brother’s attacks.

Lord Sky Crane laughed loudly. Blood Sea Inheritances were focused on attack, not defense. By doing this, the founder was sacrificing his advantages and using his weakness to do battle.

Lord Sky Crane understood his senior brother very well and knew his scheme. That was why he had let the Gu Yue clansmen retreat to the village earlier rather than slaughtering them outright: to make use of them at an appropriate moment. And sure enough, he managed to escape from a perilous situation by exploiting them.

“Not good!”

As the deadlock continued, the Gu Yue founder suddenly shouted. Shadowy iron chains had suddenly appeared around his entire body.

In an instant, they transformed from illusionary to real, coiling around him like snakes and binding his hands and feet.

A paper talisman also gradually appeared, planting itself right between his eyes.

Bang.

Bound as he was by the iron chains, he could no longer flap his wings, and he smashed into the ground.

This unexpected scene not only shocked the Gu Yue founder, even Lord Sky Crane was dumbstruck for a moment. Then he began to laugh madly. “So these are the Demon Suppression Iron Chain Gu and the Problem Nipped in the Bud Gu[1]. Hahaha, I guess the so-called Divine Investigator was good for something after all. My good senior brother, you are sure to die today!”

These two great Gu were both signature Gu worms of the Tie Clan.

The Demon Suppression Iron Chain Gu could restrict a Gu Master’s movement, leaving them vulnerable. The Problem Nipped in the Bud Gu was able to extract Gu worms from the Gu Master’s body and aperture and seal them away.

Countless demonic path Gu Masters had fallen prey to these two Gu, and now Tie Xue Leng had used them on the Gu Yue founder.

When did this happen?! The founder was both startled and furious. He thought back to Tie Xue Leng’s final moments.

The copper mask had flown away, revealing his square face.

Although his death was certain, there had been no fear in him. His eyes had shone with the vicissitudes of time and deep resolve as his bloody palm had struck lightly against the Gu Yue founder’s chest.

It was such a weak blow that the founder had completely ignored it at the time.

So it was then! Damn it, I would have already sensed it if I had a living body, but this dead body, strong though it is, has dulled senses, he thought in regret.

There were many shortcomings to becoming a Blood Wight. By the laws of heaven and earth, he should have long used up his lifespan and died, but he lived on in defiance of those laws. How could there be no price to pay?

“Hahaha!” Lord Sky Crane’s aura grew with his laughter, and he charged towards the Gu Yue founder.

The founder could only try to resist. Naturally, he fell into an absolute disadvantage.

The Demon Suppression Iron Chain Gu not only bound his whole body, but also a phantom image of it appeared within his aperture, sealing it.

His primeval sea boiled, and his many Gu worms flew around, resisting the suppression of the iron chains.

The Gu Yue founder’s primeval essence expenditure skyrocketed.

“Your defeat is certain, accept your death!” Lord Sky Crane attacked in a frenzy, as though he had gone mad.

The founder’s head was riddled with injuries, and the pale bones of his ribs were exposed. His arms fell to the ground, severed from his shoulders by the onslaught.

Just when it seemed like Lord Sky Crane was going to kill him, the founder suddenly opened his mouth and let out an unearthly cry.

“Yannngggg—!”

The ear-piercing sound waves were directed at Lord Sky Crane and struck him in an instant.

When Lord Sky Crane heard the sound, he felt as though he had just met with an enormous attack. He flew dozens of meters away, his white eyebrows pulling taut. After that, he rapidly fell to the ground.

Blood started flowing out of his eyes, nose, ears, and mouth. The lingering sound was causing chaos inside his body, making his blood flow in reverse. For the moment, he couldn’t move at all.

Seeing this chance, many Gu Masters threw moonblades, water bullets, and so on at his prone body, but they were all blocked by the light barrier that still covered him.

Countless flying cranes swarmed the Gu Yue founder, but their beaks broke and claws shattered as they struck his undead body.

A rank five Gu’s defense was no small thing. Even if Fang Yuan used his Chainsaw Golden Centipede to saw at the Blood Wight’s body for some time, he still might not be able to cut off even a fragment of it.

Right now, in this battle, only the two rank five Gu Masters could threaten each other.

Although they were both in a very bad state, as long as their primeval essence held, everyone else could only look on helplessly.

Lord Sky Crane saw that the cranes were unable to accomplish anything. The flying crane king was fighting the Blood River Python far in the distance. As for himself, he was unable to move, save for his eyes, due to the Gu that had thrown his blood into conflict with his body. He concentrated his mind on the Breathtaking Eyebrows Gu, greatly accelerating its primeval essence consumption.

The Gu Yue founder was on the verge of death!

His primeval sea was falling rapidly. Once it was completely used up, his Gu worms would no longer be able to resist the Demon Suppression Iron Chain Gu. Once that happened, the Problem Nipped in the Bud Gu would start extracting his Gu worms and sealing them. That would truly be the end!

“Quick, lend me a hand! Grab the eyebrows and activate your primeval essence!” the founder shouted in panic.

“Let’s help!”

“Help the first ancestor!!”

“Let’s go.”

A large group of Gu Masters stepped up to help. It was not just Gu Yue clansmen, but even some from the Bai and Xiong clans.

Even the founder could not cut the eyebrows apart, so there was no way that any of these Gu Masters could do so. They could only do as he said, grabbing the white eyebrows.

They had just touched the bushy white hair when strands split off from it and coiled around their wrists, their arms, and then finally extended to their bodies.

“Ahh!” Miserable shrieks echoed in succession.

How could a rank two Gu Master’s primeval essence fight against that of a rank five? In a few moments, their primeval essence was completely consumed and their apertures dried up. Cracks started to spread along the aperture walls, and finally they crumbled and collapsed.

The aperture was the most vital part of a human body, even more important than the heart. Once it shattered, the Gu Masters’ eyes rolled up as they instantly died.

“Fuck!” the founder cursed. The iron chains binding him were tightening, piercing into his flesh. His bones began to creak.

With Tie Xue Leng’s death, the Demon Suppression Iron Chain Gu couldn’t get primeval essence from its Gu Master and shouldn’t have been able to activate. However, it had been infected by a Blood Frenzy Gu, and thus it could absorb the natural essence in the air. Since it had belonged to Tie Xue Leng, it still contained his will to subdue the Gu Yue founder.

The founder’s primeval essence was depleting quickly, and he would not be able to bear it much longer.

The Gu Masters that were rushing over to provide assistance saw this, and couldn’t help but slow down.

“What are you afraid of? If the founder loses, we will also die! Are you hoping that you will be spared?” Fang Yuan shouted. He hurried up to the founder and grabbed the white eyebrows.

The Thousand Li Earthwolf Spider had already died, and the enemy had flying cranes that had the advantage in mobility and could easily pursue him. There was no hope for him if he tried to escape alone.

On the contrary, if he helped the Gu Yue founder, and the two sides fought to the death, he might be able to reap some benefits.

The white eyebrows locked firmly around Fang Yuan’s wrists, then creeped up his arms like vines towards his waist. The snow silver primeval essence in his aperture was rapidly consumed, but Fang Yuan clenched his teeth and persevered.

His actions served as an example. Other Gu Masters were spurred on and rushed forth in succession.

“Let’s do this together, we might have a chance at life!”

“That’s right, there is strength in numbers!!”

“What else can we do? We can only stake our lives.”

Countless hands touched the white eyebrows. Gu Masters kept on dying, and others stepped up to fill the gaps.

“Hahaha, fighting against a rank five, how brilliant and interesting!” Bai Ning Bing also stepped forward.

“Life or death will be decided by this.” A Xiong clan elder similarly stood up.

Fang Zheng was nowhere to be seen. He was lost in the wilderness and hadn’t come back to the village. Whether he lived or had died, no one could be sure, but everything boded ill for him.

Time seemed to slow to a crawl.

Gu Masters continued to die. Some of them directly attacked Lord Sky Crane, but the white barrier around him stood as steady as Mt. Tai.

Only rank three Gu Masters could hold their ground in the battle of primeval essence consumption.

Many Gu Masters began to lose their nerve, and they hesitated.

It was a deadlock. Lord Sky Crane smiled grimly and said, “My victory is certain! You will all die!”

There was too big a gap between rank three and rank five. Someone with rank four cultivation would have been able to affect the situation, but the three clan leaders had already been killed by Lord Sky Crane.

The Gu Yue founder was bound by the iron chains and coiling white eyebrows. The Problem Nipped in the Bud Gu on his forehead was swaying. There was already very little primeval essence left in his aperture.

Suddenly, the Problem Nipped in the Bud Gu glowed faintly, drawing a ball of yellow light out of the founder’s aperture.

It was bigger than a fist but smaller than a washbasin. It slowly floated down to the ground, the light vanishing and leaving only a faint yellow glimmer.

Left there on the ground was a Gu that seemed to be a child’s skull made of crystal. It was small enough to be held in one’s hand, and it was covered in blood-red streaks.

“Blood Skull Gu! After hundreds of years, I finally get to see you again!” Lord Sky Crane wept tears of joy as he watched.

* * *

[1]. Problem Nipped in the Bud Gu (符底抽薪蛊) – seems to be a reference to the nineteenth of the Thirty-Six Stratagems, which is “釜底抽薪”, but the first character has been changed to 符, referencing the talismans used to seal Jiangshi.

