Chapter 194: Blood Curtain Skyflower


The Gu Yue founder clenched his bloody fangs so hard that his teeth cracked, but he couldn’t budge, much less struggle.

Suddenly, another ball of light was captured by the yellow talisman and it fell to the ground, turning into an alternating black and white Taiji[1] light sphere.

Two peculiar Gu worms were circling and chasing each other within this light sphere. As they continued to rotate, they seemed to carry a trace of the Great Dao[2], shocking the onlooking Gu Masters.

“What Gu is this?” Bai Ning Bing and many others were bewildered.

It’s actually rank four… Fang Yuan’s eyes narrowed in concentration.

“Yin Yang Rotation Gu!!” Lord Sky Crane screamed, his face clearly revealing his shock. He remained stunned for a moment, then he raised his head and laughed. “My good senior brother, I truly have to thank you for finding such a good Gu. Hahaha, you actually wanted to turn back into a human, but what a pity! I have destroyed your plan!”

The Gu Yue founder anxiously twisted and snarled; in that moment he seemed to have lost all trace of humanity. Both the Blood Skull Gu and the Yin Yang Rotation Gu were crucial to his millennia-long plan. Now, they were both sealed and extracted. His painstaking schemes seemed to have gone up in smoke.

Lord Sky Crane’s smile became even more jubilant. His desire for vengeance was fully satisfied by the expression on his senior brother’s face.

Another ball of light appeared and fell to the ground. This one resembled a translucent sphere of blood.

Once he saw it, the Gu Yue founder suddenly stopped struggling; he was overjoyed. He opened his bloody mouth, revealing his fangs, and he shouted, “Quick, destroy this Gu worm!”

Several Gu Masters immediately moved forward and attacked it.

This Gu had been sealed by Problem Nipped in the Bud Gu, stopping the founder from activating it with his thoughts. The faint glimmer of yellow light that still remained on its surface was an imprint. It could only be unsealed by Tie Xue Leng or by using some special Gu worms.

However, this Gu was expendable, and had a special activation condition: it had to be destroyed to be used.

The faint yellow glimmer around the Gu was only a seal, and had no defensive powers. After a few Gu Masters attacked it, the sealed Gu worm was destroyed.

Buzz!

With a soft hum, a blood-red light bloomed. It suddenly expanded, turning into a spherical shield bubble in moments.

The founder was within the shield, while Lord Sky Crane was left outside.

The blood red shield’s range was six mu[3]. Bai Ning Bing, Fang Yuan, and many others from all three clans were within it, while the rest of the Bai and Xiong clansmen were left outside.

The most encouraging part was that the white eyebrows were instantly severed by the shield. As the hair disintegrated, Fang Yuan and the others recovered control of their bodies.

The aura of this shield is rank five, but why does it resemble the Water Curtain Skyflower Gu? Fang Yuan was bewildered; he had never seen this Gu before.

Lord Sky Crane staggered to his feet on the other side of the bubble. He laughed coldly and said, “Senior Brother, what a good move! You actually managed to break my Breathtaking Eyebrows Gu. It’s a pity such a trifling defense won’t work against me. You are just prolonging your imminent defeat!”

The founder chuckled. “Junior Brother, how about testing it yourself?”

“That’s my intention!” Killing intent flashed in Lord Sky Crane’s eyes. Countless flying cranes and feather arrows shot toward the shield bubble, and white beams of light once again sprang from his eyes.

However, the bloody barrier was unshakeable.

Lord Sky Crane’s face turned grim. “What Gu is this?”

The founder threw back his head and laughed. “Let me teach you! This is a Gu I personally refined: the Blood Curtain Skyflower. The Water Curtain Skyflower, which is rank four, can block the attacks of rank five Gu. This Gu is rank five, and has even more powerful defenses. The Water Curtain Skyflower Gu also prevents its user from going in and out, but this Blood Curtain Skyflower Gu lets me leave. Junior Brother, don’t be impatient, keep on attacking and use all your strength. Just wait till I recover, then I’ll come out and cut off your dog head! Hahahaha!”

“You thief, keep on boasting!” Lord Sky Crane was livid. Everything had been in his grasp moments ago, but to think his senior brother was able to recover some ground and put them in a deadlock once again.

He attacked in a frenzy, slaughtering all the Gu Masters outside the shield.

However, inside the Blood Curtain Skyflower Gu, all was calm and quiet. The bloody bubble shield was as stable as Mt. Tai, and the Gu Masters inside were relieved.

“Our founder is indeed an unrivalled hero!”

“We are finally saved. The founder will show his divine might and that old man will definitely be defeated.”

“Is this the strength of rank five Gu Master? I’m actually still alive!”

The Gu Masters cheered and shouted.

In contrast, Bai Ning Bing snorted. His death was certain due to his physique, but a deadlock would decrease its splendor, and he was not happy about it.

Lord Sky Crane continued to attack for a long while without results. But suddenly, he stopped, as if he had woken up.

His senior brother’s words were meant to incite him to waste his primeval essence. He guessed that the Blood Curtain Skyflower Gu had a similar effect as the Water Curtain Skyflower Gu. It was extremely costly to refine, and was expended after one use, but it had high defense, albeit with a set duration. It would automatically dissipate after a certain amount of time.

At this thought, Lord Sky Crane sat cross-legged. He pulled out two primeval stones and started to recover his primeval essence.

“Lend me a hand! You will only have a chance at life by helping me. Primeval stones, I need your primeval stones!” the founder shouted. The surrounding Gu Masters immediately took out primeval stones and piled them up around him.

The founder opened his bloody mouth wide and breathed in deeply, sucking the primeval stones into his mouth.

He began chewing them, the stones cracking under his teeth, and large amounts of natural primeval essence poured into his aperture.

Lord Sky Crane became anxious at this sight. He shouted, “Don’t give them to him, you morons! Once he recovers, he will kill you all and use your blood to improve his aptitude. You are causing your own doom!”

“Hmph, using such a low level tactic to sow distrust, so ridiculous!”

“Quick, this old thief is telling us not to help him, so we need to give even more primeval stones.”

“Everything depends on our Lord Ancestor!”

The Gu Masters generously offered their primeval stones, and soon, great quantities of them had entered the founder’s mouth. Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing watched indifferently from the side.

A normal person’s body wouldn’t be able to endure such a vast quantity of primeval essence all at once, but the founder’s undead body was strong. His primeval sea began to rise rapidly.

The Demon Suppression Iron Chain Gu was becoming weaker, and after a while, it turned into a pool of blood.

With the bindings gone, the Gu Yue founder let out a roar as he activated his Blood Wight vital Gu. Great quantities of blood from the surroundings were sucked into his body, and in moments, his powerful arms grew back again, his clawed fingers sharp as knives.

He gave a hearty laugh then stood up.

At that exact moment, the Problem Nipped in the Bud Gu on his forehead also turned into a pool of blood and completely dissipated.

“It seems the heavens do not want me dead!” the founder threw his head back and laughed.

“Lord Founder, we ask you to behead this old thief!”

“Once Lord Ancestor makes his move, he will definitely succeed.”

The group of Gu Masters was elated.

The founder’s laughter gradually stopped. Fire burned in his eyes as he spoke unhurriedly. “I will, of course, kill my enemy. But before that, I still have something I need to do.”

Not good. Fang Yuan’s heart jumped when he heard the founder’s tone of voice, and he discreetly moved towards the outer edge of the group.

The people beside him were puzzled by this, but they were still filled with fighting spirit. “We are not sure what you have to do, Lord Ancestor, but we will serve to the best of our abilities!”

The Gu Yue founder cackled. “Haha, the thing I need to do is take your lives!”

“What?!” The crowd turned pale with shock.

The founder, however, didn’t hesitate.

One of his claws immediately pierced through a nearby rank three Gu Master. When he pulled back his hand, it held a still-beating heart.

This Gu Master was a Gu Yue clansman, and his expression was one of disbelief. He let out a scream as blood spurted out of his chest like a fountain. He fell to the ground, his head facing the sky.

“Good blood, it can’t be wasted!” the Gu Yue founder exclaimed. At his will, the Blood Skull Gu flew up and circled the Gu Master’s body.

The corpse twitched, and all the blood in it was extracted by the Blood Skull Gu, drawn into its empty eye sockets.

After the Blood Skull Gu had drunk its fill, the streaks of blood that covered it turned even brighter.

“Founder, you?!” someone cried out as the surrounding Gu Masters retreated.

“Noisy!” The founder’s figure flashed as he appeared in front of the speaker, slicing him in two with his claws. Blood spurted out and was absorbed by the Blood Skull Gu.

“Founder, you ungrateful beast, if not for our primeval stones, how could you have any fighting strength left?!”

“The founder is a terrible man. Everyone, let’s attack together and kill him!”

“That’s right, there is power in numbers…ahh!”

A bloody massacre unfolded. The founder was at rank five peak stage and he had completely recovered his primeval essence. These Gu Masters were only rank three at best, so how could they be his match?

The Blood Curtain Skyflower separated the inside of the bubble from the outside world. Only its master, the founder, could go out. But once he exited, he couldn’t enter again. He would have to destroy the Blood Curtain Skyflower or wait for it to dissipate.

As the Gu Masters could not escape, they tried to fight, but they were slaughtered.

He ignored everyone from the Bai and Xiong clans, killing every Gu Yue clansman he found and using the Blood Skull Gu to absorb their blood. After killing a few hundred, the crystal skull was glistening red. It had reached the limit of what it could absorb.

The Gu Yue founder laughed loudly as the Blood Skull came towards him and floated above his head.

“This day, this moment, my centuries of arduous planning have finally come to fruition!” He let out a long sigh of relief. At that moment, the Blood Skull Gu opened its tightly shut mouth, and a waterfall of blood poured out.

The red tide did not have the stench of blood, but instead let out a sweet, relaxing fragrance.

The founder was drenched by the waterfall. However, the strange thing was that not even a drop of blood touched the ground. All of it stuck to his body, seeping inside him and finally reaching his aperture.

The Gu Yue founder stood, motionless and silent, his head down as he appreciated this moment. Suddenly, he burst out with crazed laughter as he spoke, “Hahahaha, my aptitude has advanced, my aptitude has really advanced!”

The rest of the Gu Masters trembled.

Outside the blood bubble, Lord Sky Crane pointed at the founder and furiously shouted, “Return my Blood Skull Gu!”

* * *

[1]. A philosophical concept represented by the classic yin-yang circle diagram.

[2]. A concept in Chinese philosophy that comes up repeatedly in Chinese fantasy. It is difficult to summarize all of its meanings, which can even change from novel to novel, but it can be thought of as deeply related to the laws of the universe and their profundity, whether it’s the laws themselves (which is the meaning used here), or the comprehension of them, or the whole of the universe itself. It can also refer to a person’s path in life, their fundamental goal. In that sense, Fang Yuan’s dao is eternal life.

[3]. ~4000 m2

