Chapter 1942: Destiny Song


Hairy Foot Mountain battlefield.


Only a small portion of the five colored smoke remained, Di Zang Sheng roared as it used its mighty strength to tear the formation. Its mountain range-sized body was still charging forward.


“Stop it!”


“Another sub-formation has been broken!”


“How many sub-formations do we still have?”


“Only one is left!”


“Quickly construct the sub-formations!”


“We can’t, its destructive force is too great, we won’t make it in time!”


The nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation was in chaos. Many Central Continent Gu Immortals were stationed here but got restricted by the five colored smoke, be it controlling the formation or constructing sub-formations, they had to face backlashes. The more powerful the person and the more strength they used, the stronger the backlash would be.


Di Zang Sheng was extremely powerful, it could break the sub-formations so quickly with just its physical strength!


And it was constantly becoming stronger.




The five regions’ regional walls grew increasingly fragile, the earth veins of the five regions were gradually merging into one, the Earth Trench that spread to Emperor City was huge evidence. Earth Trenches had already spread to the central region of Central Continent, this meant that the merging of earth veins had reached the highest point.


Be it the other four regions or Central Continent, the rapid spread of new Earth Trenches led to countless tragedies and deaths, human emotions were surging.


Di Zang Sheng was different from other legendary immemorial beasts, it was born from the power of earth veins fused with the negative emotions of humans.


Right now, Central Continent’s earth vein expanded to become the five regions’ earth vein, Di Zang Sheng’s strength rose to five times of before. Negative emotions were also increasing wildly in the humans of all regions, Di Zang Sheng’s strength was further soaring because of this!


Duke Long was growing stronger continuously because of heavenly dragon’s last stand.


And Di Zang Sheng’s strength was growing at an even more horrifying speed than Duke Long’s. As such, even though Heavenly Court’s main force was here, using all their abilities and staking their lives, they were unable to stop Di Zang Sheng’s charge.


Heavenly Court’s main force was furious.


“We can’t let it move forward.”


“We must stop it even if we die!”


“Damned Evil Dragon.”




“Get out of my way, let me stop it!” Zhang Fei Xiong suddenly roared, becoming a giant with a bear head and human body. He attacked with no fear of death.


Bam.


A muffled sound echoed, he was directly crushed into meat paste, dying on the spot.


This rank eight transformation path great expert could only obstruct Di Zang Sheng for a brief moment.


“Zhang Fei Xiong…” The eyes of Heavenly Court’s immortals were filled with tears.


At the crucial moment, the Heavenly Court members showed no hesitation towards sacrificing themselves!


“Let me.” At the next moment, Flesh Whip Immortal went forward. She transformed into an immemorial walking meat tree, which was her strongest form.


Bam.


Another muffled sound echoed, Flesh Whip Immortal was smashed to pieces, her blood splashing everywhere.


“Flesh Whip Immortal!” The group of immortals cried out.


When she was needed, she charged ahead without any regard for herself. A grand rank eight, a genius of her generation, could only stall it for a breath of time.


Even the Southern Border immortals were visibly moved.


What was urging them to do so?


Seemingly… Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals had all been like this since ancient times.


Their spirit had never waned, it had instead been fostered and enhanced.


Heavenly Court had never lacked brave members!


Primordial Origin might have passed away, but his spirit did not!


“Unfortunately, your efforts are futile.” At Wu Shuai’s will, countless clones flew out of Dragon Palace.


They were Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies!


These dream path clones turned into a huge vanguard army and flew in front of Di Zang Sheng, attacking the final sub-formation.


“Watch this!” Under the immortals’ expectant gaze, Feng Jin Huang stood up, her youthful face was filled with seriousness and solemness.


She borrowed the immortal formation’s strength to activate immortal killer move shatter dream.


Bam bam bam…


Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies exploded directly, becoming lumps of dream realms on the spot that rotated and moved slowly.


Immortal killer move — Pure Dream Reality Seeker Transformation!


Feng Jin Huang activated another method.


These restored dream realms transformed back to human form again, but this time, they belonged to Feng Jin Huang.


With Feng Jin Huang here, dream path was no longer Heavenly Court’s weakness.


“What about this then!” Before Heavenly Court’s force could relax, a large formation was sent out from Dragon Palace at this crucial moment.


Five regional limit formation!


Five colored smoke spouted once again and rapidly spread to cover the whole area.


Heavenly Court’s main force had bloodshot eyes as Zhu Que Er shouted hoarsely: “Destroy it!”


Vortex Space Boy and Jun Shen Guang had already moved towards the formation.


“Too late.” Zhan Bu Du exclaimed with joy from inside the formation.


He did not let down everyone’s expectations, at this crucial moment, he finished repairing the whole formation and joined the battle again!


Five colored smoke expanded and covered the sub-formation.


Puff puff puff.


The Central Continent Gu Immortals were still setting up the formation, they were caught unprepared and coughed blood repeatedly, most fainted on the spot while some even died from the backlash!


By now, they were all exhausted and the five regional limit formation became their death warrant.


As for the Gu Immortals controlling the main formation, they were forced to ease their strength while resisting the injuries from the backlash.


Roar—!


Di Zang Sheng took the chance to attack, it directly smashed into the final sub-formation. The nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation was finally broken at this moment!


The formation collapsed, the obstruction disappeared, Hairy Foot Mountain that had been hidden by the formation got exposed.


This mountain was small and inconspicuous, it was as ordinary as could be but it held Infallible blessed land.


The Gu Immortals who had been controlling the main formation were lying on Hairy Foot Mountain.


The formation’s destruction inflicted serious injuries on these Gu Immortals again, almost none of them were in a clear-headed state.


Most of the Gu Immortals had already lost their lives, while a small portion were in a dazed state. Feng Jin Huang, who had been protected tightly, also had a pale face, she fell down to the ground in exhaustion and did not have any strength to escape.


At this moment, she could only look on as Di Zang Sheng came charging, she could do nothing but wait for death.


A strong sense of death suffocated Feng Jin Huang.


“Am I going to die?” At this moment, this young female Gu Master felt a sense of loss.


“Protect Feng Jin Huang!”


“Save her.”


“No need to care about Infallible blessed land, the final batch of success dao marks have already been sent to Heavenly Court.”


Heavenly Court’s main force staked all their energy to rescue Feng Jin Huang.


“Wishful thinking!” The Southern Border Gu Immortals laughed wildly as they used their strength to hold back these Heavenly Court Gu Immortals as much as possible.


Wu Yong’s unlimited wind blew while making heavy sounds. This giant tornado stalled a large number of Heavenly Court Gu Immortals.


Jun Shen Guang and Vortex Space Boy charged to the front again. One cultivated light path, another space path, their activation speed of killer moves was fastest.


Immortal killer move — Dreamy Light Smoke!


Dragon Palace withstood all sorts of explosions and forcibly attacked Jun Shen Guang and Vortex Space Boy.


Jun Shen Guang and Vortex Space Boy finally could not dodge, they were carried away by dreamy light smoke the moment they were struck.


After capturing these two, Dragon Palace had reached its limits and could not capture any more people unless these two were killed.


“Destroy Hairy Foot Mountain and Infallible blessed land!” Wu Yong shouted as he took the lead to charge in front. He was not on Heavenly Court’s side and naturally was unaware that Heavenly Court had already completed the task. Even if he were to destroy Infallible blessed land now, it did not have any influence on the big picture.


“Don’t even think about it!” A lump of fire obstructed Wu Yong, from which Prince Feng Xian flew out.


“By you alone?!” Wu Yong’s eyes shined with sharp killing intent, he suddenly disappeared and when he appeared, he was already behind Prince Feng Xian.


Immortal killer move — Farewell Friend Wind!


“We became friends at first sight, yet you have to go now. This is farewell, my good friend, let me send you off.” Wu Yong smiled lightly.


Hearing these words, even Prince Feng Xian, a person who infiltrated and went undercover in Northern Plains for many years, turned pale with fright.


Next, Prince Feng Xian lost control over his body and slowly floated towards the front.


While floating, his hair, clothes, and limbs started to disintegrate.


“Damn it! Farewell friend wind is actually in Wu Yong’s hand!” Prince Feng Xian shouted inwardly but was unable to articulate his words.


He could not move at all, none of his methods could be used.


With the final obstruction gone, Wu Yong charged down towards Hairy Foot Mountain like an eagle hunting its prey.


The remaining Heavenly Court members wanted to reinforce but were held back by others.


Wu Yong revealed awe-inspiring might, before he had even truly descended, the wind pressure from him was already as heavy as a mountain, Feng Jin Huang could not even budge from this pressure and slowly closed her eyes in despair.


But the pain that she anticipated did not manifest.


Feng Jin Huang slowly opened her eyes in doubt and saw a figure blocking Wu Yong in front of her like an impenetrable fortress.


The moment she saw this extremely familiar figure, she cried out in joy: “Father!”


The rank eight Gu Immortal who appeared at the crucial moment was none other than Feng Jiu Ge.


He wore a red and white robe, standing straight like a spear or sword.


Hearing Feng Jin Huang’s cry, Feng Jiu Ge turned sideways and looked at Feng Jin Huang. His eyes under his sharp brows revealed warmth and concern as well as confidence.


Feng Jiu Ge did not say anything and only nodded at Feng Jin Huang before facing Wu Yong.


But just that nod made Feng Jin Huang feel immense security and let her relax completely. This groundless comfort was completely baffling and had no basis, but Feng Jin Huang believed in it, this was her father Feng Jiu Ge.


Wu Yong’s eyes emitted dangerous light.


“Feng Jiu Ge,” Wu Yong mumbled this name as he exposed his killing intent: “You stopped me from chasing Fang Yuan before, I will settle the score with you properly now.”


He then prepared his killer move, trying to use farewell friend wind again.


Feng Jiu Ge did not dodge or evade, he remained floating in the air as he slowly sang with a smile on his face.


His voice was illusory and deep, it was filled with conflict and was very unique.


Wu Yong was unconsciously influenced by the song, his attack paused.


Initially, the song was like a small stream of water in the mountains, flowing slowly. Gradually, the stream turned into flowing lava that expanded the river’s width, in the range of mountains, like a wandering dragon.


“Damn it, what song is this?” Wu Yong’s expression changed intensely, he began to struggle with difficulty, he had been the first to be struck by the move because he was the nearest.


The song made Wu Yong feel unwell, it made him feel like he had returned to when he was young, he was always shrouded under his mother Wu Du Xiu’s shadow and had received her strict teaching and restrictions. During that time, he could only receive her lessons obediently.


At the next moment, Wu Yong’s eyes opened even wider.


The farewell friend wind killer move he had used earlier on Prince Feng Xian had actually stopped.


“What song is this? It can actually break farewell friend wind?” Wu Yong was shaken.


Prince Feng Xian felt a different sensation.


He felt like he had returned to the past when he had disguised his identity and finally cultivated to rank eight in Northern Plains. He had a grotto-heaven and finally had a feeling of joy, no longer having to endure the overbearing attitude of Northern Plains’ super force Gong tribe.


Under the effect of destiny song, the Southern Border immortals were weakened and dispirited, on the contrary, Heavenly Court’s side felt free and elated, their condition picked up and their injuries recovered.


Destiny song’s ability was extremely comprehensive, what was even more amazing was that it could distinguish between allies and enemies. This was something that the previous life’s destiny song could never compare to.


Even Wu Shuai and the rest were constrained by the song, only Di Zang Sheng roared and forcibly endured the song, still continuing to charge forward!


Feng Jiu Ge concentrated on Di Zang Sheng. Di Zang Sheng’s body was so huge that it almost covered the sky and earth, just its dragon head was as big as a mountain. Feng Jiu Ge, in comparison, was as minuscule as an ant.


But at the next moment, the effects of the song concentrated and focused on Di Zang Sheng.


Di Zang Sheng felt like it had returned to the time when it was suppressed in Hidden Dragon Cave; it was in a dark cage, unable to regain freedom even though it had a thousand desires and endless strength.


Helplessness.


Di Zang Sheng started to slow down.


It wanted to roar and cry out, but it ended up letting out whimpers.


The immortals were shocked.


This scene was too shocking.


Feng Jiu Ge defeated Di Zang Sheng in one move!


This was the strongest legendary immemorial desolate beast of this age!! In the previous life, it could fight Duke Long who was at his final moments of life, if he had not captured Dragon Palace, it would have been impossible for him to handle Di Zang Sheng so easily.


“This is my personal creation, destiny song. It has just been completed, please feel free to critique it.” Feng Jiu Ge continued to sing while transmitting his voice.


“Destiny song!!” The immortals, be they enemies or allies, engraved the name of this killer move deep in their hearts.


The moment this move appeared, it became famous.


From today onwards, everyone in the world would know of it!


Destiny was constantly moving, it had ups and downs. Who would not have low points in their life? Even Fang Yuan, even the venerables had times when they were at their lowest points. Destiny song could bring out the lows and highs of the destiny of all living beings.


At times, even heaven and earth will help you, at times, even heroes cannot emerge unscathed!


Feng Jiu Ge’s ninth song, sound path rank eight immortal killer move — Destiny Song!


“This is troublesome.” Wu Shuai’s expression was extremely heavy.


“He actually created the complete destiny song. As expected of Feng Jiu Ge.” Zhan Bu Du sighed heavily.


This battle situation was transmitted to Heavenly Court, Fairy Zi Wei was naturally overjoyed.


Feng Jiu Ge had been in a state of comprehension, he took the initiative and requested to explore the River of Time. Qin Ding Ling inspected his luck and saw his fortuitous encounter, so she fully supported it. Fairy Zi Wei had thus secretly arranged a time path Immortal Gu House to send Feng Jiu Ge to the River of Time quietly.


Fairy Zi Wei believed Qin Ding Ling’s words and she also saw Feng Jiu Ge’s potential, but she had never imagined Feng Jiu Ge would actually give her such a huge surprise!


Rank eight immortal killer move destiny song, just this move alone raised Feng Jiu Ge’s strength to the peak, he became one of the strongest people in the world.


Heavenly Court wanted to restore rank nine fate Gu and seize fortune rivalling heaven Gu to try to refine rank ten destiny Gu. Longevity Heaven also had the same plan, but their target was set lower, they wanted to use the damaged fate Gu to refine rank nine destiny Gu.


But both sides had not expected that ahead of them, a Gu Immortal actually created the initial draft of the Immortal Gu recipe of destiny Gu!


Immortal killer moves could be condensed into Immortal Gu recipes.


The best example was Fang Yuan’s myriad self Immortal Gu, the refined myriad self Immortal Gu recipe had been derived from the killer move myriad self.


It was no exaggeration to say that this move alone allowed Feng Jiu Ge’s name to be written down in history.


Worthy of a Dao Guardian!


Such overwhelming talent, even Fairy Zi Wei felt stunned and dazzled, she admitted her inferiority.


“Father, you are amazing!” Feng Jin Huang stared at Feng Jiu Ge’s back with her eyes wide open, feelings of idolization and love almost overflowed.


The girl’s heart was filled with pride and joy at this moment.


“Yes, my father has never disappointed me.”


At this moment, Feng Jin Huang was filled with bliss as she cheered inwardly: “Father, you are most amazing, your broad shoulders will forever be my most reliable support!”




