Chapter 195: Then Let Me Become a Demon


The Gu Yue founder laughed even harder, but suddenly, he stopped and turned towards Lord Sky Crane. “Junior Brother, you never thought this day would come, right?!” he asked in a voice full of hatred. “We were both orphans raised by our master. But since we were young, he always doted on you more. Why? Wasn’t it because your aptitude is A grade and mine is only C grade?

“Naturally, with your aptitude, your cultivation progressed much faster. Do you have any idea how much blood and sweat I had to put in to just barely match your pace? Although we were called the Righteous Twin Cranes, you were always the first and I the second. You were the brightest star, just because you were an A grade genius!

“Even your luck was good! You obtained a Blood Sea true inheritance, and what did it contain? The Blood Skull Gu, which could purify the blood of slaughtered relatives and pour it in the aperture to enhance it. Can you even comprehend how I felt? I pondered day and night, thinking of countless schemes. I knew that Blood Skull Gu was my only hope. With it, I could change my life, change my fate!”

“But it is mine, MINE!” Lord Sky Crane shouted, so furious that he stomped his feet.

“Yes, it is yours,” the founder nodded. “Your aptitude is great and your luck is also great. Though we began cultivating at the same time, and we worked together to slay many foes, the heavens only favored you. When you obtained the inheritance, when I looked at your proud face as you spoke of your future plans, when I forced myself to smile, I suddenly realized.

“The heavens favored you. But what could I do about it? I was only an insignificant C grade talent, so how could I succeed just by relying on myself? I could only take and steal! Make it all mine! The fate that heaven had planned for me was to bow at another’s feet, and to walk in another’s shadow! But on what basis?! On what basis did it put me below and you above?!” The founder actually seemed to be weeping as he spoke.

His Blood Wight body’s appearance was terrifying, and with the strange sound of his sobs, everyone who heard it felt a chill seep into their bones.

“Since the heavens didn’t favor me, our master didn’t love me, other people didn’t value me, I could only love myself more, value myself more, rely on myself more! I could only put in more effort, take more risks, and work even harder! Only then could I succeed! But the righteous path speaks of morals, ethics, comradery, qualifications, hierarchy. I am but a single man, a nobody with no background, no talent, and no resources. So tell me, how could I succeed?

“In the righteous path, I could only let myself be exploited and bullied, I could only look up to those young masters and geniuses. Even if I worked until I was old and decrepit, I would only achieve minute success. That is the righteous path…a bullshit path!

“Only by becoming a demon, by forsaking ethics, comradery, and the rules of society, only by paying a terrible price could I make another path among the thorns and brambles, a path that belonged to myself! So I schemed against you, seized the inheritance, and became a demon. Haha, and what a demon I became!”

A demon I became…

A demon I became…

His voice reverberated within the blood bubble.

Outside, Lord Sky Crane descended into a quiet and somber mood.

The Gu Yue founder slowly stopped laughing, and he resumed his slaughter. Gu Masters fell in droves, their blood absorbed by the Blood Skull Gu and concentrated into a bloody waterfall that poured into the founder’s aperture, raising his aptitude.

The higher one’s aptitude, the more primeval essence they could store in their aperture.

As the founder killed more and more Gu Yue clansmen, his fighting strength increased further and further as his capacity grew.

Outside the blood bubble, Lord Sky Crane burned with anxiety. But the Blood Curtain Skyflower was like a bottomless chasm. He could not cross it, he could do nothing but sigh. He had tried to prevent it, but he could only give up.

After a while, there were only a few people left in the bubble.

“Brat, you stole the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus. I will give you a chance to atone. Hand it over and I’ll spare your life!” the founder said as he stalked closer and closer, his killing intent fully directed at Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan knew that his chances of survival were scarce, but he sneered in response. “Only a three-year-old child would fall for your bullshit. Hmph, I will destroy the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus if you come any closer. You should know that I have refined this Gu and can easily cause it to self-destruct with a thought. It’s up to you.”

The founder slowed for a moment, then he resolutely resumed his approach.

“Brat, you certainly have guts and brains. You are indeed my descendant. I will take your blood and use it to raise my aptitude. Of course I won’t let you go. Originally, I used a blood path Gu to purify my bloodline to try and produce a descendant with the Desolate Ancient Moon Physique. If I absorbed the blood of such a genius, I would be able to raise my aptitude to 99% with just theirs alone!

“If it had been so, I could have let you all go, but unfortunately, it seems you were not that lucky. Hmph, the thing I hate most in life is being coerced. If the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus dies, then so be it, but you are sure to die!”

Before he even finished speaking, his wings flapped, propelling him forward. In the blink of an eye, he appeared in front of Fang Yuan.

The founder grabbed at Fang Yuan with his right hand. In that split second, Fang Yuan’s pupils shrank and his hair stood on end as he tried to retreat with all his might.

But how could it be easy to dodge the attack of a rank five expert? The Blood Wight’s claws were almost upon him, but suddenly, a hand made of ice stabbed in from the side.

BANG.

With an explosion, the ice hand shattered and a cold wind blew through the area. The Gu Yue founder was forced back a step.

“Bai Ning Bing?!” Fang Yuan cried in shock as he turned to the person who had helped him.

Bai Ning Bing retracted his shattered arm. Cold air surged out of the wound, condensing into another arm, good as new. But there was no flesh in it. He had already reached the limits of his Extreme Physique.

“To think that I could have such a splendid death. It’s a pity that I won’t be able to see the conclusion of this battle!” Bai Ning Bing heaved a deep sigh, then suddenly smiled and looked at Fang Yuan with his deep blue eyes. “Fang Yuan, you and I are the same kind of people. My death is certain, but it would be a pity if you were to die as well, so I will protect you. But I have a condition.”

Bai Ning Bing might only be a rank three Gu Master, but as his death approached, his strength continued to grow steeply, like a geyser blasting into the sky. He was the last hope to win against the Gu Yue founder!

“What condition?” Fang Yuan’s eyes flashed.

Bai Ning Bing stretched out his arms, as though he was embracing the world. Robed in white, with snowy hair, he raised his eyebrows and said, “Live on for me and witness the myriad wonders of this world!”

In that moment, Fang Yuan was emotionally moved!

This man…

Fang Yuan felt like he was looking at his younger self in his previous life.

Bai Ning Bing’s words might sound like nonsense, but they were genuine. Perhaps ordinary people would never believe it, but Fang Yuan understood the profound meaning contained within them.

Bai Ning Bing was a genius without peer, and his talent defied the heavens, but his lifespan was tragically short. He had already found his path and his faith. He wasn’t afraid of death, but he was reluctant to leave this world.

He had regrets, but without any alternatives, he could only entrust them to Fang Yuan.

“Oh, it’s the Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique! Tsk, such a pity that you are not a descendant of mine, otherwise they wouldn’t have needed to die.” The founder smiled malevolently. “But you want to stop me by relying on your physique? So naive!””

He vanished, appearing right in front of Bai Ning Bing.

BOOM!

With another explosion, the two traded blows.

The founder was forced to take two steps back, but Bai Ning Bing’s head and most of his body was blown away.

But in the next instant, with the crackling of ice…

Cold air surged, and frost condensed together to form a new body and skull. Bai Ning Bing was resurrected!

“What?!” The founder was shocked beyond words. The Ten Extreme Physiques were rare, and this was the first time he was facing one.

They continued to battle. Bai Ning Bing’s cultivation was too weak, and he was at a firm disadvantage. The situation seemed very bad, but no matter how many times the founder killed him, he didn’t fall.

At that moment, Bai Ning Bing’s body was close to undying. No matter how severe his wounds, they would freeze and regenerate in a matter of seconds.

The Gu Yue founder was becoming more furious and also more fearful, and he attacked in a frenzy. Bai Ning Bing’s body gradually lost all of its color, his flesh fully becoming ice. Even his white hair had turned to thin icicles.

The time had finally arrived…

Death was descending at this moment.

“Infinite brilliance in the mortal realm,

to the ends of the world the skies and seas stretch beyond.

As the winds blow my ashes back to the earth,

it is incomparable to the shining moon in the reflection of the water!”

Bai Ning Bing recited a poem with a faint smile.

At that moment, his face froze.

There was a burst of cold wind, and frost rose violently like a sudden fog.

Crackle…

Ice spread from under his feet, and then a glacier rose up like the birth of a mountain!

The surging, majestic ice was like a landslide, a tsunami, a dragon surging over the waves, as it crashed towards the Gu Yue founder.

He let out a gasp and brought all his strength to bear to resist it. The red hair on his head stood on end, bloody mist rose from all over his body, and countless Blood Guillotine Gu and Bladewing Blood Bat Gu were sent to break themselves against the glacier in an attempt to slow it down by even a fraction.

In the end, he was still suppressed by the glacier, confined and engulfed.

The enormous glacier filled the whole blood bubble, but it didn’t touch Fang Yuan. He stood in a small space of safety intentionally left by Bai Ning Bing.

Bang.

The Blood Curtain Skyflower burst. With no hindrances, the cold air overflowed and the glacier surged.

It broke the Blood Curtain Skyflower! Such power… Lord Sky Crane didn’t dare to face the glacier, and he took to the skies.

Under his astonished gaze, the glacier continued to spread. It actually covered the whole of Qing Mao Mountain, from top to bottom. In an instant, the lush, thriving mountain had transformed into a desolate land of ice and snow.

The icy ground under Fang Yuan’s feet continued to rise higher and higher. He, too, was personally observing this scene.

The thousand li glacier was the evidence of the fall of the young genius, and contained within it was Bai Ning Bing’s indignation and helplessness.

Not good, I need to leave this place soon! Bai Ning Bing’s consciousness is weakening and gradually dying out, he is already losing the control of the glacier. Fang Yuan found that his safe spot was shrinking as the ice continued to condense and move.

