Chapter 1954: Pursue Freedom!


Fang Yuan’s whole body was bathed in blood and filled with injuries. He snorted coldly and stood up, looking at Embroidered Tower in front of him.


Embroidered Tower was originally a mortal object that was left by Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable to his disciple Star Constellation as her dowry. But according to the customs back then, its symbolic meaning was much greater. Later, when Star Constellation became Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, she turned Embroidered Tower into an Immortal Gu House that had extremely mystical powers.


Over a million years ago, Reckless Savage Demon Venerable invaded Heavenly Court. He stormed through Heavenly Court, passing Immortal Emperor Court, Hidden Space Pavilion, Sumeru Lake, Eternal Sand Cave, Million Heavenly King Gallery, Embroidered Tower, Central Great Hall, and finally stopping at Heaven Overseeing Tower.


Reckless Savage Demon Venerable suffered some loss when he reached Embroidered Tower, Embroidered Tower used its trump card method — Dao Embroidery. Seven embroidery needles flew out elegantly. Reckless Savage Demon Venerable was forced to discard three pieces of his skin before he was able to go past it.


These three bloody skins were sewn into the air by countless dao mark threads.


After that, Embroidered Tower’s damage could not be repaired. And later, it was used to attack Spectral Soul in Yi Tian Mountain, the new damage added to the previous ones. This damage ruined Embroidered Tower and it could not be of any use right now.


Not only Fang Yuan, even Duke Long and other Gu Immortals saw the movement of the three bloody skins in the air above Embroidered Tower!


They looked like three bloody banners, fluttering savagely in the wind.


The left banner had a bird drawn on it, the bird had six legs but no wings.


The middle bloody banner had a drawing of a beast which was getting increasingly clearer. It opened its mouth but had no teeth.


The right bloody skin had a fish, it grew increasingly vivid and lifelike but it was clear that it had no gills.




Blood skins made wild sounds like an ancient gale that crossed a million years and roared in people’s ears. Or like a grand army that went to battle, clashes and collisions of steel and horses resounded!


The blood banners’ fluttering continued to amplify in commotion, they were like volcanoes that had been suppressed for countless years or like wild beasts that had accumulated their energy and was about to strike their prey!


Roar—!


The wild beasts roared.


They violently broke the dao mark threads that bound them, and turned into three blood red lights that landed around Fang Yuan.


Three beastly bizarre and resounding roars sounded and the blood red light dissipated, revealing three enormous beasts.


A glowing monstrous yellow bird that was like a small mountain, its six legs were thick and rough, its beak was hard and long, but it had no wings.


An azure-blue leopard with a big belly was sprawled on the ground, it kept on yawning and one could see it did not have even a single tooth.


And a fish with dark green scales was floating in the air, its head was raised high and its mouth was closed tightly. There was no trace of gills next to its eyes. The huge fish was motionless like a jade statue.


The immortals were shaken, even Duke Long’s expression turned solemn as he halted his attacks.




“There is an abnormality in the three bloody skins left by Reckless Savage Demon Venerable!”


“These three monsters have such shocking auras.”


“Did Fang Yuan trigger a venerable’s method?”


“Wait a second, these three monsters, why do they resemble those three recorded in <<The Legends of Ren Zu>>?”


<<The Legends of Ren Zu>>, chapter four states —


Ren Zu wandered alone on the vast land, his hair was disheveled and he seemed to have lost his mind: at times, he wailed, at times, he sat down in a daze, and at times, he laughed like a fool.


Fate Gu’s manipulation had separated him from his children, he also lost wealth Gu, Ren Zu was forced into a state of madness.


“Who am I? Where am I? What am I doing?” Ren Zu was at a loss and went crazy again.


One morning, a group of birds ran past Ren Zu.


These birds did not have wings, their six legs moved alternately as they ran on the ground, raising clouds of dust in their path.


Ren Zu jumped with joy when he saw these birds.


“So I am a bird!” He also spread his legs and ran wildly, joining the bird group.


The birds growled strangely towards Ren Zu: “You are a human, you use two legs to walk, you are not a bird. Leave, don’t disturb us, we are pursuing freedom Gu, we want to retrieve our freedom.”


Ren Zu asked: “Why are you all searching for freedom Gu?”


The birds said with a heavy tone: “We once possessed freedom Gu, but we did not realize that. Only after losing it, we found that we no longer had wings and could not fly anymore. When we regain freedom, we will be able to spread our wings and soar to the sky again.”


Ren Zu realized: “I understand, humans also need freedom. If humans don’t have freedom, they will be like birds who have lost their wings.”


“Right! I remember now!” Ren Zu clapped and laughed madly: “I also need to search for freedom to get rid of fate’s shackles. After that, I can go wherever I want to go, and be with whomever I want to be forever.”


The birds casted a strange look at Ren Zu: “Oh human, how can you have such preposterous thoughts?”


“Look at us, how can birds not have wings? So, chasing after freedom is part of our duty.”


“But you humans are destined to be alone, all gatherings will end up in separation. Oh human, you want to pursue freedom but you also need to abide by your nature, you should not indulge in wild fantasies.”


Ren Zu scratched his head, puzzled: “Is that how it works?”


The birds left behind their last words: “Oh human, let us give you some sincere advice. If you obtain freedom in the future, you must cherish it, don’t be like us and let go. Don’t let freedom Gu fly away, otherwise you will regret it.”


After Ren Zu parted ways with the birds, he slowly forgot his identity and goals once again.


One afternoon, a leap of blue leopards passed by him.


The insane Ren Zu saw the group of leopards and shouted in joy: “So I am a leopard.”


Ren Zu rushed into the group.


But the leopards pushed him away and shouted: “You are a human, not a leopard. You use two legs to walk, while we have four legs. Leave, don’t disturb us. We are pursuing freedom Gu, we want to retrieve our freedom.”


Ren Zu asked: “Why are you searching for freedom Gu?”


The blue leopards looked depressed: “Sigh, we once possessed freedom Gu, but we did not realize it. Only after losing it, we found that we no longer had teeth and could not bite and tear apart our prey. When we regain freedom, we will be able to eat happily again.”


Ren Zu realized: “I understand, humans also need freedom. If humans don’t have freedom, they will be like beasts with no teeth.”


“Right!” Ren Zu clapped and laughed madly: “I need to search for freedom to get rid of fate’s shackles. I will possess countless delicacies and wines, endless wealth, and all kinds of comfortable and beautiful clothes.”


The blue leopards were stunned before laughing loudly as they mocked Ren Zu: “Oh human, how can you have such preposterous thoughts?”


“Look at us, how can beasts not have fangs or claws? So, chasing after freedom is part of our duty.”


“But you humans were born with empty hands and will pass away with nothing. Oh human, you want to pursue freedom but you also need to abide by your nature, you should not indulge in wild fantasies.”


Ren Zu scratched his head, unsatisfied: “Is that how it works?”


The leopards left behind their final words: “Oh human, let us give you some sincere advice. If you obtain freedom in the future, you must cherish it, don’t be like us and let go. Don’t let freedom Gu fly away, otherwise you will regret it.”


After Ren Zu parted ways with the leopards, he slowly forgot his identity and goals once again.


One evening, a school of fish swam past him.


Ren Zu saw the fish and shouted in joy: “So I am a fish.”


Ren Zu joined the fish group and tried to swim like them.


There was a commotion in the fish group as they pushed Ren Zu away and shouted: “You are a human, not a fish. You use two legs to walk, while we have no legs. Leave, don’t disturb us. We are pursuing freedom Gu, we want to retrieve our freedom.”


Ren Zu asked: “Why are you searching for freedom Gu?”


The fish sighed: “We once possessed freedom Gu, but we did not realize that. Only after losing it, we found that we no longer had gills and could not breathe in the water again. When we regain freedom, we will be able to swim in the water again.”


Ren Zu realized: “I understand, humans also need freedom. If humans don’t have freedom, they will be like fish with no gills and cannot breathe.”


“Right!” Ren Zu clapped and laughed madly: “I need to search for freedom to get rid of fate’s shackles. I will breathe freely and live on forever, I want eternal life!”


The fish sneered: “Oh human, how can you have such preposterous thoughts?”


“Look at us, a fish must have gills, so chasing after freedom is part of our duty.”


“But you humans are destined to have no relation with eternal life, you will die of old age and illnesses. Oh human, you want to pursue freedom but you also need to abide by your nature, you should not indulge in wild fantasies.”


Ren Zu frowned, feeling irritated: “Is that how it works?”


The fishes left behind their final words: “Oh human, let us give you some sincere advice. If you obtain freedom in the future, you must cherish it, don’t be like us and let go. Don’t let freedom Gu fly away, otherwise you will regret it.”


After Ren Zu parted ways with the fishes, he slowly forgot the advice of the birds, leopards, and the fish.


“I am a human, I need to pursue freedom!”


“I need to get rid of the shackles of fate, I want to live forever with my loved ones, I want to enjoy life with enough wealth, I want to live on forever.”


Many beings that walked past Ren Zu heard him, they shook their heads and stayed away from him.


“Let’s quickly leave, he is Ren Zu and he is talking nonsense again.”


“He has already gone mad completely.”


“How could he dare to have such thoughts?”


One day, freedom Gu flew towards Ren Zu on its own accord.


Ren Zu was joyous as he grabbed it.


“Oh freedom, I finally obtained freedom.” Ren Zu was extremely happy but also felt puzzled as he asked freedom Gu: “This is really strange, the wingless birds are pursuing you, the toothless beasts are pursuing you, the gill-less fish are pursuing you, but you flew to me, what is going on here?”


Freedom Gu replied: “I didn’t fly to you, human, you once used attitude Gu to bully me, used love to bind me, and used wealth to bribe me. I loathe and hate you! I flew over because I was attracted by the cognition Gu on you.”


Cognition Gu floated out of Ren Zu’s body and explained with a smile: “Ren Zu, because you have gone mad, you are thinking deliriously all the time. A human that desires companionship forever, a human who has an extravagant hope of living a life with no worries, a human who pursues eternal life; what else can this be other than a lunatic?”


Freedom Gu sighed: “Freedom of cognition is the greatest freedom. These delirious thoughts can strengthen me. Ren Zu, although you captured me, I will never work for you. Release me now!”


Ren Zu shook his head and grasped even tighter: “Freedom Gu, I will not let you go.”


Freedom Gu sneered: “Then prepare yourself, don’t collapse from the pressure.”


The moment it finished speaking, responsibility Gu flew over, pressing on Ren Zu’s shoulder.


“Heavy, so heavy!” Ren Zu almost bent over from the pressure.


Cognition Gu sighed: “Freedom and responsibility coexist, oh Ren Zu, you want to obtain freedom so you need to shoulder the responsibility. At least, you need to be responsible for yourself.”


Ren Zu clenched his teeth and persevered, sweat flowed down his body like a river, soon, he knelt down on the ground.


He saw spider webs again.


Fate Gu’s spider silk wrapped around his whole body. Ren Zu was barely shouldering the heavy responsibility and had no strength to break free from the spider silk’s bindings.


Fate Gu’s spider silk constricted tightly, forming blood wounds everywhere on Ren Zu’s body.


Ren Zu shouted: “What is going on?”


Cognition Gu explained: “Oh human, the more freedom you experience, the more you will feel the restriction around you.”


Freedom Gu laughed: “Just let me go, the longer you hold on to me, the more spider silk will bind you, the binding will become tighter and will even constrict you to death!”


Ren Zu shook his head: “No, I won’t let go, oh freedom Gu, I must have you!”


Countless spider silk pierced into Ren Zu’s flesh, Ren Zu howled in pain and rolled on the ground but did not let go.


“Hahaha!” Ren Zu began laughing foolishly again: “I can sense a Gu far away. Just this feeling alone makes me happy and satisfied.”


Cognition Gu admitted frankly: “That is natural. Whoever obtains freedom Gu will also be able to sense the location of happiness Gu.”


Ren Zu continued to persevere, he cried in pain at times and laughed happily at other times. The spider silk constricted tightly, tearing into his bones and leaving deep marks on them, but Ren Zu still did not loosen his hands.


In the end, he fainted from the pain.


After a long time, he slowly woke up.


Fate Gu’s spider silk was no longer constricting him, responsibility Gu also did not exert heavy pressure, while cognition Gu had disappeared.


“Wait, what about freedom Gu?” Ren Zu did not sense freedom Gu’s existence, and in his moment of panic, he opened his hands.


The moment a gap appeared, freedom Gu flew away and left Ren Zu behind.


Humans often did not understand freedom when they possessed it, only after losing it, they would come to a sudden realization.


Ren Zu was stunned when he saw freedom Gu flying away, he remembered the advice of the birds, leopards, and fish, he felt extremely regretful.


He tore out his hair painfully and rolled on the ground.


“I am better off dead.” Ren Zu was overwhelmed with grief: “I would rather lose love, I would rather lose my life, I don’t want to lose freedom!”




