Chapter 196: Rebirth Once More


Fang Yuan immediately used his Chainsaw Golden Centipede and Blood Moon Gu to try and break the ice.


But it was too thick, and far too cold. For every layer he shaved off, two more would grow in its place. He was trapped, in a desperate situation without any way to free himself.


At that moment, bloody light emerged from under the icy torrent.


Initially, it was but a glimmer, but it soon spread, growing until a bloody aurora enveloped the area.


“Hahaha.” With a long laugh, blood light rushed towards the sky as the Gu Yue founder broke through the ice and escaped. “The Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique? If he had reached rank four, he might be able to kill me. Sadly for him, he was only rank three peak stage…” Although he looked miserable, his tone was arrogant.


He turned his gaze to Fang Yuan, trapped in the glacier.


“Since his self-detonation couldn’t kill you, let me do it,” Lord Sky Crane said, casually descending from the sky. He sat atop his iron beak flying crane king, which had finally returned after killing the Blood River Python.


Across the whole of Qing Mao Mountain, only three people remained.


Bai Ning Bing had become a mountain of ice, his consciousness spent. Fang Yuan was like an insect trapped in amber. As for the two rank five Gu Masters, the founder had raised his aptitude and he had become much stronger, and Lord Sky Crane had already mostly recovered after resting.


Their eyes were locked on Fang Yuan.


The founder wanted to kill him and take his blood. Lord Sky Crane wanted to stop his senior brother, and he would naturally not restrict himself by protecting Fang Yuan. Thus, he could only strike first and kill him before the founder could.


With their natures, they would not tolerate a bystander. After all, what if they were injured, and the observer profited from it?


Fang Yuan sighed. Seeing their faces, he knew he was finished.


He had lost the Thunderwings Gu and Thousand Li Earthwolf spider. Even if he had them, he could not escape from two rank five Gu Masters.


He only had rank three peak stage cultivation, incomparable with rank five. In this situation, he was nothing but meat on the chopping block. And the two knives at hand were extremely sharp!


He could not defeat them, nor could he escape from them. But he had one last move!


The Spring Autumn Cicada!


Fang Yuan’s mind descended into his aperture. The light walls had been transmuted into rough stone.


He had about half of his snow silver primeval essence left. His stone aperture could no longer recover primeval essence naturally, but the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus was doing its work.


But these things were not important. He placed all his concentration on the Gu in the middle.


His vital Gu, the rank six Spring Autumn Cicada!


Only by using this Gu could he travel against the flow of time and create a miracle! With this impossible method, he could change fate itself!


Even then—


Such a method was extremely risky.


Firstly, the River of Time was a forbidden area in the Great Dao, and mortals were not allowed to traverse it. To enter was to break the rules of heaven and earth, and one would face divine retribution.


Secondly, the Spring Autumn Cicada had not fully recovered. It was like a broken boat, and if he forcefully tried to traverse the river, it might capsize partway through and sink.


Lastly, Fang Yuan was only at rank three peak stage. Activating the Spring Autumn Cicada now was like a baby awkwardly wielding a sword. He could easily injure himself.


Once I use the Spring Autumn Cicada, I will have to self-detonate. All my cultivation, my flesh and blood, and all my other Gu will be converted to fuel to drive the Spring Autumn Cicada up the River of Time. Compared to my previous life, it’s far too little, and there is a high chance I will die. But at this point, I have no other ways left, I am forced to use it!


Fang Yuan was helpless.


Earlier, he had used the Stone Aperture Gu rather than the Spring Autumn Cicada because of the great risk involved.


He might not have even a ten percent chance of success.


Many Gu Masters tried to use Gu exceeding their rank, and they would face strong backlash, as Gu Yue Qing Shu had. Right now, Fang Yuan could only bet on the fact that the Spring Autumn Cicada was his vital Gu.


“You brat, hand over your life and contribute your blood to your ancestor!”


“Lad, you are unlucky, you can only blame this despicable ancestor of yours. I will set you free from your misery!”


The founder and Lord Sky Crane both attacked at the same time.


Fang Yuan was forced to the precipice, and he could only jump.


Spring Autumn Cicada, do it! His eyes glowed with wondrous light as a yellow-green radiance burst forth from his body.


“This aura?!”


“How can this be? A rank six Gu!”


The two rank five Gu Masters were shocked, but soon, greed emerged on their faces.


“Kill him and take it!”


“This is an opportunity from heaven! Good lad, hand it over and I may spare your life!”


They moved even faster than before.


But at that moment, there was a loud explosion.


Fang Yuan self-detonated!


“What?!” Before his death, he heard the two rank five Gu Masters’ cries of shock.


•••


Legend says that the world contains a long and very special river, known as Time. Humans were like fish in the river, and the current was so strong that they could only follow it downstream. Sometimes, one or two fish would leap above the surface and see the ripples beyond — this was predicting the future.


Without the River of Time, the world would be motionless, like a painting. Only thanks to this river could change occur and could the world move, prospering and withering in turn.


Within the endless roaring of the river, every ripple was a story, an event in the past.


Amidst the turbulent water, a tiny Gu worm made its way upstream.


It spread its wings, moving with difficulty. As the waves crashed against it, every impact nearly caused its demise.


It carried Fang Yuan’s consciousness and memories, protected by a yellow-green light. It moved up the river shakily, like a candle flickering in the wind.


In the end, it could only travel a short distance before the yellow-green light dispersed. The Spring Autumn Cicada had reached its limit, and with a swoosh, it turned into a flash of light and dived into one of the ripples.


•••


Fang Yuan’s body shook, and a faint yellow-green light appeared in the depths of his eyes.


The light quickly vanished, and Fang Yuan shuddered.


Consciousness and memories assaulted his brain, merging instantly.


He succeeded!


He was overjoyed. He had rebirthed once more!


After sensing this, he immediately looked around, observing his surroundings.


He found that his primeval essence was being expended as white eyebrows coiled around his arms and body.


Ah!


So it was this moment.


Tie Xue Leng’s backup plan had been activated already. The Gu Yue founder was bound by iron chains, and his forehead bore a yellow talisman, the Demon Suppression Iron Chain Gu and the Problem Nipped in the Bud Gu respectively.


Lord Sky Crane also lay on the ground, his body covered by a white barrier. He was activating his Breathtaking Eyebrows Gu, trying to exhaust all of the founder’s primeval essence.


Fang Yuan’s eyes narrowed. He was bound by the eyebrows, unable to move, and thus he could only wait for a good chance.


Under the effect of the Problem Nipped in the Bud Gu, a yellow light flew out of the founder’s body.


The ball of light was about the size of a fist. It lazily floated to the ground and dispersed, revealing the Blood Skull Gu inside.


“Blood Skull Gu! After hundreds of years, I finally get to see you again!” Lord Sky Crane cried out in joy and excitement.


The Gu Yue founder clenched his bloody fangs so hard that his teeth cracked, but he couldn’t budge, much less struggle.


Suddenly, another ball of light was captured by the yellow talisman and it fell to the ground, turning into an alternating black and white Taiji light sphere.


Two peculiar Gu worms were circling and chasing each other within this light sphere. It was the Yin Yang Rotation Gu.


Just as in Fang Yuan’s memories, Lord Sky Crane shouted, “Yin Yang Rotation Gu!! My good senior brother, I truly have to thank you for finding such a good Gu. Hahaha, you actually wanted to turn back into a human, but what a pity! I have destroyed your plan!”


Fang Yuan looked at the Gu Yue founder.


Indeed, he anxiously twisted and snarled; in that moment he seemed to have lost all trace of humanity.


Just a bit longer, my opportunity is coming. Fang Yuan’s eyes gleamed. He chose to be patient.


The third yellow light was drawn out and fell to the ground. It contained a Gu that resembled a translucent sphere of blood.


Fang Yuan’s heart jumped. Blood Curtain Skyflower!


It was this Gu that changed the situation and allowed the founder to break out of his dire predicament.


This Gu had been created by the Gu Yue founder. Fang Yuan didn’t know what it was last time, but now he was clear of its effects.


Indeed, the founder immediately shouted, “Quick, destroy this Gu worm!”


Several Gu Masters immediately moved forward and attacked it.


With a soft hum, a blood-red light bloomed and the blood bubble appeared once again, isolating the inside from the outside.


The blood barrier broke the white eyebrows completely, and Fang Yuan and the other Gu Masters were no longer locked in a battle of primeval essence with Lord Sky Crane, thus regaining their freedom.


Lord Sky Crane staggered to his feet and traded jibes with the Gu Yue founder, but after some time, he was unable to break the blood barrier and had to stop. “What Gu is this?” he asked.


The founder threw back his head and laughed. “Let me teach you! This is a Gu I personally refined: the Blood Curtain Skyflower. The Water Curtain Skyflower, which is rank four, can block the attacks of rank five Gu. This Gu is rank five, and has even more powerful defenses. The Water Curtain Skyflower Gu also prevents its user from going in and out, but this Blood Curtain Skyflower Gu lets me leave. Junior Brother, don’t be impatient, keep on attacking and use all your strength. Just wait till I recover, then I’ll come out and cut off your dog head! Hahahaha!”


Lord Sky Crane was furious, and he attacked in a frenzy, but still failed to pierce the bubble. After he calmed down, he chose to replenish his primeval essence, waiting for the barrier to fade.


The Gu Masters within, seeing that the bubble was impenetrable, were overjoyed, thinking that their lives were saved. They flattered their ancestor, but Bai Ning Bing only snorted.


The founder then asked for primeval stones, and everyone quickly contributed what they had.


Although he was still bound by the chains and could not move, he continued to chomp down on primeval stones, recovering quickly.


Lord Sky Crane saw this and shouted, “Don’t give them to him, you morons! Once he recovers, he will kill you all and use your blood to improve his aptitude. You are causing your own doom!”


No one believed him.


“Hmph, using such a low level tactic to sow distrust, so ridiculous!”


“Quick, this old thief is telling us not to help him, so we need to give even more primeval stones.”


“Everything depends on our Lord Ancestor!”


