Chapter 197: Changing Fate!


The Gu Yue founder continued to devour primeval stones, crushing them between his jaws.

Bai Ning Bing watched coldly.

But Fang Yuan moved. Rather than just observing, he chose a different path.

“Lord Ancestor, the situation is dire. I offer you the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus!” He was the picture of sincerity as he approached, his expression a mix of helplessness and determination.

The founder laughed heartily. “Very good, as expected of my descendant. Such filial piety, as your ancestor, I am very happy!”

He had long wanted the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus, and had even sent some Bladewing Blood Bats after Fang Yuan in hopes of getting it, but Fang Yuan never gave him a chance to obtain it.

However, right now, he suspected nothing.

Firstly, he had not explicitly come into conflict with Fang Yuan. He claimed that he was trying to protect Fang Yuan when he sent the bats after him earlier.

Secondly, Fang Yuan had taken the initiative to grab the white eyebrows and had encouraged others to do so, assisting the founder in the battle of primeval essence expenditure. His actions had caused others who were wavering to make up their minds. The founder remembered this act of loyalty vividly.

Lastly, under the current circumstances, Fang Yuan’s only hope lay in the founder. Only with his ancestor’s assistance could Lord Sky Crane be defeated and his life spared. The founder did not believe that Fang Yuan would ruin his own chances of survival by attacking him.

Thus, as Fang Yuan approached, the Gu Yue founder laughed. “With the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus, my chances of victory have increased by at least twenty percent. All of you, move away, let him in!”

“Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus?” Lord Sky Crane exclaimed in shock from outside the barrier. “You mustn’t do it!”

As everyone watched, Fang Yuan arrived next to the founder.

“Lord Ancestor, I have thought it through! You were the one who created our village, it was your work that allowed all of us to exist today. And just as you did back then, you continue to lead our clan towards brilliance. There is no one more suitable to use the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus than you.” His words were full of admiration, his tone excited and nervous.

The founder nodded continuously, thinking, This lad is good with words. Too bad I still have to kill him later for his blood.

But at that moment!

Fang Yuan lowered his body and struck.

He grabbed the Gu Yue founder, his waist flexing as he turned his body.

He opened his mouth and growled, using all his might, together with the strength of two boars, to throw!

Swish!

He threw the founder out of the blood bubble.

Dead silence!

It was as if time had stopped.

Outside the barrier, there was a gentle breeze. The Gu Yue founder smashed into the ground, his red hair dancing playfully in the wind, as he stared blankly. He couldn’t understand what had just happened.

In front of him, less than ten paces away, was Lord Sky Crane.

The old man’s face was still locked in an expression of fury and anxiety, fearing what would happen if his senior brother obtained the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus. Never would he have expected that, in the very next moment, such a drastic change would occur.

He, too, was stunned, staring blankly at the Gu Yue founder before him.

Though they were mortal enemies, Lord Sky Crane was in a daze, like he was asleep.

Within the blood bubble, everyone stood motionless.

Some stood with their mouths open so wide that they could swallow a fist. Some stared with their eyes almost bulging out of their skulls.

Even Bai Ning Bing had lost his composure. He gawked at Fang Yuan, dumbfounded.

Only when a half-destroyed bamboo building suddenly collapsed inside the barrier did everyone jolt awake.

“Wha…what…what the fuck!” someone swore.

“Fang Yuan, what dumb shit did you do!” someone shouted as he pointed at Fang Yuan, his entire body trembling.

“Lord Ancestor!!” someone screamed, attempting to rush to the founder and pull him back inside, only to be stopped by the blood barrier.

The founder finally reacted, screaming as he lay there on the ground. “Despicable thief! You dare lie to your ancestor! I will tear you to shreds!”

“Hahaha…” Amidst the frightened individuals, someone laughed.

It was none other than Bai Ning Bing.

He laughed till his tears came out and gave Fang Yuan a thumbs up. “Interesting, interesting, truly spectacular!”

“Fang Yuan, are you crazy?”

“Fang Yuan, you harmed the founder, you schemed even against the founder, are you still human?!”

“Eeeeeh?! Fang Yuan must’ve been bribed by that old man. You spy, you traitor!!”

The surrounding people pointed at him in rage, but Fang Yuan lightly laughed. “I am rank three peak stage. Who dares to kill me? Who can kill me?”

Right now, within the blood barrier, there were few rank three Gu Masters. They had little primeval essence left due to previous battles and the white eyebrows, and they had even given up their primeval stones. As for the rest, they were either mortals or rank one or two Gu Masters.

Without the founder inside the barrier, Fang Yuan truly was unstoppable.

“Hehehe.” Fang Yuan laughed as he bent down and picked up two Gu worms.

In his left hand, he held the Blood Skull Gu, and in his right, he carried the Yin Yang Rotation Gu. They had been refined by the Gu Yue founder, but right now they were covered in a thin layer of yellow light, sealed by Problem Nipped in the Bud Gu. They could not respond to the founder’s desperate mental commands.

But this seal was an obstacle to Fang Yuan as well.

He wanted to break the seal and refine these two Gu. But if he brute-forced it, the Gu would be destroyed.

It was different from the Blood Curtain Skyflower Gu. In that case, the Gu had to be destroyed to be used, so breaking the seal was the same as using it.

But Fang Yuan was not worried.

He knew what would happen next. Both the Demon Suppression Iron Chain Gu and Problem Nipped in the Bud Gu would be corrupted by Blood Frenzy Gu, and they would transform into puddles of blood and die.

“Hahaha, my good senior brother, to think your day would go so terribly! Hand over your life!” Lord Sky Crane howled, rushing into the sky and striking towards the founder.

The Gu Yue founder was still suppressed by the iron chains and could not move. He was nothing but a sitting duck.

He cursed furiously as he howled and struggled.

Suddenly, the iron chains binding him turned into a puddle of blood. With his freedom regained, he flew into the air and crashed against the blood bubble.

With a loud bang, he was, without question, blocked.

He had refined the Blood Curtain Skyflower; it was his greatest invention. It had superb defense, but once used, it could not be moved or turned off. And he could only exit the barrier, not enter it.

“You brat, you will die a painful death!” the founder raged, his fury greater than a tsunami.

Lord Sky Crane naturally chased him, laughing wildly.

The founder could only give up on the blood barrier and turn to resist Lord Sky Crane. He had absorbed many primeval stones earlier and had ample primeval essence. Even though he was at a disadvantage, he could still stabilize the situation.

“Lord Ancestor, good luck!”

“Lord Ancestor, we are cheering for you!”

“Ancestor, you are our only hope…”

The battle between the two rank five Gu Masters attracted everyone’s attention. Fang Yuan, however, turned to look at Bai Ning Bing.

The current situation was a battle between tigers, while Fang Yuan was a mere rabbit. Both Lord Sky Crane and the Gu Yue founder were crafty old foxes. There was a slim chance he could find a situation where they injured each other to his benefit.

Neither of them were stupid. They wouldn’t let the adrenaline get to their heads.

Moreover, the blood bubble could only protect them for a little while. Once it expired, everyone inside including him would be slaughtered by either Lord Sky Crane or the founder.

He had already rebirthed, thus the Spring Autumn Cicada had weakened once again and could not be used.

Right now, he could only try to grow as strong as possible, exerting all his effort to fight for a chance to survive.

Fang Yuan already had a plan. But that plan required the cooperation of one crucial person: Bai Ning Bing. The Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique’s self-detonation would greatly affect the outcome of the battle. Especially when the two rank fives were weakening each other outside the barrier.

But how was he going to convince him?

Bai Ning Bing sensed Fang Yuan’s gaze and turned to look at him.

Amidst the crowd, they stared at each other.

Fang Yuan, in his black robe, with his black hair and eyes, revealed a devilish smile.

“I have a way to resolve the problem of your Extreme Physique, and to resurrect you,” he said.

Bai Ning Bing’s body shuddered. He obviously wanted to live. “What method?”

However, Fang Yuan did not answer him. “But this method does not have much chance of success, it is highly likely that it will fail.”

Yet these words made Bai Ning Bing even more convinced.

Fang Yuan continued, “But I think that even if we fail, it will allow your final moments to be as spectacular as you could hope for.”

Bai Ning Bing was moved.

Fang Yuan, in the space of three sentences, targeted his heart’s innermost desires, convincing him!

He was also smart, and after thinking for a moment, he directly asked, “Then what do I need to do?”

Fang Yuan’s smile disappeared. At the same time, the Problem Nipped in the Bud Gu turned into a puddle of blood.

The seal on the Blood Skull Gu and Yin Yang Rotation Gu vanished, and they were about to fly away, but Fang Yuan held them tight.

He used the Spring Autumn Cicada’s aura. These two Gu were merely rank four, and they were immediately tamed. Fang Yuan injected his primeval essence and refined them, turning them into his!

“What? Fuck!” Outside the blood bubble, the founder’s head hurt as he lost his connection with the two Gu.

He was beyond shocked. He lost his composure and rushed towards the blood barrier!

“How can this be? How could you refine my Gu worms so quickly!” the founder howled miserably, attacking the blood bubble in a frenzy.

Fang Yuan had stolen food from a tiger’s mouth. It was a fatal blow to the founder.

Everyone took a step back in fear. The Gu Yue founder’s eyes burned as he lashed out like a fierce beast caught in a trap.

But in moments, Lord Sky Crane attacked.

The founder immediately turned. “I want you to die, I want you to die!” He struck like a man gone mad, abandoning any attempt at defense, unleashing all his anger on Lord Sky Crane.

Lord Sky Crane was taken aback as he took an attack head-on.

The two fought it out again as the battle slowly reached its climax.

Fang Yuan laughed loudly and turned to Bai Ning Bing. “Come, kill them all with me!”

Before he finished speaking, he had already moved. The Chainsaw Golden Centipede’s sawteeth roared, and he cut a nearby Gu Master in half!

Then he activated the Blood Skull Gu, absorbing the blood.

