Chapter 198: Ruthless and Cruel to Profit From Disaster


“Fang Yuan, what are you doing?”

“Quickly stop, the enemy is before us, how can we fight among ourselves?”

“Stop now, otherwise…urgh!”

Everyone was shocked. Fang Yuan had ruthlessly slaughtered a fellow clansman.

“I am only killing Gu Yue clansmen, outsiders fuck off! Otherwise I’ll kill you as well!” Fang Yuan roared.

Everyone was stunned and retreated, not expecting Fang Yuan to be so crazy.

“Fang Yuan has lost it!”

“He’s gone mad, quickly, attack him together!”

“Indeed, if this goes on, we’ll be slaughtered by Fang Yuan before Lord Ancestor even defeats the enemy…”

It was like Fang Yuan had stabbed a beehive, causing everyone to stir. However, none of them dared to attack. They could only shout and encourage others to fight.

“Hahaha, interesting!” Bai Ning Bing laughed loudly, suddenly attacking and killing someone beside him.

“Lord Bai Ning Bing, you!” The victim was a Bai clansman.

“Oh no, Lord Bai Ning Bing has lost it too!” everyone shouted.

Fang Yuan’s eyes focused on Bai Ning Bing. He hadn’t expected him to change so drastically.

Bai Ning Bing laughed maniacally. “Since you can kill your own clansmen, I can’t lose to you. Too many have died. The Bai Clan’s future is already ruined, and the village can no longer survive. The clan leader that I was indebted to is dead as well. I might as well kill them now and enjoy the fun.”

“Hehehe, excellent,” Fang Yuan laughed heartily. His body moved quickly as he began his slaughter.

Since these clansmen were going to die anyway, they might as well die at his hands and raise his aptitude rather than the founder’s.

How could the people trapped in the blood bubble be a match for Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing together? Especially when Bai Ning Bing was so close to death. He was much stronger, and slew even more people than Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan extracted their blood.

After killing a hundred people, the Blood Skull Gu reached its limit, the crystal skull a deep crimson.

Fang Yuan laughed heartily, activating it and raising it over his head.

The teeth opened, and a fragrant waterfall of blood drenched him from head to toe.

Fang Yuan basked in the discomfort and breathed in deeply, savoring the moment.

His black robe and black hair, together with his body bathed in blood, made him look like a demon out of hell. The people around him recoiled in fear.

My aptitude really increased! Fang Yuan’s aptitude was only 44% C grade originally, but after the Man-Beast Life Burial Gu, it had dropped to 42%. But now, as his aperture was bathed in blood, his aptitude rose by 10% and reached 52%!

It is indeed a great treasure, no wonder the founder treated it like his life! Fang Yuan opened his eyes, nodded in satisfaction, and began another round of slaughter.

The two caused much bloodshed within the blood barrier.

It was a massacre.

“Fang Yuan, you madman!” Gu Yue Mo Yan screamed as she rushed up.

Fang Yuan dodged her attack and raised his Chainsaw Golden Centipede before swinging it down.

The young woman was split in half.

“Fang Yuan, let us go please, we’re your uncle and aunt!” Gu Yue Dong Tu and his wife begged as they kneeled before him.

Fang Yuan laughed coldly and waved his left hand. A blood-red moonblade shot out and beheaded them.

The Blood Skull Gu absorbed the Gu Yue clansmen’s blood and poured it out over Fang Yuan’s body.

What a pleasure… Fang Yuan closed his eyes, breathing in deeply. He felt warmth coursing through him, causing his mind to become sharper, like he had been reborn.

His aptitude rose again, becoming 62%!

40-59% was C grade, 60-79% was B grade, and 80% and above was A grade.

Fang Yuan had officially left C grade and become a B grade talent!

But my cultivation dropped… Fang Yuan opened his eyes, his expression solemn.

Fang Yuan’s aptitude had risen to B grade, but his cultivation had dropped from rank three to rank two.

Strange!

The Gu Yue founder had retained his cultivation level as his aptitude rose, so why was it that when Fang Yuan used the Blood Skull Gu, he lost his?

This should be due to the Stone Aperture Gu! Fang Yuan sighed in his heart.

Using it had squeezed out all the potential in his aperture, causing his cultivation to rise to rank three peak stage. Meanwhile, the Blood Skull Gu injected refined blood into his aperture, raising its potential and increasing his aptitude.

These two Gu were undeniably at odds.

But the Blood Skull Gu was rank four, while the Stone Aperture Gu was rank three. The higher rank dominated the lower, causing Fang Yuan’s aperture to transform from stone back to light. However, the cultivation increase that the stone aperture brought was also disappearing, even reverting to a stage worse than before he’d used it.

This was something he hadn’t accounted for.

But Bai Ning Bing was still getting stronger, and he slaughtered everyone before him. Thus, Fang Yuan was able to conserve his strength and stop attacking. He just collected the blood from the corpses.

The Gu Yue founder saw his descendants being slaughtered from outside the barrier and screamed in rage, but to no avail.

He had founded a clan and waited for hundreds of years for this moment, planning to kill his descendants to raise his aptitude. But in the end, after scheming for so many years, someone else benefited from it.

This lad is so young yet so ruthless. He’s even more demonic than his ancestor! Even Lord Sky Crane was shocked at the sight.

The slaughter continued, until six hours later.

Fang Yuan’s cultivation had dropped to rank one initial stage, but his aperture walls were once again made of light, able to recover primeval essence without assistance.

He had bathed in blood over ten times, and towards the end, the effect had weakened. The first few raised his aptitude by 10%, but the percentage continued to fall.

In the end, his aptitude had increased from 42% to 90%.

90%, A grade aptitude!

A grade aptitude!!

In the five hundred years of my previous life, I only managed to raise my aptitude from C to B after two hundred years by pure chance. To think that this time, I benefited from a disaster and rose to A grade. Fang Yuan clenched his fist, secretly excited.

Bai Ning Bing finished killing and walked over. “What do we do next?”

Only the two of them were left. The rest, whether they were Gu Masters or mortals, had all been slaughtered.

Of those left outside the barrier, none had been spared. They were collateral damage in the battle between the two rank five experts.

On the mountain, only four remained: the two inside the barrier, and the two outside.

Fang Yuan looked outside and casually said, “Next, we wait for the Gu Yue founder to be defeated and the Blood Curtain Skyflower to vanish.”

“And then?” Bai Ning Bing pressed.

“Then?” Fang Yuan turned around and looked at Bai Ning Bing, then he smiled. “Then you can go and die.”

Bai Ning Bing was stunned.

“Oh? What do you mean?” His eyes immediately narrowed, projecting dangerous killing intent.

“The Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique’s self-detonation will be extremely strong. Even though your cultivation is weak, and the chances are not high, you should be able to harm a rank five expert. After detonating, will you be able to control the direction of the snow and frost?” Fang Yuan asked, smiling.

“How would I know?” Bai Ning Bing’s lips twitched. “I’ve never self-detonated before!”

“I know you can!” Fang Yuan laughed heartily, patting his chest. The image of Bai Ning Bing’s previous self-detonation involuntarily appeared in his mind, as well as his final words.

Live for me, and witness the brilliance of this world!

“I will remain beside you. After you detonate, and when the time is ripe, I will save your life and resurrect you,” Fang Yuan continued.

“What if you can’t?”

“Hehehe.” Fang Yuan laughed indifferently. “Then you need to gamble. When you detonate, I will be right there. If you suspect my sincerity, you can send the ice storm to kill me. You must have noticed that my cultivation has fallen to rank one initial stage. At that time, I will have no way to survive.

“But even if you believe that I want to resurrect you, I could be lying about having a method. I might have no way to do so. Thus, you need to decide how to bet. The choice you make depends not only on what you’re thinking right now, but what you’re thinking in the moment before you die.”

Bai Ning Bing was solemn.

Fang Yuan was telling him to gamble. But wasn’t Fang Yuan wagering his life as well? Whether he survived or not fully depended on Bai Ning Bing’s thoughts.

“Hehe. So exciting. So very exciting! Then I shall bet on it, haha!” A moment later, Bai Ning Bing raised his head and laughed loudly.

Fang Yuan ignored him, concentrating on the battle outside the blood bubble.

As expected, the Gu Yue founder was at a disadvantage, suppressed by Lord Sky Crane.

Although he had replenished his primeval essence, he still couldn’t recover it naturally, so in a drawn-out battle, how could he compete?

Moreover, Lord Sky Crane was familiar with his senior brother’s methods, so he would not allow him to recover the advantage.

“I’M SO FUCKING FURIOUS!” the founder shrieked. “Little thief, you destroyed my thousand year plan! I’ll spare you today, but one day I will return and kill the hell out of you!”

With that angry declaration, the founder flapped his wings and fled into the skies.

“Don’t think of leaving!” Lord Sky Crane quickly turned into a flash of light and chased after him relentlessly.

Without their intense battle, the mountain instantly fell quiet.

This would be the best time to leave, but the blood barrier became a huge obstacle.

•••

Four hours later, the blood bubble had thinned and was about to vanish.

But at that moment, a white light flew over, turning into Lord Sky Crane.

He was covered in injuries. A wound stretched from his left shoulder to his waist, so deep that his bones could be seen, and it overflowed with poisonous purple-red blood. But his face was overjoyed as he gloried in the fact that he had finally achieved his revenge.

In his right hand was a bloody skull. It was the founder’s!

“He actually managed to kill the Gu Yue founder?” Bai Ning Bing said in astonishment.

Fang Yuan laughed instead. “It seems this old man hates the founder to his core. Hehe, he definitely paid a heavy price.”

As they spoke, the blood barrier vanished. There were no longer any obstacles between them.

“Little thief, quickly hand over those two Gu worms. I am still in a good mood now, I might spare your lives. Otherwise, you will die without a resting place!” Lord Sky Crane flew into the sky and looked down at them, laughing loudly.

Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing looked at each other and chuckled. They didn’t reply.

Lord Sky Crane flew into a rage. “Good lads, refusing my offer only to taste defeat. You deserve to be killed!”

Before he finished speaking, he had already turned into a ray of white light and attacked.

Bai Ning Bing laughed grandly, stepping forward to meet him. “I was waiting for you!”

His body lost all color, and he turned into an ice sculpture.

Cold wind roared, turning into a hurricane of frost. Ice filled the sky as an endless glacier rose from his body.

“This is!” Lord Sky Crane was caught completely by surprise, and in moments he was engulfed and sealed in the ice.

