Chapter 1982: Xia Clans Catastrophe


Eastern Sea.


Reflecting shadow sea area.


The surface of the sea was like a smooth mirror without waves. Even when winds howled, the seawater remained unmoving.


Xia clan Gu Immortal Xia Zheng Qing was stationed here.


Reflecting shadow sea area was a giant resource point, it produced dark path and rule path cultivation resources in large quantities. Even though Xia clan primarily cultivated water path, these resources could be traded for huge profits.


Xia Zheng Qing was in closed cultivation now, suddenly, alarms rang in the formation around him.


“Is there an ancient desolate fish attacking the territory again?” Xia Zheng Qing initially thought that the sea beasts were causing chaos, he flew out of the formation.


But next, his entire body shook as he realized: “Enemies are attacking!”


Three rank seven Gu Immortals charged towards him together.


Xia Zheng Qing quickly activated the defensive formation.


At this time, there was a loud explosion as the formation shattered, a hairy man Gu Immortal carrying a huge hammer was covered in golden light as he charged into the formation, causing destruction!




Xia Zheng Qing spat out a mouthful of blood, looking fearful.


He immediately realized that the three immortals earlier were a distraction, this person was their main force.


“A rank eight hairy man Gu Immortal?” Xia Zheng Qing knew that he was not their match, he quickly transmitted to the clan as he activated the inner immortal formation, teleporting himself away.


At the next moment, he was transported to somewhere a thousand li away from the formation.


“Hahaha, he was transported here after all. Great Wisdom, very impressive.” Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch praised.


Great Wisdom Immortal Mother shook her head: “If not for Lord Alliance Leader’s precise information, how could I have made such accurate deductions?”


Xia Zheng Qing took a look and felt despair!


There were two variant human Gu Immortals here, they both had rank eight cultivation level.


“Since when did rank eight Gu Immortals become so common?”


“Three variant human rank eights!”




Xia Zheng Qing could not believe it, he gritted his teeth: “Who are you people? Why are you going against our Eastern Sea’s Xia clan?”


Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch could not be bothered to talk with him, he waved his hand, his killer move was unleashed.


Xia Zheng Qing only had rank seven cultivation level, how could he resist a rank eight killer move, he was instantly frozen in ice.


Eastern Sea Xia clan’s headquarters, Hot Springs blessed land.


“Oh no! A strong group of enemies attacked, reflecting shadow sea is lost, even though Xia Zheng Qing used the immortal formation to escape, we have lost all contact with him!”


Xia Zheng Qing’s call for help had reached Xia clan.


Most of Xia clan’s Gu Immortals were gathered in the headquarters, they did not expect such bad news to appear out of nowhere.


“As the saying goes, while a person stays in their house, calamity descends from the sky!”


“Xia Zheng Qing sent information that there are both human and variant human Gu Immortals among the enemies, among them is a rank eight hairy man.”


“Where did these people come from?”


“I’m afraid they are forces from black and white heaven. During the qi tide rampage, grotto-heavens are all exposed. To think there are still so many variant humans left, they even came to create trouble for us!”


“This is somewhat understandable. If they do not grasp onto this chance, when the qi tides subside, the five regions will investigate the grotto-heavens of black and white heaven. If we find any variant human force with rank eight Gu Immortals, we will exterminate them.”


“Hehe, back then, even Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable could not find all of the hidden variant human grotto-heavens. But now that the world has changed, these variant humans are forced to expose themselves.”


Xia clan’s Gu Immortals were not flustered, even though the information said that there was a rank eight variant human Gu Immortal, they still had an Immortal Gu Houses to resist the enemy.


But soon, more bad news came.


Light ripple sea and shooting fish sea were also taken down by these variant human Gu Immortals! The Xia clan Gu Immortals defending the two resource points were even weaker, they did not even manage to send any information over before losing contact.


Xia clan’s Gu Immortals were furious.


“We need to teach these variant human Gu Immortals a lesson!”


“Mere variant humans dare to bully us human super forces.”


“Hmph, Whom the heavens would destroy, they first make mad. These variant humans have gone insane.”


“First supreme elder, let use mobilize both Immortal Gu Houses and kill them all!”


“Yes, our clan’s three Gu Immortals have fallen into their hands. We need to save our clansmen and take revenge for this humiliation!!”


The Gu Immortals were filled with fighting spirit, they requested to fight.


Xia clan’s first supreme elder was Xia Rui Zhi, hearing the Gu Immortals’ words, his face was dark.


He shook his head: “It is not wise to attack now! We lost three resource points at once, these are all important places, we have powerful immortal formations protecting them. It is not normal that we lost them so quickly.”


“Our clan does not have rank eight Gu Immortals defending us. If we mobilize both Immortal Gu Houses, our headquarters will be severely weakened. Right now, we are close to completing the Human Sea, we cannot be complacent!”


“In my opinion, we should defend ourselves fully until we complete Human Sea. By then, our foundation will rise greatly, we will be one of the top Eastern Sea forces. By then, dealing with the variant humans will have much greater effect.”


Even though Xia Rui Zhi only had rank seven cultivation level, he had high reputation, after hearing his words, Xia clan’s Gu Immortals felt that it was logical, they no longer had such a strong desire to fight.


But at the next moment, a thunderous sound erupted as an Immortal Gu House broke through the defensive barrier, entering Xia clan’s public blessed land.


“Eastern Sea’s Xia clan, today, you will face extermination!” The door of the Immortal Gu House opened as Wu Shuai and the other grotto-heaven Gu Immortals appeared.


Xia clan saw this group of enemies, fear and shock became plastered on their faces.


“Dragon Palace!”


“Wu Shuai!!”


“So many variant human rank eights, oh heavens!”


Xia clan’s Gu Immortals turned pale, they were immensely fearful.


But Wu Shuai did not give them time to accept reality, he waved his hand: “Attack!”


Thus, at the next moment, the rank eights around him charged down and attacked.


Seeing this terrifying scene, Xia clan’s Gu Immortals felt their vision turning dark, some almost fainted on the spot.


Such a group completely overwhelmed and dominated Xia clan’s Gu Immortals.


Xia clan did not have a single rank eight while Wu Shuai had more than ten, how could they fight?


“My Xia clan’s blessed land is not Heavenly Court, why are there so many rank eight Gu Immortals attacking us?!” Xia Rui Zhi mumbled, facing such a strong foe, he felt despair.


“The enemies are too strong, we must retreat!” At this time, female immortal Xia Ying shouted at the Xia clan immortals.


Xia Rui Zhi shook as he gritted his teeth: “Go, we will leave, let’s get into the Immortal Gu Houses!”


Xia clan had two Immortal Gu Houses, they were both rank seven.


One was Whale Fishing Boat, the other was Golden Star Tower.


“You want to leave? Not so easy!”


“None of you will escape.”


The variant human Gu Immortals attacked quickly, unleashing a myriad of attacks, the explosions resounded heaven and earth.


At the crucial moment, Xia Ying dodged an attack, managing to enter Golden Star Tower.


But she did not escape, she steered Golden Star Tower and went in front: “Everyone, leave, I will block them!”


Golden Star Tower charged relentlessly, using killer moves, golden stars shot out everywhere, the variant humans quickly dodged them.


The remaining Xia clan Gu Immortals found the chance and went into Whale Fishing Boat, escaping their headquarters.




