Chapter 1985: Truly Incredible


While Wu Shuai and the rest were splitting up the fortune of Xia clan, the atmosphere inside Whale Fishing Boat was grim and sad.


“First supreme elder, what do we do now?”


“The enemies are too powerful, there are more than ten rank eights, there was no way we could defend our headquarters!”


“Especially their leader Wu Shuai! If we retaliate, there is little hope of success.”


“Sigh, it is a pity that Xia Ying and the rest sacrificed themselves.”


Xia clan’s Gu Immortals were furious and helpless, they felt that the future was bleak.


Xia clan’s first supreme elder Xia Rui Zhi snorted coldly: “I don’t care who the enemy is, be it Wu Shuai or the rank eight Gu Immortals of the two heavens, they should not have taken our Xia clan’s territory. They will not stay arrogant for long! We are going to get help from Eastern Sea’s righteous path.”


“Hmph, so be it if they are human Gu Immortals. But they are mostly variant human Gu Immortals with Wu Shuai leading them, we have already kept a copy of the battle scene, it is the best evidence against them. Eastern Sea’s righteous path and even the five regions’ righteous path will not allow this group of variant humans to grow stronger and larger!”


Xia clan’s Gu Immortals heard this, they recovered a bit of their morale.


Seeking reinforcements was the only way out, but the important thing to consider was which clan to approach.


Xia clan was situated at the eastern most area of Eastern Sea, towards their west was the Merman Imperial Court, towards the southeast was Tang clan, and towards the northeast was Xie clan. These three were not good targets to request for help.




The three of them were directly connected to Xia clan in territory, Xia clan’s relationship with the Merman Imperial Court was best but they were variant humans. Even though there were no mermen in the battle earlier, Xia clan did not dare to take the risk.


As for Tang clan and Xie clan, these two clans had conflict with Xia clan during normal times, if they went to ask these two clans for help, Xia clan’s Gu Immortals would not want to face their mockery.


After a round of discussion, Xia clan’s Gu Immortals moved in Whale Fishing Boat, they carefully went past the Merman Imperial Court, approaching Shen clan, which was further west, for help.


But because of this, their journey became much longer.


During Xia clan’s journey to seek help, information that they were invaded by Gu Immortals of the two heavens spread like wildfire in treasure yellow heaven, it shook the world.


“There are so many rank eight Gu Immortals among the variant humans! Is this information reliable?”


“It is nothing strange. Be it black heaven or white heaven, each of them is as large as the five regions together.”


“These damned variant humans are hidden too deeply!”


“They are too daring, they dared to wage war on our human forces, they are courting death!”


“The thing that makes me angrier is that among these people, there are human Gu Immortals. What are they thinking? They are betraying their own race!”




At once, all of the Gu Immortals in the world discussed this matter.


Shen clan was no exception.


The letter requesting help from Xia clan had already reached Shen clan.


This was an important matter, Shen clan’s first supreme elder, Shen Cong Sheng, called all the Gu Immortals for a meeting.


“The reason why Xia clan is asking our Shen clan for help is obvious, there is no need to explain it. But should our Shen clan help them? Everyone, tell me your view.” Shen Cong Sheng said.


“The enemy is too strong, why must our Shan clan face such a strong foe alone? Remember that Wu Shuai has Dragon Palace and Di Zang Sheng, he even possesses dream path methods, their battle strength is too overwhelming.”


“That’s right, and even more worrying is that Wu Shuai has a relationship with Fang Yuan. Nobody knows how good their relationship is, but we know that they are close. If we target Wu Shuai, we might cause the great demon Fang Yuan to come after us!”


Shen Cong Sheng nodded: “You are correct.”


He did not show any change of expression.


During the blue dragon whale trip, he had cooperated with Fang Yuan. But because they worked in secrecy, even Shen clan’s Gu Immortals did not know about it, Shen Cong Sheng could preserve his clan’s reputation as a result.


“I feel that we cannot refuse to help Xia clan! Xia clan is also a member of the righteous path, they came all this way to ask us for help, if we do not agree, what would Xia clan think of us? What would Eastern Sea think of us? What would the whole five regions think of us?”


“I agree, this is not just a conflict between us humans, this is the battle between humans and variant humans! If Shen clan does not show a clear stance, the people of the world will accuse us of our inaction.”


Shen Cong Sheng nodded: “This is correct too. But the enemy is too strong, they have more than ten rank eights and even Wu Shuai leading them. Even if we have Ancestor Shen Shang here, we cannot resist such a group of enemies.”


After the fate war, Shen Shang went missing after going insane. Even though Shen clan wanted to find their Ancestor Shen Shang, they did not succeed.


The entire world was watching now, it was likely that news in treasure yellow heaven had spread from Xia clan themselves.


Xia clan was using this method to force Eastern Sea’s righteous path forces to help them.


With the entire world watching, Shen clan had to help Xia clan. But Wu Shuai’s group was simply too powerful, they were too terrifying.


Even though Shen clan was a super force, against the allied forces of two heavens, it still felt very wary and unsure.


“Elders, I have a plan to resolve this problem.” Ren Xiu Ping spoke.


After returning from the blue dragon whale trip, Ren Xiu Ping became Shen clan’s external supreme elder. Ren Xiu Ping was a person who followed the rules and kept a low profile, but now that they were in this situation, if Shen clan falls and chaos descends, he would also be implicated.


Ren Xiu Ping continued: “Wu Shuai has very high strength, but in this current Eastern Sea, there is another ancestor capable of resisting the Evil Dragon.”


“You mean to say that person in qi sea?” Someone’s eyes brightened up.


“Indeed, Qi Sea Ancestor.” Ren Xiu Ping nodded.


“Good plan, let’s do that.” Shen Cong Sheng laughed and clapped, deciding on the spot.


For the next few days, Xia clan arrived in Shen clan, they wanted to borrow strength to reclaim their territory. Shen Cong Sheng came out to speak to them, they attended to Xia clan’s members warmly.


But when asked to fight against Wu Shuai, Shen Cong Sheng said that he had too little strength, he suggested that they should gather more righteous path forces.


Currently, qi tides were surging everywhere, almost all the five regions’ Gu Immortals were recuperating and resting, they did not dare to move abruptly.


Thus, Eastern Sea’s righteous path could not use much of its strength now.


But Shen Cong Sheng suggested that Xia clan should inform Qi Sea Ancestor of this situation, they should request for the ancestor to uphold justice for them.


Shen Cong Sheng copied Xia clan, before they asked Qi Sea Ancestor for help, they already published the news in treasure yellow heaven.


Thus, the entire world’s attention went to qi sea.


Almost all the Gu Immortals were waiting to see Qi Sea Ancestor’s response.


All the human Gu Immortals were hoping that Qi Sea Ancestor would step up as the senior of the rank eights, the person who resisted Duke Long on equal footing, he had the responsibility to lead them.


But many people were pessimistic about it. Because Qi Sea Ancestor was a secluded cultivator, he had an ambiguous relationship with the righteous path and demonic path, he had even worked with Fang Yuan before. From this aspect, there was quite a chance that Qi Sea Ancestor would not entertain these worldly affairs.


Qi Sea Ancestor’s response was rapid.


He announced in treasure yellow heaven: “There are those of other races having such motives, first there was Primordial Origin, now there is Qi Sea, we will not let these variant humans with ulterior motives bear roots here on our soil!”


Once he said that, the world world resounded with praises.


Qi Sea Ancestor, you are truly incredible!




