Chapter 1989: Demon Judgment Board Lord


“To think that the qi tide would come at such a crucial moment.” Prince Feng Xian wore a golden cape, he sighed in pity.


Beside him was a female immortal of Heavenly Court, she was Bai Cang Shui, she said with deep meaning: “Isn’t that a good thing?”


Besides them, Gu Yue Fang Zheng was also here.


These three Gu Immortals were currently inside rank eight Immortal Gu House Demon Judgment Board, they were not in Central Continent, they had entered immemorial black heaven.


Gu Yue Fang Zheng’s expression changed slightly, he knew the deeper meaning that Bai Cang Shui was pointing out.


He could not help but think back to the instructions and arrangements that Qin Ding Ling gave him before leaving Heavenly Court.


“You and Gu Yue Fang Yuan were born together and counter each other, you are the arrangement of the Heavenly Dao. Even if Fang Yuan changes his body, this relationship will not change. Precisely so, you will lead the expedition this time, bring Prince Feng Xian and Bai Cang Shui to launch a sneak attack on the headquarters of the variant human grotto-heavens in the two heavens!”


Qin Ding Ling cultivated luck path, she placed great importance on Gu Yue Fang Zheng, knowing that the lucks of Gu Yue Fang Zheng and Fang Yuan were tightly connected, she could sense that they countered each other.


And facts proved this.


Qin Ding Ling’s awakening, the discovery of the dragonman blessed land, they were all variables that suppressed Fang Yuan.


Right now, Heavenly Court lost in the fate war, Duke Long died, Feng Jiu Ge betrayed them, the immortal graveyard was destroyed, while Star Constellation’s will had no response. The great Heavenly Court was at its weakest moment for the last million years.




Qin Ding Ling temporarily led Heavenly Court, she naturally had to make use of all the available strength to defend themselves and resist enemies.


Thus, the stronger Fang Yuan was, the more focus Qin Ding Ling placed on Fang Zheng.


In order to nurture Fang Zheng, Qin Ding Ling spared no expense on immortal materials, she even let him lead this expedition to train his leadership skill.


Fang Zheng was not a youngster anymore, he knew that this was an unprecedented opportunity that was rarely seen in thousands of years. Even though Heavenly Court lost, their foundation was still unfathomable, with such a huge organization supporting him, he had to grasp it.


Fang Zheng still had rank seven cultivation level now, he had not reached the condition to join Heavenly Court, thus, his rank seven blessed land was not handed over to them. The truth was, Qin Ding Ling needed him to grow stronger, thus, even when he becomes a rank eight Gu Immortal in the future, as long as he still had room for improvement, Qin Ding Ling would not make him give up his immortal aperture. After all, the Gu Immortal’s growth would almost completely halt after getting a phantom aperture.


“Senior Bai is right! Currently, with Qi Sea Ancestor and Wu Shuai stuck in battle, it is our best opportunity to launch an attack. Let’s go now.”


Gu Yue Fang Zheng spoke as he acted swiftly.


Rank eight Immortal Gu House Demon Judgment Board was immediately activated, it turned into a blood colored meteor that pierced through the grotto-heaven wall with a loud sound, entering Great Wisdom grotto-heaven directly!


The three immortals in Demon Judgment Board looked at Great Wisdom grotto-heaven, it had a beautiful scenery of lush mountains and flowing rivers. Inkmen lived here harmoniously, they had peaceful lives, there were many people here, it was a flourishing habitat.


A thick blood red light spread out rapidly from Demon Judgment Board, spreading throughout the world.




The essence of an Immortal Gu House was immortal killer moves, it was constructed using Immortal Gu and mortal Gu. According to the different Gu worms used, with different structures, Immortal Gu Houses had their own specialties.


Demon Judgment Board had great might, it showed a solid performance during the fate war. It was able to fight directly and managed to survive the war, this showed that Demon Judgment Board was one of the top rank eight Immortal Gu Houses in the world.


At this moment, Demon Judgment Board was unleashing an information path ability that had not been used in the fate war.


Wherever the blood red light went, all sorts of information gathered into Demon Judgment Board like a waterfall, before entering the minds of the three immortals.


Prince Feng Xian frowned, showing a look of hatred and disgust: “The inkmen here actually captured humans secretly and exploited them as slaves, they truly deserve death. These variant humans should all die! Let’s kill these ones here and soul search them first.”


But Bai Cang Shui shook her head: “These are just mortals, even if we soul search them, they would not know many secrets of the higher-ups. We should give them a taste of their own medicine, let’s enslave them all and sell them as slaves in treasure yellow heaven, not only can we replenish Heavenly Court’s reserves with this, it can also display the authority of our Heavenly Court.”


Fang Zheng frowned on the inside.


He had once lived for many years in Lang Ya blessed land with the hairy men due to Fang Yuan, he experienced the culture of the variant humans.


Even though these inkmen treated humans as slaves, he was still unwilling to kill the innocent.


But Fang Zheng did not rebuke the two immortals, instead he said: “These mortal inkmen are not important, the key now is to rapidly kill the inkman Gu Immortals here. Let’s take a look at this list of the Demon Judgment Board!”


A new list on the Demon Judgment Board appeared, the names of the inkman Gu Immortals inside Great Wisdom grotto-heaven were clearly written on it.


“Let’s go!” Fang Zheng shouted resolutely, activating Demon Judgment Board, they followed the connection to rapidly find the closest inkman Gu Immortal.


This inkman Gu Immortal had already sensed something amiss, he secretly went to gather with the other inkman Gu Immortals.


Seeing the approaching Demon Judgment Board, he flew desperately, but how could his speed match a rank eight Immortal Gu House?


“Ahhh!”


With a pitiful cry, this inkman Gu Immortal was directly killed by the charging Immortal Gu House. Blood red light captured his soul, it was brought to the three immortals.


The three immortals quickled used soul search to gain lots of precious information.


Within this Great Wisdom grotto-heaven, there were many inkmen and cities. The biggest city was at the center of the grotto-heaven, it had the largest number of inkman Gu Immortals gathered there.


Of course, at this moment, there were still a few inkman Gu Immortals scattered outside.


“Demon Judgment Board Lord, what do we do now?” Bai Cang Shui asked Fang Zheng.


Fang Zheng did not hesitate: “We will immediately attack that immortal city!”


Demon Judgment Board tore through the sky with outstanding speed, reaching the immortal city in a moment’s time.


During this period, the inkman Gu Immortals of the grotto-heaven had already gathered.


“Heavenly Court! We have no grudges with each other but you launched a sneak attack on us, can you still consider yourself righteous?” Within the immortal city, an inkman Gu Immortal shouted.


Prince Feng Xian laughed heartily: “Heavenly Court upholds the justice of humanity, your entire inkman group is full of evil demons, you deserve to be purged by everyone.”


“What’s the point of arguing with them?” Fang Zheng acted more directly than Prince Feng Xian, he sent Demon Judgment Board to crash down on them.


The inkman Gu Immortals gritted their teeth and shouted: “Then you will have a taste of our Great Wisdom grotto-heaven’s main formation!”


At once, fog appeared and dyed the sky pitch-black.


Demon Judgment Board entered the fog and could not find its directions, it was completely trapped.


Not only that, the dense black fog was seeking to infiltrate the Immortal Gu House Demon Judgment Board.


Fang Zheng did not fluster, he first tried to use killer moves to probe it.


Lumps and lumps of blood flames spread out, wherever they went, black fog dispersed, but soon, the black fog seemed to have adapted, it devoured the blood flames aggressively.


Fang Zheng tried to attack several times but he failed each time.


Demon Judgment Board flew around the place but could not find any opening, it could not fly out of the black fog.


After thinking for a while, Fang Zheng used the strongest method in Demon Judgment Board, causing wanton destruction everywhere.


After a few minutes, a large amount of immortal essence was expended, Fang Zheng saw the black fog dispersing as they saw daylight again.


But the immortal city was already blown to bits, the surrounding thousand li were in ruins, countless lifeforms died from Demon Judgment Board’s attacks.


The defending inkman Gu Immortals were mostly dead, only one was still alive, holding his final breath.


He looked at Demon Judgment Board with a gaze of deep hatred, he gritted his teeth: “How laughable, the great Heavenly Court is actually using blood path methods! You slaughtered these innocent people with no sense of guilt in your heart, you are truly the most vile demons of the demonic path!”


Prince Feng Xian snorted coldly, replying in disdain: “Blood path is only a method, when used on you, it shows humanity’s righteousness.”


“The owner of our Great Wisdom grotto-heaven will not let you off!” The inkman Gu Immortal said before dying.


“It’s over?” The person who caused this situation and claimed victory, Fang Zheng, stared with wide eyes in disbelief.


Bai Cang Shui knew how he felt, she smiled: “Board Lord, you think this is the fate war, where intense fighting would happen that persists for months?”


Fang Zheng heard this and had a realization, he sighed: “So that’s it.”


The fate war was at the peak of the world in terms of battle strength. After Fang Zheng participated in it personally, his impression of fights between Gu Immortals was elevated to a great degree.


Right now, he was fighting against rank six and seven inkman Gu Immortals using the rank eight Immortal Gu House Demon Judgment Board, he realized it was so easy! It was too simple!


“Then, what do we do now, Board Lord?” Prince Feng Xian asked.


Fang Zheng pondered before answering: “Right now, the owners of these variant human grotto-heavens are with Wu Shuai in Eastern Sea. Since we already won this fight here, we still have time to attack the other grotto-heavens. This assault is a great chance, we need to make good use of it. Senior Bai Cang Shui, stay here, guard the place and collect our loot.”


For the sake of the ordinary inkmen, Fang Zheng did not let the more racist and violent Prince Feng Xian stay here, he chose Bai Cang Shui.


Bai Cang Shui and Prince Feng Xian looked at each other, seeing satisfaction in each other’s eyes.


Fang Zheng’s performance as the leader of this trip was quite commendable. Be it his decisions or mindset, he was dependable and had the aura of a great general.


“Then I will stay here. Please be careful yourselves.” Bai Cang Shui expressed.


Fang Zheng nodded with a solemn expression: “Senior, don’t worry, I will not underestimate the enemies. I have not forgotten the most important point, that is the actions of Wu Shuai’s force.”


Bai Cang Shui felt relieved upon hearing these words, they took their leave.


Eastern Sea.


The qi tide had just subsided, the Dragon Palace with a damaged appearance crashed into Xia clan’s headquarters.


“Oh, Lord Wu Shuai is back!”


“What was the result of the battle?”


“Lord Alliance Leader, you got injured?!”


The variant human Gu Immortals entered Dragon Palace, they saw Wu Shuai, who had a pale expression and was covered in bloodstains.


“Qi Sea Ancestor is formidable! I need to recuperate in closed cultivation.” Wu Shuai coughed out mouthfuls of blood.


The variant human Gu Immortals were pale, overwhelmed by fear and panic.


Wu Shuai snorted coldly: “Don’t worry, I used up a major portion of Human Sea and unleashed human path methods, that Qi Sea Ancestor is also severely injured.”


The variant human Gu Immortals let out sighs of relief, it turned out the battle had ended in a draw.


Right at this time, Great Wisdom Immortal Mother’s expression changed as she cried out in alarm: “Oh no! My Great Wisdom grotto-heaven was attacked, it is in imminent peril!”




