Chapter 199: Walking Towards Their Own Destiny


BOOM! BOOM!


The glacier trembled as Lord Sky Crane attacked. He was about to break out of the ice in just a few seconds.


“We can’t let this old geezer break free!” Fang Yuan shouted.


Bai Ning Bing couldn’t reply anymore. After Fang Yuan’s shout, he resolutely detonated one of his arms, and it transformed into vast amounts of frost. As it spread, the layers of ice covering Lord Sky Crane thickened by a hundred feet.


Lord Sky Crane roared within the ice and started attacking in a frenzy.


Bai Ning Bing exploded his other arm. More ice condensed and the glacier pressed down on the old man, suppressing him at every turn.


Under Bai Ning Bing’s meticulous control, the ice moved like an army, firmly entrapping Lord Sky Crane. He might be a rank five Gu Master, but after the battle with the Gu Yue founder, he was thoroughly spent. He attacked again and again, but couldn’t break out in the end.


“It is actually the Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique! But if you want to kill me with just this, you’re dreaming!” he shouted in sudden realization before activating his Life-Retaining Jade Burial Gu.


Jade-green light enveloped his body. The light rapidly solidified, transforming into a transparent jade coffin with Lord Sky Crane inside it.


The coffin was abnormally tough. Even after trying multiple times, Bai Ning Bing was unable to put even a scratch on it. In the end, he could only bury it deeper within the ice, forming a mountain that was hundreds of feet high.


Fang Yuan observed all this from the side.


Worthy of one of the Ten Extreme Physiques! He was still impressed even though this was his second time seeing it.


Fang Yuan was standing right beside Bai Ning Bing. Right now, Bai Ning Bing had destroyed both of his arms and was turning into an ice sculpture. His features were becoming indistinct as the ice slowly covered him.


His consciousness was slowly dissipating. Once it faded completely, he would be dead.


As the glacier started to spread towards him, Fang Yuan understood what he had to do. It was impossible to escape by himself. He would be sealed and frozen to death by the glacier sooner or later!


It’s time. He took out a pair of Gu worms from his aperture.


A black Gu and a white Gu were orbiting each other, forming a Taiji sphere.


Together, they formed the Yin Yang Rotation Gu.


Go. At Fang Yuan’s will, the black Gu immediately flew out and merged into Bai Ning Bing’s frozen body.


Fang Yuan was only rank one at the moment, but his aperture still contained large amounts of rank three snow silver primeval essence. He spent almost all of it activating this Gu.


The instant the black Gu entered the ice sculpture, there was an explosion of black light. Yin qi gathered from all around and formed a vortex in the air. A completely new life force came into being within the ice sculpture and started growing vigorously.


The dazzling black light dissipated. The ice sculpture cracked and broke into pieces that scattered to the surroundings.


Robed in white, with snowy white hair, intact arms, and a picturesque appearance complete with a lovely blush on the cheeks! Bai Ning Bing broke free of the ice!


The blizzard suddenly vanished and the cold air completely dispersed. The expanding glacier stopped a few inches from Fang Yuan. He had lived through this near-death experience!


“I am really alive!” Bai Ning Bing was shocked. He looked at his delicate hands and then felt his whole body. His disbelief changed to ecstasy.


“Hahaha!” Fang Yuan laughed brightly. “I used the Yin Gu of Yin Yang Rotation Gu on you. This Gu can change yang to yin, completely transforming your body. It is a rank four healing Gu and has the effect of bringing the dead to life. It has a weak point though: the Gu Master’s aptitude will be lowered by 10% when it is used.”


Bai Ning Bing possessed one of the Ten Extreme Physiques, meaning he had 100% aptitude. Now, it had lowered to match Fang Yuan’s 90%.


To someone else, it might have been terrible news, but to Bai Ning Bing, it only brought joy.


“This feels great. That means I no longer have the Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique! Haha, what does it matter if I only have 90%?” Bai Ning Bing started laughing loudly.


Fang Yuan, however, shook his head. “It is very difficult to change the Ten Extreme Physiques. Although it lowered your aptitude, it will recover as you continue to cultivate in the future, and you will eventually regain the Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique. When that day comes, you will need to use this Yang Gu. It will transform you again and lower your aptitude by another 10%.”


After speaking, Fang Yuan placed the Yang Gu back into his aperture in front of Bai Ning Bing’s eyes.


“Yin Gu and Yang Gu are paired. Since you have used that Yin Gu, only this Yang Gu will have any effect on you. Don’t even think of stealing it. I have already refined it, and I can easily order it to destroy itself with just a thought,” Fang Yuan explained.


He only had rank one cultivation now, but Bai Ning Bing was still a rank three Gu Master. Naturally, he needed leverage to stop Bai Ning Bing from acting against him.


“I see. Fang Yuan, you really planned it all!” Bai Ning Bing heaved a long sigh. “What do you want from me for that Yang Gu?”


“Hahaha…” Fang Yuan laughed for a while, then turned serious. “Qing Mao Mountain has already become a desolate wasteland. The three great clans, along with countless creatures, have all been frozen and will die in a few days. This scene will definitely attract the attention and investigation of many forces. Moreover, that old man isn’t dead and has sealed himself within that jade coffin. He will break out eventually. We can’t stay here anymore, we need to leave.


“But look at me, I only have rank one cultivation now, and my Gu worms aren’t sufficient to survive on my own. Thus, I need to rely on your strength. This world is grand and wondrous, and Qing Mao Mountain is only a very small part of it. Follow me as I roam this land, and witness the wonders of the world!”


“You really planned out everything. Humph!” Bai Ning Bing ground his teeth. He was still overjoyed, but there was also some resignation now. However, as it turned out, Fang Yuan’s proposal moved him. “I can agree, but I need to make one thing clear.”


“What?” Fang Yuan asked.


“It is not me who is following you, but you who is following me as I roam these lands!” Bai Ning Bing’s red lips curled into an arrogant smile.


“Hahahaha!” Fang Yuan laughed heartily.


“Then, where are we going next? What do you have in mind?” Bai Ning Bing asked.


“Bai Gu Mountain,” Fang Yuan answered in between his laughter.


“What’s so funny?” Bai Ning Bing was truly puzzled.


Fang Yuan laughed until his tears overflowed. “You still haven’t noticed anything wrong?”


“What is there that’s wrong?” Bai Ning Bing raised his eyebrows. Suddenly, his face became truly wonderful.


Surprise, fear, confusion, panic, shock, anger…all these expressions intertwined on her face.


She looked at her round, full chest, and cried out, “I, how did I become a woman?!”


Her shout echoed across Qing Mao Mountain, shaking the ice and snow.


“Of course that would happen! It is the Yin Yang Rotation Gu after all! The Yin Gu is used on a man’s body to turn yang into yin and become a woman. Likewise, the Yang Gu is used on a woman’s body to turn yin into yang and become a man. What did you think its name meant?” Fang Yuan said as though it were obvious.


“I, I…what the fuck!” Bai Ning Bing glared at Fang Yuan and cursed. Now she really had to get hold of that Yang Gu.


“Brother Bai, calm yourself, being able to live is the greatest fortune,” Fang Yuan consoled her.


“Fortune my ass, how about you try being a woman?!” Bai Ning Bing’s furious growl spread across the icy mountain.


•••


Two days later.


The sun hung high in the sky. The ice was melting, and a stream of clear water flowed down the frozen mountain.


Crackle…


The silence of the surroundings was broken by the crackling of ice. A jade light burst out from beneath the glacier and hovered in the air, transforming into a jade coffin.


The coffin exploded, and Lord Sky Crane roared as he regained his freedom and saw the light of day once again.


This Life-Retaining Jade Burial Gu was a rank five Gu and was very mysterious. As long as the Gu Master had a single breath of life in them, it could place them in stasis, delaying the need to tend to their injuries. Not only this, but the jade coffin it formed was extremely strong, and could even be considered a defensive armament.


“Goddamned thief!” he cursed in a pained voice. Right now, he was both furious and impatient.


Even after killing his lifelong enemy, his own senior brother, he still couldn’t reclaim the Blood Sea true inheritance. How was he going to explain things to his teacher when he returned?


He went and found the ice where he remembered Fang Yuan had been, but it was clear he had escaped.


I hope he didn’t get far! He patrolled the surroundings hoping for a lucky break.


He used his recon Gu and discovered many faint traces of life, barely enduring in the depths of the ice.


Living beings were tenacious, and this tenacity could often bring about miracles. It had only been two days since this glacier had covered these life forms, which was not enough to bring all of them to their deaths.


Found him! To think he was actually hiding here. Hmph, the most dangerous area is the safest place, right? This guy is really crafty! Lord Sky Crane’s whole body jolted, and he was filled with happiness at this discovery.


He dived into the ice and soon fished out a large chunk of it.


Within the ice was Fang Zheng, his whole body covered in a layer of moonlight from his Moon Raiment Gu. He was already at death’s door.


Lord Sky Crane would never forget Fang Yuan’s appearance as long as he lived.


However, he was a rank five expert, and after closely looking at Fang Zheng, he was immediately disappointed. This person isn’t him, only their appearances are similar…


He heaved a deep sigh, but then he was stupefied.


Wait a second, if they look so similar, they are very likely twins! Lord Sky Crane’s dim old eyes suddenly burst out with a sharp gaze.


By using a close relative, he could refine the Kinship Bloodworm!


It was because of the rank five Kinship Bloodworm that he was able to locate his senior brother in the first place.


I haven’t completely failed my teacher’s assignment. This kid is my only hope. I must save him!


•••


Fang Zheng slowly opened his exhausted, heavy eyes.


“Where is this?” His vision was blurry and he could only see a vague figure before him. At the same time, his whole body felt weak, and his head was throbbing.


The last thing he recalled was the three-way competition, when iron beak flying cranes had covered the sky and everyone around him had fled.


He had activated the Moon Raiment Gu and resisted the flying cranes’ attacks. As the battle continued, a flying crane pierced his defenses and fiercely pecked his forehead.


He had immediately lost consciousness and tumbled down a cliff.


“You are the elder who was standing on the crane?!” As he realized the identity of the person before him, Fang Zheng struggled to get up, but he fell before he could rise to his feet.


“Kid, you are still thinking of escaping me, Lord Sky Crane?” he sneered.


He looked Fang Zheng up and down and said, “You could say that I am your savior. If not for me, you would have already frozen to death. I advise you to not move around randomly, don’t blame me if you fall.”


Fang Zheng looked around and was startled.


There were clouds moving all around them, and he lay on the back of an enormous crane as it flew through the sky.


“You, who the hell are you? Where are you taking me?” Fang Zheng cried out in alarm.


“I am Lord Sky Crane, and we are heading to the Central Continent.”


“Central Continent?!” Fang Zheng shouted in shock.


THE END OF VOLUME 1


