Chapter 1999: Qi Jue, Xi


“Lord Alliance Leader is so powerful!”


“This is the power of our two heavens alliance!”


The morale of the immortals within Dragon Palace surged, they quickly cheered.


Evil Dragon charged ahead with an unstoppable might, Dragon Palace followed behind it casually.


“This dragonman brute!” The eyelids of Luo clan’s first supreme elder Luo Zu were twitching as he gritted his teeth.


The two clans’ Gu Immortals within Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building felt immense pressure. Evil Dragon was charging relentlessly like a mobile mountain range, in comparison, Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building was very delicate and small.


And most importantly, Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building had to dodge the qi pillars, its advancement route was long and winding. But Evil Dragon moved forward in a straight line without obstruction, the distance between them was shortening.


“What do we do now?” The Southern Alliance’s Gu Immortals turned pale.


Wu Yong smiled lightly: “Wu Shuai uses strength to suppress others, he is making full use of his advantage. If I were him, I would do the same. Everyone, after the fate war, not only was Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building fully repaired, I even strengthened it further, we can block Di Zang Sheng for a period of time. Even though they are strong, we do not need to bother with them, we just need to get Qi Jue’s true inheritance before them.”


“Lord Alliance Leader is right!” The immortals nodded in agreement.


Any sort of conflict had its goal, Wu Yong could clearly see that their objective was Qi Jue’s true inheritance. Whoever gets it would be the winner, even if they suffer some losses while competing, so what?




But the Evil Dragon was really too strong.


It was the immemorial desolate beast with the strongest battle strength!


In the five regions and two heavens, there were less than five people who could fight this Evil Dragon head-on!


While Wu Shuai and Wu Yong were chasing after their goals, a third rank eight Immortal Gu House stealthily arrived outside Qi Jue grotto-heaven.


It was Demon Judgment Board!


Demon Judgment Board was controlled by Fang Zheng, not only did Prince Feng Xian and Bai Cang Shui come along, even Che Wei, who had recovered from his injuries, and information path great expert Zhou Xiong Xin were here.


Fang Zheng took the initiative to attack the two heavens previously, even though Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch forced them away, their gains were still huge. Prince Feng Xian and Bai Cang Shui obtained abundant loot from plundering the two grotto-heavens.


Even though Fang Zheng lost in battle, he had only lost some reputation of Heavenly Court, they did not lose benefits.


Heavenly Court was originally not sure of Qi Jue grotto-heaven’s event, after all, immemorial white heaven was huge, even during the qi tides when Qi Jue grotto-heaven exposed itself, Heavenly Court could not find it immediately.


But don’t forget that Night Heavenly Wolf Lord under Wu Shuai had submitted to Heavenly Court. The fact that Xiao He Jian joined the two heavens alliance was not concealable, Night Heavenly Wolf Lord learned of Qi Jue grotto-heaven’s secret and informed Heavenly Court as a result.




Demon Immortal Qi Jue was very famous in history, he was a terrifying great expert who opposed Limitless Demon Venerable!


Especially when he cultivated qi path, in the current environment where qi tide surged, all new qi path resources were emerging in huge quantities continuously. The five regions’ forces wanted to research more into qi path.


Heavenly Court was no exception!


Even though they had Primordial Origin’s true inheritance, if Heavenly Court could gain Qi Jue’s true inheritance, it would mean that other forces could not get it. With this difference, Heavenly Court would have a great advantage against others.


Thus, Fang Zheng did not rest for long, he received Qin Ding Ling’s orders and brought four rank eight Gu Immortals to move to white heaven using Demon Judgment Board, arriving at this place.


“This should be Qi Jue grotto-heaven, but what is going on?” Fang Zheng had just arrived but he saw a shocking change.


He saw countless holes appearing, milky white qi currents surged endlessly as they moved around, the many new openings started to connect the grotto-heaven to the outside world.


These openings increased in numbers and continued to surface, there were too many of them, this would be a fearsome sight to others.


After more than ten breaths, a huge silhouette of Qi Jue grotto-heaven appeared. On the surface, there were countless white qi currents surrounding it, within the qi currents, there were countless holes breathing in and out.


The surrounding air was sucked into the grotto-heaven by a terrifying formless force. As for the loud noise that it created, the Heavenly Court immortals felt deafened all of a sudden.


“A huge change is occurring in Qi Jue grotto-heaven!”


“Wu Shuai and Wu Yong might have fought in the grotto-heaven.”


“What to do?”


Prince Feng Xian and the rest looked towards Fang Zheng, he was still their leader in this expedition.


Fang Zheng felt pressured, the choice in front of him was a difficult one. At this moment, he fell into hesitation, what should he choose?


At the center of Qi Jue grotto-heaven.


Boom boom boom!


Qi pillars continued to break and shatter as noise erupted endlessly.


The Evil Dragon destroyed everything in its path, but such a sight did not last long, after the qi pillars were destroyed, they turned into strong qi currents that intertwined together, surrounding the body of the Evil Dragon as they pressured it, trying to attack and kill it from all directions.


The Evil Dragon roared but its speed continued to fall, it was facing an unprecedented pressure from ahead.


Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building and Dragon Palace were not having an easy time either.


These qi currents were like tsunami waves that constantly attacked, these two rank eight Immortal Gu Houses were like small rafts trying to float in this treacherous storm.


Huge qi currents collided and caused the two Immortal Gu Houses to shake, sometimes, the Immortal Gu Houses even spun around on the spot.


There was a shot of deep blue qi current, Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building quickly tried to dodge it. But the deep blue qi current was too large and fast, Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building exerted all of its strength before leaving and escaping after three breaths of time.


“Lightning qi!” Southern Border’s Gu Immortal gasped: “I’ve never seen such colossal lightning qi, this quality is on par with rank eight immortal materials.”


Lightning qi could only be collected during stormy weather.


It was not hard to collect lightning qi, but high ranked lightning qi immortal materials were very rare.


Rank eight lightning qi was even rarer.


If the situation were not so urgent, Southern Border’s Gu Immortals would want to collect the lightning qi.


“This is all Wu Shuai’s fault! By causing rampant destruction, Qi Jue grotto-heaven has gone into a berserk state.” Luo Zu gritted his teeth.


Wu Yong’s expression turned dark: “Qi Jue’s true inheritance is our primary goal!”


The lightning qi from earlier caused Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building to lose some Gu worms, Wu Yong quickly replenished them.


These immortal materials had incredible dense dao marks, this environment was very dangerous. If there were wind path qi current immortal materials, Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building would have an incredibly good time here.


The change in Qi Jue grotto-heaven’s situation made the environment much more dangerous, but on the whole, Wu Yong’s situation had actually improved.


Because Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building suffered much less obstruction compared to Wu Shuai’s side.


Dragon Palace was much slower than Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building.


There were sharp blade qi, black hard qi, dark death qi… all sorts of qi currents were all at rank eight level. Wu Shuai gritted his teeth as he drove Dragon Palace forward, resisting them by force.


The Evil Dragon was left in the dust already.


Its body was too big, it was resisted by at least ten air currents or more, it could no longer be of use here.


“This is the foundation of Qi Jue grotto-heaven…” Wu Shuai had a solemn expression, his gaze flickered with uncertainty.


He had the disadvantage now but the situation had not been decided.


The two heaven’s Gu Immortals were also speechless at the moment. If not for Dragon Palace’s protection, who would dare to travel in this dangerous place? Many rank eight Gu Immortals felt their own weakness and insignificance at this moment.


“Demon Immortal Qi Jue is truly worthy of being the person who rivaled Limitless Demon Venerable in the past!”


The two rank eight Immortal Gu Houses did not give up, they moved towards the center with much difficulty, trying to obtain Qi Jue’s true inheritance.


But outside the grotto-heaven, Fang Zheng no longer had to hesitate.


“Let’s retreat first and observe the situation.” Fang Zheng ordered, Demon Judgment Board quickly retreated.


Prince Feng Xian and the rest were silent, they agreed with this decision.


Because right now, a change occurred again, raging qi currents appeared all over the place, a new qi tide had begun!


Fighting during a qi tide would cause the Gu Immortals to suffer backlash, even Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals were no exception.


“It seems our earlier deduction was right.”


“The heaven and earth qi in our immortal apertures differ from the outside world, thus be it opening the immortal aperture entrance or fighting intensely, when it hits a certain level, a new qi tide will occur.”


“Demon Immortal Qi Jue is a five regions Gu Immortal, because of his foundation, now that his immortal aperture’s entrance is basically wide open, along with the fight between Wu Shuai and the Southern Alliance inside, they created a gigantic qi tide.”


“Let’s watch by the side and try to reap some benefits from the outcome.”


Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals conversed as they kept a close eye on Qi Jue grotto-heaven.


The powerful qi tide went through the openings and rapidly entered Qi Jue grotto-heaven.


Wu Shuai and Wu Yong instantly felt huge pressure as the wild qi currents became even stronger. Even though the rank eight Immortal Gu Houses were powerful, these qi currents made them helpless, they were often blown away to random places.


Bang… bang… bang!


As the two Immortal Gu Houses approached the center, they started to hear loud thumping sounds.


“What is going on?”


“What qi currents are causing these sounds?”


“No, this is someone’s heartbeat! Quickly look!”


The two Immortal Gu Houses arrived at the center of Qi Jue grotto-heaven, all of the Gu Immortals saw this sight —


At the point where all the countless qi currents merged was the eye of the storm, this place was completely tranquil and safe.


In this tranquil environment, there was a tiny and delicate qi harvest fruit, it continued to absorb the surrounding qi currents.


Countless qi currents of all types got absorbed into the qi harvest fruit and their traits were assimilated, becoming a part of the fruit.


Different from the previous situation, there was the form of a baby inside the qi harvest fruit!


The qi harvest fruit was like a woman’s womb, a human baby was curled up inside, growing and getting larger by the second.


“What is happening?”


“What in the world is going on?”


“This is a monster! It is actually absorbing rank eight immortal materials endlessly to strengthen itself!”


“It is about to be born, quickly stop it!”


The immortals’ expressions changed, Wu Shuai wanted to unleash the killer move dreamy light smoke, but the qi harvest fruit seemed to have sensed it, it shook and self-detonated.


The baby was successfully born, he had tiny arms and legs like he was malnourished.


At this time, the silhouette of a concave land appeared above his head. This concave land contained deep profundities, it gave off a rank nine aura. But this aura was far more perfect and refined than the incomplete Human Sea that Wu Shuai had previously.


This was a secluded domain of heaven and earth!


The baby raised his arms, he seemed to be using both arms to carry the silhouette of this secluded domain of heaven and earth.


“Xi—” He shouted out in a long tone.


At the next moment, all of the surrounding qi currents moved into the silhouette of the secluded domain of heaven and earth like river tributaries returning to the ocean.


The qi currents moved with incredibly shocking speed, within a few breaths of time, all of them went into the mysterious secluded domain of heaven and earth. Wu Shuai and Wu Yong could not even sense a single qi current around them anymore.


In the sky, only the baby and the two rank eight Immortal Gu Houses were left.


“We’re outside again.” Luo Zu found himself in the outside world.


“No, the whole of Qi Jue grotto-heaven turned into qi currents and got absorbed by him.” Wu Yong was unable to conceal his shock, everything was unexpected in this situation, he felt like he was used.


This was someone’s scheme!


“Who are you?” Wu Shuai shouted from within Dragon Palace.


The baby had grown into a boy, he breathed in deeply, the silhouette of the secluded domain of heaven and earth above his head went into his nose.


Next, he looked around and saw Dragon Palace and Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building, he also found the hidden Demon Judgment Board.


“Climbed mountains to seek immortality, danger present in every step.


Dust specks float like light, dark Gu lurk in heart.


A dream like golden jade, thousands of years of loneliness.


Five regions and nine heavens, everything is in one breath[1].”


As he recited, his voice was young but his tone was aged: “Who else can I be? Yours truly, Demon Immortal Qi Jue.”


“Demon Immortal Qi Jue?!” The immortals were all shaken.


“Wait, if he is Demon Immortal Qi Jue, then the secluded domain of heaven and earth from earlier, it is ‘Xi’ from u003cu003cThe Legends of Ren Zuu003eu003e?” Within Demon Judgment Board, Zhou Xiong Xin suddenly had a thought.


u003cu003cThe Legends of Ren Zuu003eu003e had two very mysterious secluded domains of heaven and earth, there was little description regarding them.


One was ‘Hu’, the other was ‘Xi’.


[1] Breath written as qi in Chinese.




