Chapter 2: Going Back in Time with 500 Years of Knowledge


Legend says that a River of Time exists in this world, supporting the world’s time flow and circulation. And by using the Spring Autumn Cicada’s power, one can travel back upstream and return to the past.

There is much conflicting opinion on this mythical tale. Many do not believe in it, and some are skeptical.

Few people actually dare to believe it.

Because every time one uses the Spring Autumn Cicada, they must pay with their life, letting their entire body and cultivation be fuel for its power.

Such a price is just too expensive, and the worst part is the fact that after paying with your life, you didn’t even know if it would succeed.

So even if someone had the Spring Autumn Cicada, they would not dare use it so indiscriminately. What if the rumors were fake, and it was just a scam?

If Fang Yuan had not been cornered, he also would not use it so hurriedly. But now, Fang Yuan was thoroughly convinced. Because the truth was laid before his eyes, and there was no denying it. He had really been reborn!

Though it’s a pity…from the start I wasted an absurd amount of effort, killed hundreds of thousands of people, made even the heavens furious and incited people’s vengeance, went through so much suffering and hardship to finally refine this good Gu… Fang Yuan thought with a sigh. Even though he had been reborn, the Spring Autumn Cicada did not come with him.

Man is the spirit of all living beings, Gu are the essence of heaven and earth.

Gu come in thousands of shapes and sizes, in many strange and mysterious varieties — there were too many to count. Some Gu, after being used once, or twice, or thrice, will completely dissipate. And some Gu can be reused again and again, as long as they are not used beyond their limits.

That said, it seemed the Spring Autumn Cicada was one of those that could only be used once before disappearing for good.

But even if it’s gone, I can still refine another. I have done it in my previous life, why can’t I do it in this one? After these thoughts of pity were put aside, Fang Yuan’s heart burst forth with ambition and determination.

To be able to be reborn, this fact made the loss of the Spring Autumn Cicada entirely acceptable.

Not to mention, he had something precious with him, so it wasn’t like he’d lost everything.

This precious treasure was his five hundred years worth of memories and experience.

In his memories were a multitude of treasures and precious items that no one had discovered yet. Every major event that would occur, he could easily understand it and its context through his knowledge of history. There were countless famous figures: some were secluded old monsters, some were geniuses that had not yet been discovered, some were people not even born yet. Also in these five hundred years of life were memories of painstaking cultivation and rich combat experience.

With all these memories and experiences, he had undeniably grasped the overall situation and upcoming opportunities. With good planning and execution, he could seize every benefit for himself, surpassing the cultivation speed of all of his peers and reaching the higher realms!

So how do I go about this? Hmmm… Fang Yuan was incredibly sensible. He collected himself and faced the night rain outside the window, pondering. With this thought, things started to feel complicated. After thinking for a moment, his brows wrinkled deeper.

Five hundred years of time was a rather long period. Disregarding any muddled memories and anything he had forgotten entirely, even remembering the hidden locations of treasures or special encounters was a lot. The main issue was that these places were separated by great distances and had to be accessed or visited at certain periods of time.

The most important thing is cultivation. Right now, I have not even opened my primeval sea, haven’t stepped on the path to be a Gu Master. I’m just a mortal! I have to hurry and cultivate, catch up to history and seize every opportunity with the greatest advantage.

Not to mention, much of this knowledge was useless without a proper foundation. Instead, it would just be walking into a wolf’s den, looking for death.

The greatest problem in front of Fang Yuan right now was cultivation.

He had to increase the level of his foundation as fast as possible. If he was slow like in his previous life, he would simply be too late.

To cultivate as fast as possible, I will have to borrow resources from the clan. With the state I am in right now, I have no power or ability to travel across the mountains around the village. Even an ordinary mountain boar can take my life. If I can become a rank three Gu Master, I’ll have the means to protect myself and leave the mountain.

Through the eyes of an old monster who had cultivated the demonic path, Qing Mao Mountain was way too small. Gu Yue Village even felt like a cage.

But while the cage restricted freedom, its sturdy bars also brought about a certain kind of safety.

Hmm, in this short period of time I’ll just stay in this cage. As long as I can become a rank three Gu Master, I can leave this poor mountain. Luckily, tomorrow is the Awakening Ceremony; I’ll be able to start training as a Gu Master soon after.

When he thought about the Awakening Ceremony, old memories that had long been buried away in his heart bubbled to the surface.

“Talent, huh…” He sneered, his gaze focused outside the window.

At that moment, the door to his room was gently pushed open and a young teenager walked in.

“Elder Brother, why are you standing in the rain by the window?”

The youth was thin, slightly shorter than Fang Yuan, and his features greatly resembled Fang Yuan’s. As Fang Yuan turned his head to look at this young man, a complicated expression flickered across his face.

It’s you, huh, my twin little brother. He raised his eyebrows, his face once again becoming a mask of cold indifference. Fang Zheng lowered his head and looked at his own toes, adopting his signature stance.

“I saw that your window was open, so I thought I’d come in here and close it. Tomorrow is the Awakening Ceremony, but it’s so late and you haven’t gone to bed yet. If Aunt and Uncle knew, they would probably be worried.”

Fang Zheng was not surprised at Fang Yuan’s coldness. Ever since he was a small child, his older brother had always been like that. Sometimes he would wonder, maybe this was how geniuses were, just different from ordinary people. Even though he had the same appearance as his older brother, he felt that he was as ordinary as an ant.

They were born from the same womb at the same time, and yet why were the heavens so unfair? His older brother had been endowed with gleaming talent, while he himself was as ordinary as a stone.

Everyone around him would refer to him as “Fang Yuan’s little brother” when they mentioned him. His aunt and uncle would constantly tell him to learn from his older brother. Even when he looked into the mirror sometimes, he would feel disgusted as soon as he saw his own face!

These thoughts had been growing for many years, accumulating day and night deeply in his heart, like a giant stone pressing down on his back. In the last few years, Fang Zheng’s head had lowered more and more, and he also grew quieter.

Worried… At the thought of his aunt and uncle, Fang Yuan laughed silently. He could still remember clearly how his parents in this world had both lost their lives on one of the clan’s missions. When he was only three years old, he and his little brother had become orphans.

In the name of taking care of them, his aunt and uncle seized the inheritance left behind by his parents while acting strictly and harshly with the both of them.

He had originally planned to act like a normal person, concealing his abilities and biding his time. However, his life had become difficult, giving him no choice but to expose some of his talents.

This so-called talent was merely due to the intellect and maturity of an adult formed in his time on Earth, as well as a handful of Earth’s famous poems from his studies as a scholar.

With these, he managed to startle people and capture attention. Because of pressure from the outside world, the young Fang Yuan made a decision to keep a cold, indifferent expression to protect himself, reducing the possibility of revealing any secrets. Over time, this coldness would become a habit.

Thus, his aunt and uncle were no longer harsh on him and his younger brother. As the years passed and they got older, they even became more optimistic and began treating them better. This was not love, but a type of investment.

It amused him how his little brother never saw this truth. Not only was he deceived by their aunt and uncle, he started burying his resentment inside. Although he looked like a good-natured and honest boy now, in Fang Yuan’s memories when his brother was found out to be an A grade talent, the clan spared no expense in raising him. After that, all the buried resentment, jealousy, and hate inside him burst forth, and Fang Zheng would often target, suppress, and make life difficult for his own older brother.

As for Fang Yuan’s own talent, it was merely C grade.

Fate loved to play a joke.

A pair of twins — the older one only had C grade talent, but had been known as a genius for a dozen years. The younger one who was always overlooked was the one with A grade talent instead.

The results of the Awakening Ceremony had left the clan shocked. The treatment of the two brothers had suddenly reversed after that.

The younger brother was a dragon rising up to the heavens; the older brother was a phoenix crashing down to the earth.

After that came many hardships and troubles from his own younger brother, the cold eyes of his aunt and uncle, the contempt of his clansmen.

Did he hate it?

The young Fang Yuan of his previous life hated it. He hated his own lack of talent, hated how heartless the clan was, hated how fate was so unfair. But now, with his five hundred years of life experience, his heart was calm, containing not a shred of hatred.

What was there to be gained from resentment?

Thinking about it from another point of view, he could understand his younger brother, aunt and uncle, and even those enemies from five hundred years in the future who had attacked him.

The strong eat the weak, it is survival of the fittest. These have always been the rules of this world. Everyone has ambitions, everyone struggles to grasp every opportunity. What needs to be understood about suppressing or killing others?

Five hundred years of life experience had long allowed him to comprehend all of this, and now only the road to eternal life lived in his heart.

If someone tried to prevent this pursuit of his, no matter who it was, he would kill them. His aspirations were too great. Stepping onto this road was to make the world your enemy, make yourself alone, make yourself a killer.

This was the conclusion of his previous life.

Revenge is not my intention, the demonic path does not compromise. With that, he couldn’t help but laugh. He spared his younger brother a faint glance. “You can leave.”

Fang Zheng’s heart shook. He felt his brother’s gaze pierce him like a knife, seemingly penetrating the deepest depths of his heart.

Under those eyes, he felt like he was naked in the snow, unable to hold any secrets.

“Then I’ll see you tomorrow, Elder Brother.” Not daring to say any more, Fang Zheng slowly closed the door and left.

