Chapter 20: The Academy Elder Is Speechless


The immense joy he felt did not overcome him; he quickly calmed down and started to consider the consequences of having the Spring Autumn Cicada.


The Spring Autumn Cicada’s ability is rebirth. But right now, it’s at its weakest. The moment I try to use it, it’ll die. However, it is still a rank six Gu, so I can use its aura. That won’t injure it any further. Hehehe.


After he finished pondering, he opened his eyes. The Liquor Worm was hovering before him, shivering in the midst of the smoke-like green copper primeval essence that had surrounded it.


Because it desperately wanted to survive, the Liquor Worm risked everything on a single throw of the dice. But in the end, its will was easily defeated by the Spring Autumn Cicada’s aura. The Liquor Worm’s strength was not even 1% of what it was before.


Spring Autumn Cicada. With a simple thought, Fang Yuan released a small trace of the Spring Autumn Cicada’s aura. This aura pressed into the Liquor Worm’s body; the Liquor Worm immediately froze, motionless, like a dead creature. Its scattered will felt the aura, and like a mouse before a cat, it shrank in fear, unable to move even the slightest bit.


Fang Yuan laughed and took the opportunity to mobilize his primeval essence. When he first tried to refine it, the Liquor Worm’s will resisted fiercely, so his primeval essence could only invade it bit by bit. But now, Fang Yuan’s green copper primeval essence dove straight in, flowing vigorously without resistance. There was no obstruction at all.


The green copper color on the surface of the Liquor Worm rapidly expanded. In mere moments, the once pearlescent Liquor Worm was fully dyed green.


It was over; the last remnants of the Liquor Worm’s will were finally washed away, dissolving into nothingness.


With that, the Liquor Worm was fully refined!


Compared to the beginning where it was like climbing a mountain, the refining process right now was as easy as drinking water.


A kind of mysterious, cordial feeling connected the Liquor Worm and Fang Yuan together. The refined Liquor Worm was like a part of Fang Yuan — if he told it to curl up, it would curl; if he told it to roll into a ball, it would become a round little dumpling. The feeling was like moving his own finger.


Fang Yuan took back his primeval essence, and the Liquor Worm once again became white. With a leap, it flew through the air and plunged into Fang Yuan’s aperture. Once inside, it kept a good distance from the hovering Spring Autumn Cicada and dived into the green copper primeval sea. Rising to the surface, the Liquor Worm stretched its body as it wished, sometimes twisting back and forth, as though it were relaxing in a hot bath.


With the Spring Autumn Cicada, my plans will have to change. Fang Yuan withdrew his mind from his aperture and took out the Moonlight Gu. He repeated what he did earlier, letting out a hint of the Spring Autumn Cicada’s aura and pressing down with it.


As it felt the Spring Autumn Cicada’s aura, the Moonlight Gu’s will immediately surrendered. Its fear was so great, its will could only turtle up in the furthest corner of its own body.


Fang Yuan’s primeval essence poured in. In the blink of an eye, the Moonlight Gu was dyed jade green. Finally, with just a simple thought, the Moonlight Gu’s will was easily strangled.


After he was done, he took back his primeval essence and the Moonlight Gu returned to its original blue crystal form. He put away the Moonlight Gu; it did not enter his aperture, but instead flew to his forehead, forming a pale blue crescent mark in the middle of his brow.


The entire refining process of the Moonlight Gu from beginning to end did not take more than five minutes. Not only was it very fast, he barely needed to use any primeval essence.


Over the last few days, Fang Yuan had consumed six primeval stones just to refine the Liquor Worm. But tonight, while Fang Yuan could see the bottom of the primeval sea in his aperture, he did not use a single one.


Ha ha, with the Spring Autumn Cicada at hand, it is like having a god’s help! Now all I need to do is use its aura and any rank one Gu will be easily refined. Even though I only have C grade talent, I don’t need to borrow the help of primeval stones. Compared to before, it is like heaven and earth.


Fang Yuan’s mood was joyous. He had pushed past the fog and clouds to see blue skies.


Although the Spring Autumn Cicada was at its weakest point, it was still a rank six Gu. A fallen tiger still leaves behind a threat; a rotten ship still has three pounds of nails. Just relying on its aura, Fang Yuan’s cultivation would be propelled forward.


The moon outside the window was bright and the stars were few. The moonlight flowed through the window, shining on Fang Yuan’s face.


Initially I thought I wouldn’t be able to get first place, but life has unexpected twists and turns. Time waits for no one! I must go to the academy now and receive the top prize!


Fang Yuan’s eyes gleamed.


With a thought, the Spring Autumn Cicada faded away and vanished once more, returning to its deep slumber. Then he called out the Liquor Worm and hid it in a corner of his bed. This was to prevent trouble if his aperture was inspected by someone at the academy.


Fifteen minutes later.


The academy elder had long gone to bed, but in his dreams he could vaguely hear the sound of somebody knocking on the door. He was awoken by the noise and he opened his eyes, rather displeased. “Who is knocking in the middle of the night?”


A voice replied respectfully, “Reporting in, sir! It is a student from this year’s batch; he has already finished refining the Moonlight Gu. You instructed us earlier to report to you the very instant someone comes to take first place, no matter what time it is.”


“That is true.” The academy elder frowned, and then he got out of bed. As he put on his robes, he asked, “Which student is it? Is it Gu Yue Fang Zheng?”


The subordinate outside the door replied, “It seems so. The moment I heard the news, I hurried over here to tell you about it, sir. It seems to be someone from the Fang branch family.”


“Hehe, considering the time, it is probably him.” The academy elder laughed lightly, full of confidence. “Who else could it be besides the A grade genius? All those B grade students would still be worse even with the help of primeval stones. Why else would talent be so important?”


As he spoke, he pushed the door open and came out. Outside the door, his subordinate respectfully bowed, moving two steps backwards. “Right, sir,” he echoed.


A dozen candles burned together, brightening up the academy hall. The man who had received Fang Yuan was finishing his questions. Under the bright light of the candle fire, his face showed his shock. “Wait, what did you just say? You are Gu Yue Fang Yuan, not Gu Yue Fang Zheng?”


Fang Yuan nodded. At this moment the elder walked in from the entrance. Fang Yuan and the man stood up and turned around to greet him.


When the academy elder saw Fang Yuan, his face was full of smiles. He strode over and stood in front of him, patting his shoulder. “You did well, Gu Yue Fang Zheng, you did not disappoint me. You are indeed an A grade talent — a genius! All those B and C grade peers of yours will never compare to you no matter how hard they try. Ha ha ha.”


Fang Yuan and Fang Zheng were twin brothers; their faces were similar to a fault. Even the academy elder was mistaken.


Fang Yuan was neither haughty nor humble. He took a little step back, letting his shoulder slip free from the academy elder’s hand. He stared at the academy elder, his hands folded behind his back. Then with a faint smile, he said, “Sir, you are mistaken, I am Gu Yue Fang Yuan. Gu Yue Fang Zheng is my younger brother.”


“Huh?” The academy elder opened his mouth slightly, dumbfounded. He glared doubtfully at Fang Yuan, his face shifting into a frown. After a few breaths, he finally spoke. “You are Gu Yue Fang Yuan?”


“Yes sir,” Fang Yuan replied.


“You have refined the Moonlight Gu?” The academy elder was extremely surprised. He glared firmly at the crescent mark on Fang Yuan’s forehead, clearly asking the obvious.


“Indeed, that is the case,” Fang Yuan said.


“Then, you are the first of your class?” The academy elder was asking stupid questions, but he was not entirely at fault. After all, the situation was entirely out of everyone’s expectations.


It must be said that he had been in charge of the academy for decades and was extremely experienced. He had seen C grade students contending for first place before this, but it was never this early. Not to mention, in this class there were A and B grades.


“If there is no one earlier than me…” Fang Yuan pretended to be in deep thought, then he rubbed his nose and continued, “then it seems like it.”


“……”


