Chapter 2002: Fragment of Xi


Immemorial white heaven.


Aurora lights moved in the air dazzlingly.


Eastern Sea rank seven Gu Immortal Qing Hui Zi flew around in the sky of aurora lights, unleashing immortal killer moves to continuously retrieve these aurora lights.


After gathering the rainbow lights in his hands, he turned them into balls.


The balls were then sent into his immortal aperture and buried in cloud soil. After some time, these aurora light balls would grow and sprout, becoming seedlings. By using lightning water and magnetic sound to water them, flowing light fruits would grow on them.


Flowing light fruits were a rank six immortal material, formed from extremely dense lights, having all kinds of color like red, brown, yellow, green, black, blue, purple.


Qing Hui Zi did not only pluck the flowing light fruits, he had his unique plantation methods. Precisely so, he was one of the three main sellers of flowing light fruits in treasure yellow heaven.


“With the qi tides weakening the heavenly wind qi wall, I can also get past them and explore immemorial white heaven for immortal materials. This is my fortuitous encounter.”


Qing Hui Zi sighed to himself.


Aurora lights were very common in the two heavens, they were produced abundantly.


Qing Hui Zi collected these aurora lights personally, it caused the cost of producing flowing light fruits to fall greatly, he could earn a huge profit.




As Qing Hui Zi collected the aurora lights, he paid attention to the heavenly wind qi wall below him.


He did not have the strength to survive long in immemorial white heaven, he could not even break the heavenly wind qi wall. Thus, he needed to pay attention to it constantly, once the hole created by the qi tides start to close up, he would need to return to Eastern Sea.


It was no joke.


If Qing Hui Zi got distracted and got trapped in immemorial white heaven, with his strength, he would not last until the next qi tide, he would die in this dangerous immemorial white heaven.


One could say that Qing Hui Zi was risking his life to get these aurora lights.


But Gu Immortal cultivation was not easy, even as a rank seven Gu Immortal, Qing Hui Zi needed to take risks to support his livelihood.


“Xi—!”


Right at this time, Qing Hui Zi heard a voice.


Next, winds blew and clouds shook, Qing Hui Zi was shocked to find out that the heavenly wind qi wall below him was being pulled away by a terrifying formless force.


In a few breaths of time, the surrounding tens of li of heavenly wind qi wall got sucked into the whirlpool at the center.




“What is going on?!” Qing Hui Zi was overwhelmed by fear and shock: “Is that an immemorial desolate beast? But I’ve never heard of any immemorial desolate beast with such strength!”


The heavenly wind qi wall vanished entirely, a secluded domain of heaven and earth that had a concave appearance could be seen.


Next, this silhouette of the secluded domain of heaven and earth went into the nose of a Gu Immortal who resembled a boy.


Qing Hui Zi saw this boyish Gu Immortal, his entire body and mind shook, he felt like cold water was poured on him, into the depths of his despairing heart.


“Ah, Demon Immortal Qi Jue!” Qing Hui Zi fell into deep despair: “Why am I so unlucky? I only wanted to collect aurora lights but I ended up encountering Demon Immortal Qi Jue!!”


The battle of Qi Jue grotto-heaven had happened recently but it could not be hidden, the world knew about it already.


Even though the killer move everybody’s vision wasn’t around for all the Gu Immortals to witness the battle themselves, Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s appearance and methods were widely spread already.


In the Gu Immortal world, there were a few people publicly recognized as terrifying beings that had to be avoided at all costs.


The number one person was Fang Yuan.


This demon had countless methods and outstanding strength, he did things without any regard or concern, he was ruthless and cruel, even Heavenly Court had no choice against him.


Wu Shuai was also on the list, he was the leader of the dragonmen, owner of Dragon Palace which enslaved Di Zang Sheng, he bore deep grudges towards humanity.


Demon Immortal Qi Jue was a newly added person.


As for Heavenly Court and Qi Sea Ancestor, because of their factions, they would not bully the weak, thus they were not on this list.


After Qing Hui Zi saw Demon Immortal Qi Jue, he recognized the demon, he stared in shock, frozen on the spot like a statue.


Demon Immortal Qi Jue frowned as he looked at his palm.


His palm was tiny and smooth, his body was still small like a boy.


Thinking about his revival, Demon Immortal Qi Jue felt angry and annoyed.


If he had some more time, he would revive perfectly and have the body of an adult. But the Evil Dragon caused great destruction in its movement, he had to revive in advance, it caused his body’s growth to be halted, his potential was limited.


After absorbing this heavenly wind qi wall, he finally recovered some losses from the intense battle earlier.


After resting, he was going to set off again.


“Junior, come here.” Demon Immortal Qi Jue looked towards Qing Hui Zi and called out.


Qing Hui Zi shivered, he went towards Demon Immortal Qi Jue with a bitter expression, fearing for his life.


Demon Immortal Qi Jue smiled lightly, he stretched out his finger as an eerie qi current flew out.


The qi current quickly surrounded Qing Hui Zi’s body, he wanted to resist subconsciously but Demon Immortal Qi Jue shouted: “Don’t move!”


Qing Hui Zi gritted his teeth, not daring to move at all.


He gave up on struggling, he let the qi currents enter his body and move around his soul.


After some time, Demon Immortal Qi Jue absorbed all of the qi currents that entered Qing Hui Zi back into his own body.


Instantly, he received a vast amount of information, he gained a much deeper understanding of the current era.


“This is truly a wonderful era filled with great excitement, interesting!” Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s eyes shined as he spoke in amazement.


Next, he instructed Qing Hui Zi: “Hand over your Gu worms.”


Qing Hui Zi’s lips twitched, for an instance, he wanted to resist but soon, logic took over his mind, he obediently handed over all of his Gu worms to Demon Immortal Qi Jue.


This action made Demon Immortal Qi Jue reassess him.


After taking away these Gu worms, Demon Immortal Qi Jue inspected all of them, he only took a few glances at Qing Hui Zi’s light path Immortal Gu before he placed his focus on those exceptional mortal Gu.


Especially Gu worms like soul search Gu, Demon Immortal Qi Jue was very interested in them.


At the end, he even returned the light path Immortal Gu to Qing Hui Zi.


Qing Hui Zi was very surprised.


Demon Immortal Qi Jue smiled: “Junior, you are not stupid enough to resist me. Who do you think I am? Why would I be greedy and take your trifling Immortal Gu? Scram now.”


Qing Hui Zi was in disbelief before it turned into deep joy: “Junior will never forget Senior Qi Jue’s magnanimity.”


“Hahaha, I searched your soul, why is there a need to thank me?” Demon Immortal Qi Jue laughed: “Go ahead and hate me, I don’t care. Even though this era is great, in the entire world, in the absence of the venerables, there are few people who I can take interest in. Even though I lack Immortal Gu, I have not sunk down to the level of snatching light path Immortal Gu. I want to take some qi path Immortal Gu!”


Qing Hui Zi instantly had a thought: “Senior, you want to go to qi sea?”


But at the next moment, Demon Immortal Qi Jue waved his sleeves impatiently.


Qing Hui Zi was surrounded by qi currents and could not move, he was sent flying by the movement of the qi currents.


Demon Immortal Qi Jue snorted, he did not look at Qing Hui Zi, he flew towards the direction of qi sea instead.


“I wonder how powerful this Qi Sea Ancestor is, hehe, I hope his qi path Immortal Gu will not disappoint me.” Demon Immortal Qi Jue carried great confidence as he went towards qi sea.


He flew in the sky of Eastern Sea, he was surrounded by qi currents as he moved rapidly across various sea areas.


He did not conceal his traces, causing huge waves along the way, the commotion shook the surroundings, his demonic might was exposed in full view. Along the way, he met several Eastern Sea Gu Immortals, these people scrambled in panic as they escaped.


“Oh?” Halfway through his journey, Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s expression turned to shock as he stopped his movement.


He felt a movement in his secluded domain of heaven and earth.


“Don’t tell me?” Demon Immortal Qi Jue was slightly stunned, he thought of something as joy appeared on his face.


He temporarily put aside the plan to head to qi sea, he changed directions and went southwest instead.


After some time, he arrived at a sea area.


The sky here had many white clouds, shrouding his vision, he could not see any starlight. Even when the sun was blazing, the sunlight could not penetrate the cloud layers, it only made the place brighter.


The surface of the sea was calm but inside it were countless currents. These currents were of all types and forms. They interlinked with one another, they moved in this sea area with absolutely no rhythm or pattern. Without the defensive methods of a Gu Immortal, mortal corpses would be torn to shreds in the currents instantly.


It was the turbulent flow sea area.


After inspecting it closely, Demon Immortal Qi Jue became quite happy: “Wonderful, wonderful. This sea area must have a fragment of Xi, that is the reason why it can create such turbulent currents.”


“To think that my luck would be strong after reviving.”


“I’ll retrieve this fragment first and absorb it before going to find that Qi Sea Ancestor.”


Thinking of this, Demon Immortal Qi Jue plunged into the sea, vanishing from plain sight.




