Chapter 2003: Qi Jue Suppresses Qi Sea


Inside the sovereign immortal aperture.


The disasters were still ongoing, the situation was slowly moving towards the abyss of doom.


Fang Yuan’s losses were severe. In order to save his resource points, he had already deployed the variant human and human Gu Immortals in his immortal aperture to different areas, they were tasked to take care of the resources and they were even given mortal Gu that could be used to detect heaven’s will.


Along with Fang Yuan’s time path clone and main body working together to get rid of the newly created heaven’s will, he managed to save all the large resource points in the sovereign immortal aperture.


However, as long as the heaven path dao marks were not refined by Fang Yuan, they would continue to produce endless heaven’s will in increasing quantity.


Even though Fang Yuan was using his full strength, he could not stop the situation from aggravating further.


He could only barely protect his resource points now, but the sovereign immortal aperture was too huge, resource points were only a small part of it. In most areas, heaven’s will was produced, moving towards the respective resource points like a huge army.


Fang Yuan knew that this situation was at its most crucial point now!


He could no longer cleanse all the heaven’s will, in order to prevent the grotto-heaven’s heaven’s will from linking with the five regions, he had to create an isolated secret space in qi sea, to prevent heaven’s will from detecting him.


As for the external situation, Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s revival was out of Fang Yuan’s expectations, Demon Immortal Qi Jue said that he would go and meet Qi Sea Ancestor, he was not joking.


There were both internal and external problems!




“Now, it will depend on the effectiveness of this immortal formation.” Fang Yuan’s concentration was invested into this rule path formation.


This formation was situated in Mini Blue Heaven, it floated on its own, it was a modified version of the five regional limit formation.


Fang Yuan had wisdom path attainment, he knew long ago that the situation would progress like this, he made preparations in advance and tried to come up with countermeasures early.


Not long ago, he gained some inspiration and decided to mimic the qi tides to deal with the heaven’s will in his immortal aperture.


And this rule path formation was the fruit of his research.


Rank eight immortal essence was already piled up at the side, stored into the immortal formation. With Fang Yuan’s thought, this huge formation that covered the range of more than ten li started to activate.


Whoosh whoosh whoosh…


The formation created huge winds, as the sounds of the wind resounded in heaven and earth, countless qi currents appeared from the formation, as if the entire sky was covered in steam, it was completely white, one could not see anything.


The formation suddenly emitted profound light. The profound light landed on the white qi and pushed it like a giant hand.


At the next moment, thirty percent of the white steam qi moved forward like a gushing fountain.




The profound light entered the white qi and modified it, causing the scattered white qi to become more concentrated.


Finally, the white qi that was pushed out turned into a qi tide as it swept towards the southeast direction firmly. Along the way, the qi tide was like a brush that cleaned up the surrounding heaven and earth qi in its path.


In terms of strength, the qi tide that Fang Yuan created could not compare to a true one. But its strength was quite amazing already, it could easily take the lives of mortal Gu Masters.


This was also why Fang Yuan set up the formation in Mini Blue Heaven, it was to prevent an accident from slaughtering countless lifeforms, it would cause him a huge loss.


After moving for an hour, this qi tide almost reached the aperture wall boundary of Mini Blue Heaven.


Fang Yuan inspected the results, he found that the heaven’s will that he had specially arranged here was all cleanly removed, not a trace was left. Furthermore, along the path that the qi tide moved, heaven and earth qi were well blended, it was peaceful and calm.


Fang Yuan let out a breath of air, this was good news.


With this formation, he could finally get rid of the huge problem of heaven’s will.


This carried huge significance to him!


If he could not get rid of heaven’s will, he would be trapped inside qi sea’s formation to prevent his location and identity from being exposed to heaven’s will.


The pressure that was weighing down on Fang Yuan dissipated to some extent.


Now that he looked at the qi tide again, he felt that he had a deeper understanding of it.


“Qi tides are created because of the differences in heaven and earth qi. It is like how water flows down a cliff to create a waterfall. The qi tides are similar, because of the disappearance of the regional walls, with the unification of earth veins, the different heaven and earth qi of the five regions merge and cause qi tides to appear.”


“In the future, when heaven and earth qi becomes the same in all five regions, there will no longer be any qi tides.”


“As for the five regional walls? The truth is, they are all qi tides in essence.”


The heaven and earth qi of the five regions were different, thus at the intersection points of these regions, there would be disparity in the heaven and earth qi. But because the earth veins were different back then, the heaven and earth qi could not fuse together like now, they eventually gathered and formed into dense regional walls.


Gu Immortals suffer backlash when using killer moves in the five regional walls, it was similar to being in the qi tides. The reason was that their own heaven and earth qi differed from those in the regional walls.


As for the five regional walls that Tao Zhu researched on for his entire life, they were simply just qi tides!


However, his research was focused on the aspect of rule path. His main result was five restriction profound light qi, from this name alone, it showed a connection to qi path.


Fang Yuan had Tao Zhu’s true inheritance, he had half a portion of Primordial Origin’s true inheritance, along with Qi Xiang’s foundation and his own qi path attainment level, he had immense foundation, Fang Yuan quickly made some progress and obtained gains.


“Next, I will need to modify this formation slightly and scatter the sub-formations all over the aperture, I will send out qi tides to eliminate heaven’s will.”


“The problem of heaven’s will has been settled, but the refinement of heaven path dao marks is still a huge problem.”


But Fang Yuan had to put this problem aside for now, because he had to guard against Demon Immortal Qi Jue, who was coming for him.


The identity of Qi Sea Ancestor was very valuable. During the fate war, Fang Yuan tried his best to conceal it, he did not expose any clues that they were the same person.


In order to preserve his Qi Sea Ancestor identity, Fang Yuan’s main obstacle now was Demon Immortal Qi Jue.


On one hand, Fang Yuan used the formation to settle his internal threat, on the other hand, he waited patiently for Demon Immortal Qi Jue to arrive.


According to Fang Yuan’s deductions, Demon Immortal Qi Jue was going to come here for a fight during this period of time.


After waiting for some time, one day, a change occurred above qi sea.


White qi waves surged in the sky, they were grand and unceasing, pressing down on qi sea with immense force.


Within the qi waves, Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s boyish figure could be vaguely seen, filled with demonic aura.


Soon, his young but confident voice resounded: “Junior Qi Sea, I, Demon Immortal Qi Jue, have come here for you.”


“Qi Jue, what is the matter?” Fang Yuan appeared, activating qi sea’s formation as he stood on the surface of the sea, looking up and speaking.


Demon Immortal Qi Jue chuckled: “I have just revived, I do not have my Immortal Gu now. I heard that you are the sole qi path great expert at the peak of rank eight, I have come here to borrow some Gu.”


“Hahaha, borrow Gu indeed.” Fang Yuan laughed loudly, he could feel the arrogance in Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s words: “The Immortal Gu are with me, whether you can get them will depend on your abilities.”


Demon Immortal Qi Jue laughed as his young face showed deep battle intent: “Good! Junior, I like your personality, face this move of mine.”


Immortal killer move — Great Qi Grasp!


Instantly, a milky white qi current hand flew out like a small mountain, pressing down on Fang Yuan.


This was the move that made Di Zang Sheng cry out in pain, it was incredibly profound, able to scatter or take form, Gu Immortals could not deal with it easily.


Fang Yuan breathed in deeply, he had a calm expression that showed no anxiety. He extended his hand and he pushed forward.


Rumble!


A qi wall that was a hundred li long soared up into the sky, it was grand and magnificent.


The qi wall collided into the hand, the hand was forced to retreat, it could not stop the qi wall from flying up.


Demon Immortal Qi Jue smiled lightly, he pointed his finger as the qi current hand scattered, attempting to infiltrate the qi wall in the form of countless currents.


But the attempt failed to do anything.


Fang Yuan’s qi wall was not only huge, it was densely packed, Demon Immortal Qi Jue had no way to penetrate it.


Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s expression changed at this moment: “This is a powerful qi wall, what is the name of your move?”


Fang Yuan said frankly: “I created this move specially for you, Qi Jue, I have not named it yet. Do you have any good suggestions?”


Demon Immortal Qi Jue squinted uncontrollably as bright light shined in his eyes.


The fact that Qi Sea Ancestor had just created this move was scarier than him having this move for a long time. This meant that Qi Sea Ancestor had very high qi path attainment level, he could observe the battle situation and modify his own qi path killer move successfully to deal with his enemies!


Demon Immortal Qi Jue did not know that Fang Yuan was focused on modifying the five regional limit formation, this qi wall killer move was merely a small part of his effort.


Even though Fang Yuan lost wisdom Gu, he still had abundant wisdom path methods.


As the qi wall continued to rise into the sky, the milky white qi currents that filled the sky had to retreat further upwards.


By the time it reached Demon Immortal Qi Jue, the qi wall suddenly transformed, it turned into two hands, one black and one white, clapping together from the right and left directions.


Demon Immortal Qi Jue did not dodge, he allowed the black and white hands to grab him.


As the hands started to exert pressure, at the next moment, there was a loud voice coming from within the hands: “Xi—!”


Both hands were instantly absorbed into the silhouette of a concave secluded domain.


This time, it was Fang Yuan’s turn to be shocked, he keenly sensed that the secluded domain of heaven and earth above Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s head was more complete than the last time he saw it.


Demon Immortal Qi Jue knew that ordinary methods could not work against Qi Sea Ancestor, he directly used his trump card.


Secluded domain of heaven and earth — Xi.


Fang Yuan tried to use his methods, all sorts of qi path killer moves attacked Demon Immortal Qi Jue, but Xi Land would absorb them all. It was like a bottomless hole, Fang Yuan could not fill it up no matter what.


With Xi Land above his head, Demon Immortal Qi Jue had the advantage, he could not lose.


He even started to critique Fang Yuan’s qi path killer moves casually.


“This pair of black and white hands is a nice concept, by including yin and yang qi, you can use the attraction force of the two to amplify the power of this move.”


“Your qi path defenses are also quite impressive. Every single thread of your clothes is made of wind qi, are you trying to mimic the heavenly wind qi wall?”


“It is a true pity. If it were before, you would still be a threat to me. But regrettably, I have recently dismantled the turbulent flow sea area and also completely fixed Xi Land. With this, I can counter all qi path methods in the world, Junior Qi Sea, you are no exception!”


“How is it? May I borrow your Immortal Gu now?”


The reason why Demon Immortal Qi Jue gained his reputation was because of this, it countered all qi path methods in the world.


All qi path killer moves would be absorbed by Xi Land, unless the killer move could surpass the limits of Xi Land. But the problem was that Demon Immortal Qi Jue had already fully repaired Xi Land, it experienced a qualitative change in battle strength.


In a way, it was easier for him to deal with Qi Sea Ancestor than Wu Shuai, who controlled Dragon Palace.




