Chapter 2012: Fang Di Changs Death


Divine Emperor City, painting world.


In the vast plaza, Xiao Qi Xing led a large group of troops and was facing a group of divine bean soldiers.


The scale of this group of divine bean soldiers was bigger than Xiao Qi Xing’s side.


“How do we fight them?” Sun Yuan Hua had just asked when the divine bean soldiers charged.


Xiao Qi Xing stopped his side from attacking and smiled: “Everyone, please stay put for now and look at how I fight them.”


Saying this, Xiao Qi Xing flicked his fingers repeatedly, a large amount of Gu worms flew out of his aperture.


These Gu worms fell to the ground and turned into human shapes. Most of them were ordinary soldiers, a few clearly looked like elites, and an extremely small number of them looked much more brave and valiant.


“These are soldier Gu, sergeant Gu, lieutenant Gu?” Gu Ting narrowed his eyes.


“They should be.” Wei Wu Shang counted roughly: “There are over five hundred of them, looks like Xiao Qi Xing progressed really well in the military camp to be able to accumulate so many human path Gu worms.”


“Formation!” Xiao Qi Xing shouted while activating arrow formation Gu.


These soldiers immediately gathered, captains led lieutenants, lieutenants led sergeants, and sergeants led soldiers.




And the entire army formed a giant arrow that rushed head on towards the incoming divine bean soldiers.


“Charge—!”


Xiao Qi Xing’s army roared loudly, on the contrary, the divine bean soldiers were silent like there was no life.


The two sides were like colliding waves which began to mix into each other.


Xiao Qi Xing’s gaze was like lightning as he put all his attention on controlling his troops.


In the chaotic battle, his troops were further divided but they always maintained the most basic military formation.


On the contrary, the divine bean soldiers were a messy and disordered group.


After the initial stalemate, the situation began to slowly fall into Xiao Qi Xing’s grasp. Once he occupied the upper hand, this advantage snowballed and soon, it turned into absolute dominance.


Finally, Xiao Qi Xing’s side won a complete victory with all divine bean soldiers killed off.


“How is it?” Xiao Qi Xing returned with victory and showed off to the other Gu Immortal seeds.




Zhao Shu Ye rolled his eyes, not bothering to reply.


“Brother Xiao is truly amazing!” Chen Da Jiang raised his thumb.


“Hahaha.” Xiao Qi Xing laughed heartily and said to Chen Da Jiang: “If you had walked the same path as me back then, you would also have such accomplishments today.”


“We should continue. We have only cleared up one painting.” Wei Wu Shang said.


“Don’t be careless. These soldiers are only yellow bean divine soldiers, they are the most basic type of divine bean soldier.” Gu Ting said.


They continued to march forward and fight divine bean soldiers.


After a while, they arrived at the most flourishing street of Divine Emperor City.


Divine bean soldiers were wantonly killing the people in the city and it was a scene of chaos.


Sun Yao’s eyes turned red with fury. The first time she entered here, she had arrived at this street and enjoyed its flourishing scenes. She had never expected such a beautiful scene to be completely destroyed by the divine bean soldiers, everywhere was littered with corpses and blood flowed into a river.


“This will need everyone’s assistance.” Xiao Qi Xing was modest for once: “The paths are narrow and vision is not clear, my troops won’t be able to move properly.”


The other Gu Immortal seeds had no objections as they charged to the front lines and attacked.


Xiao Qi Xing stayed at the rear, observing the situation while controlling the soldiers to move forward.


He was deeply aware that he came to compete for Genesis Lotus’ true inheritance, these Gu Masters beside him were his greatest competitors. Know yourself and your enemy, and you will never be defeated, this was the best opportunity to gain information about these people.


These Gu Master elites of Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects were indeed extraordinary.


Xiao Qi Xing had made a lot of progress, these Gu Masters were also not any inferior.


Ying Sheng Ji continuously took out doctor Gu, which took human forms and saved people everywhere.


Chen Da Jiang went through the outer gate, a group of officers moved around him as he joined the front lines with a long sword and a steel chain.


Sun Yao gave a bigger surprise to Xiao Qi Xing, three female dancers moved around her, their long sleeves fluttered in the wind and weakened the divine bean soldiers. Moreover, Sun Yao also held a human path killer move — Joy in Helping People; this move strengthened her allies.


As for Wei Wu Shang, he appeared and disappeared as he moved in the chaotic battle like a fish in water.


“This guy has already mastered thief Gu.” Xiao Qi Xing realized.


These elites immediately shone brightly the moment they made their moves. Xiao Qi Xing also felt heavy pressure as he warned himself: “I really cannot underestimate these people!”


This chaotic battle lasted for five minutes before the whole street was cleared.


Without staying any longer, Xiao Qi Xing’s group marched towards other paintings once again.


The divine bean soldiers in their path were all annihilated.


Naturally, they were not the only group who were counterattacking. The warriors in the painting worlds also organized many groups and participated in the battle, killing the divine bean soldiers.


Ye Fan and Hong Yi were also mixed among other groups, they were secretly conversing.


“These divine bean soldiers are really odd, there are so many types of them.”


“The ten great ancient sects’ members have also grown, we need to conceal ourselves and not be discovered by them.”


They were the earliest people to enter the painting world.


At this moment, their accumulation far surpassed the Central Continent elites, but Ye Fan and Hong Yi could only move secretly. After all, the five regions world was the main world, once they were discovered by Heavenly Court, the situation would become a mess.


The counterattacking groups became faster the more they killed, their efficiency was increasing continuously and casualties were reducing.


After they had sufficient experience, they completely saw through the types of divine bean soldiers. Yellow bean divine soldiers were only cannon fodder, green bean soldiers could shoot flying arrows, red bean soldiers could self-detonate, black bean soldiers had the greatest defense.


After understanding the characteristics of the different divine bean soldiers, they began to launch targeted attacks. These divine bean soldiers were far weaker than their external appearance.


The counterattacking groups continued to gain victories and seized back more territories.


Finally, they gathered on the city walls of Divine Emperor City.


There was an ocean of divine bean soldiers outside the city walls, Xiao Qi Xing could not help taking in a sharp breath when he saw this.


The enemy force was overwhelming, it was not something their group could handle. They could only have a chance of defending the city by allying with other groups.


Divine bean soldiers rushed forward without any formation.


Xiao Qi Xing’s group attacked with long range skills from top of the city walls.


Divine bean soldiers were like ants as they began climbing the city walls.


The ones guarding the city staked their lives to counterattack, not retreating a step.


The whole battlefield was like a huge meat grinder, large amounts of lives were lost every second.


This battle lasted three days and three nights.


Xiao Qi Xing collapsed and sat weakly on the ground. His snowy-white military robe was already dyed red with blood.


Cheers spread continuously in the surroundings, they had won. This largest group of divine bean soldiers was completely exterminated by them.


Victory was assured!


Next would be to clear up the remaining small groups of divine bean soldiers in every painting.


“Wait a second, we seem to be able to walk out of Divine Emperor City.”


“We can follow the path the divine bean soldiers took and attack their base!”


When they were clearing up the battlefield, many made a big discovery.


The troops began to gather once again and battled their way to Fang Di Chang.


In this painting world, Fang Di Chang’s strength was greatly reduced but he still had a group of divine bean soldiers around him.


“So you are the main culprit behind all these!”


“You are going to pay for your sins!”


“Why, why do you need to kill these innocent people, what grudge do you have against them?”


Emotions surged, but Xiao Qi Xing’s group glanced at each other and moved towards the rear silently.


“So the cause of the divine bean soldier calamity was him.”


“He is a Gu Immortal of Fang clan, Fang Di Chang, who had once refined Divine Bean Palace.”


“I did not expect him to still be alive, and he is creating chaos in the painting world!”


“Don’t tell me, did our sects send us here to get rid of him?”


“Strange, why didn’t Heavenly Court attack and kill Fang Di Chang directly? Maybe this is a test for us, or maybe we can only deal with him while following the rules of the painting world?”


Xiao Qi Xing’s group conversed quickly, their expressions were extremely serious. They were the ones chosen and nurtured by their respective sects, thus they had a lot of information about the Gu Immortal world, they had detailed information about the participants of the fate war.


“Kill!”


“Take revenge for our friends and family!”


“I will cut him into a thousand pieces!!”


The Gu Masters of the painting world attacked Fang Di Chang.


“A bunch of trash.” Fang Di Chang stood at the center and commanded his troops calmly. The divine bean soldiers beside him changed their formation and moved smoothly like water. The cooperation between the various types of soldiers was extremely smooth and fluid.


Instantly, the warriors of the painting world suffered heavy casualties.


Xiao Qi Xing’s group was also shocked.


“The scale of these divine bean soldiers is quite small, how could they have such results?”


“With a Gu Immortal commanding them, they are completely different from before.”


“What should we do? Battle or retreat?”


“Fight! We have numbers on our side, Fang Di Chang might be strong, but the gap between us is not the gap between immortal and mortal. We have a high chance of success!”


“Slaughter the immortal!!”


Someone shouted the slogan which made Xiao Qi Xing’s group extremely excited.


The moment they joined in the battle, the Gu Masters in the front lines felt like they had received strong reinforcements.


In fact, not only them, even Ye Fan and Hong Yi were also mixed in the battle, helping out secretly.


Fang Di Chang snorted coldly. Under his command, the divine bean soldiers’ formation kept on changing while being extremely stable.


Xiao Qi Xing’s group battled hard for a long time, but to their horror, they discovered that the casualty difference between the enemy and their side had reached a terrifying level. There were only negligible losses to the divine bean soldiers.


“What should we do?”


“An immortal is still an immortal in the end!”


“Let alone when Fang Di Chang is a wisdom path Gu Immortal.”


Xiao Qi Xing’s group’s morale fell sharply and they had the thought of retreating, not daring to fight with Fang Di Chang.


But at this time, Fang Di Chang’s body shook suddenly as he coughed a mouthful of blood. He snorted coldly and looked up at the sky, laughing coldly: “Genesis Lotus’ will, you couldn’t endure it and took action after all.”


Fang Di Chang was suppressed by Genesis Lotus’ will, his control over the divine bean soldiers was no longer as smooth as before.


Xiao Qi Xing’s group immediately felt the pressure on them reducing sharply, they were surprised and happy as they attacked once again.


Fang Di Chang’s divine bean soldiers continued to fall till they were all annihilated.


Fang Di Chang had no choice but to attack personally, he rampaged through the army, killing everyone in his path with no one being able to rival him.


This did not last long, his condition continued to deteriorate as he began to receive injuries.


After some more time, Fang Di Chang was soaked in blood and started to stagger.


“To think that I, Fang Di Chang, would actually die in such a place!” Fang Di Chang shouted in sadness as he self-detonated resolutely.


Boom!


The Gu Masters surrounding him were wiped out with no intact corpses.


After a short period of shock, the surviving Gu Masters shouted in joy.


“We won!”


“We finally killed the demon.”


“Sob… father, mother, I have avenged you.”


Xiao Qi Xing’s group was also excited and their faces were flushed red: “We killed an immortal! We succeeded in slaughtering the immortal!”




