Chapter 2017: Bai Ning Bing Versus Hei Lou Lan


Central Continent, on a certain nameless and ordinary peak.


Four Gu Immortals arrived at the base of the mountain while concealing themselves.


“Hei Lou Lan is on this mountain.” Ying Wu Xie looked at the peak and spoke.


At his sides were Fairy Zi Wei, Old Man Zheng Yuan, and Bai Ning Bing.


After Fairy Zi Wei and Old Man Zheng Yuan forced Bai Ning Bing to surrender, they obtained Ying Wu Xie’s whereabouts. Ying Wu Xie was a split soul of Spectral Soul and his mission had always been to rescue his main body.


But due to his strength and Fang Yuan’s arrangements, Ying Wu Xie could not enter Heavenly Court. After the fate war, fate Gu was destroyed and Fang Yuan escaped, while Ying Wu Xie wandered around Central Continent, resenting Fang Yuan for not saving Spectral Soul’s main body.


After Fairy Zi Wei provided enough evidence, Ying Wu Xie learned his main body was no longer in Heavenly Court and had gotten free by himself.


Ying Wu Xie was exulted, he directly abandoned Fang Yuan and joined Fairy Zi Wei’s group.


Through Ying Wu Xie, Fairy Zi Wei’s group learned that he had just recently separated from Hei Lou Lan. Thus, the four immortals quietly arrived at this place.


Ying Wu Xie said softly: “Hei Lou Lan is a formidable person, although her cultivation is low and her battle strength is not high because future self has lost its effect, she has great endurance and knows how to wait patiently, she is ambitious and cannot be looked down upon.”


Ying Wu Xie did not doubt his side’s strength, but what he was most worried was if Hei Lou Lan would side with them and betray Fang Yuan or not.




In this aspect, Fairy Zi Wei was confident, she said with a smile: “I have full confidence in making Hei Lou Lan surrender. She has a complex relationship with Fang Yuan, but it is not firm. Hei Lou Lan wants to kill her own father for revenge, this is her greatest wish. Fang Yuan has captured Hei Cheng and because his strength is higher than Hei Lou Lan’s, she has always been controlled by him. We can use this to make her surrender.”


Know yourself and your enemy, and you will never be defeated.


Back then, Fairy Zi Wei tried all sorts of methods to deduce Fang Yuan’s position, but could not do anything because Fang Yuan was slippery like an eel and his most skilled wisdom path aspect was in blocking deductions.


Fairy Zi Wei could not do anything against Fang Yuan, but she investigated everything about Fang Yuan’s subordinates. But at that time, even if she wanted to use these indirect ways to find Fang Yuan’s location, they all ended up in failure.


But now, Fairy Zi Wei was going against Hei Lou Lan. Those past failures had now become her source of confidence.


Immediately, Fairy Zi Wei made arrangements: “This time, Ying Wu Xie, you stay behind. Bai Ning Bing, you will approach Hei Lou Lan. You can say you obtained news from Ying Wu Xie and came to visit. When you near her, sneak attack and seal her in ice. After you get her under control, I will persuade her.”


“How about I go with her?” Ying Wu Xie did not feel assured.


Bai Ning Bing glanced at him and flew away.


Ying Wu Xie quickly looked at Fairy Zi Wei, Fairy Zi Wei, however, shook her head: “We will watch it from here.”


Bai Ning Bing flew across the sky like a flash of white light, she looked down at the peak and shouted: “Hei Lou Lan, are you here?”




After a while, Hei Lou Lan came out from a mountain cave and frowned slightly as she looked towards Bai Ning Bing: “Why are you here?”


Bai Ning Bing laughed and pointed at Hei Lou Lan: “I have joined Spectral Soul now and have come to capture you. Hei Lou Lan, if you are smart, then just let yourself be captured.”


Hei Lou Lan’s eyes opened wide: “Are you for real?”


At the base of the mountain, Ying Wu Xie almost stomped his foot in anger: “I knew that Bai Ning Bing would spoil the matter. Her nature is eccentric and she prioritizes fun. She did this on purpose, she definitely felt this way would be more interesting!”


Sure enough, Bai Ning Bing’s laughter was heard: “Of course I am for real!”


Saying so, she turned into white light and charged at Hei Lou Lan.


Hei Lou Lan had already been preparing and with a shout, she raised her hands and sent out a large amount of flames to counter the white light.


Bai Ning Bing was caught off-guard and was forced back to the sky.


But she looked even more excited: “Fire path method? You actually changed to this path? Haha, interesting, I already wanted to fight you! But how long can you block me for?”


Immortal killer move — Bai Xiang!


Bai Ning Bing directly activated her trump card method, her body was no longer a flesh and blood body, and was covered in overflowing frost qi that even shrouded the mountain peak.


Hei Lou Lan entered the mountain cave and Bai Ning Bing gave chase without being afraid of any traps.


The two fought inside the cave, causing explosions that cracked and shattered the mountain rocks.


After several exchanges, Hei Lou Lan fell into a disadvantage and her situation did not look good.


Hei Lou Lan’s aptitude, temperament, and natural talents were at top level, but her fortune was not good and she ran into Fang Yuan too early. Fang Yuan dominated her and used Hei Cheng to control her, which greatly influenced her cultivation.


Hei Lou Lan’s strength qi Immortal Gu, flying bear strength Immortal Gu, and self strength Immortal Gu became Fang Yuan’s possessions. Slavery Immortal Gu was also borrowed by Fang Yuan and consumed. Divert disaster Immortal Gu was destroyed when she underwent tribulation.


During the period of the fate war, Hei Lou Lan almost always relied on the killer move future self. Once the future self was broken, Hei Lou Lan returned to her previous self.


Fang Yuan did not summon her back, Hei Lou Lan also held ambitions and did not want to be controlled by Fang Yuan, so she actively searched for a way to be free.


She possessed her aunts’ true inheritances, and after enough pondering, she resolutely changed to cultivating Blazing Heaven Demoness’ fire path.


But unfortunately, before she had good progress, she was discovered by Fairy Zi Wei and was now chased by Bai Ning Bing.


Hei Lou Lan felt bitter inside, she wanted to retreat but was chased closely by Bai Ning Bing.


When she slowly lost the strength to attack and was about to be captured by Bai Ning Bing, a white light flew over from the horizon.


This white light appeared slow but was extremely fast, Bai Ning Bing’s Bai Xiang form actually could not dodge it and was struck.


In an instant, Bai Xiang froze in the air, no longer moving.


“Hei Lou Lan has reinforcements?!” Ying Wu Xie was shocked.


“Not reinforcements, this should be Longevity Heaven’s members.” Fairy Zi Wei said with a smile.


Ying Wu Xie realized, Fairy Zi Wei had already taken Bai Ning Bing’s nature into her calculations, her main goal had been to use Bai Ning Bing to trigger Longevity Heaven’s ambush. The reason she did not send Ying Wu Xie was in fact because she wanted to protect him, Ying Wu Xie was Spectral Soul’s clone after all, he was truly one of them. And Bai Ning Bing, who possessed Bai Xiang, was the perfect candidate to probe the ambush!


“This is a time path killer move, is it Fang Yuan?” Hei Lou Lan had a complex expression as she looked towards the horizon through the gaps in the cave.


Rank eight Immortal Gu House Calamity Luck Altar appeared in the horizons, and in almost an instant, arrived at the center of the battlefield.


Calamity Luck Altar sent out a strong light that shone on the unmoving Bai Ning Bing.


Although the killer move Bai Xiang was amazing, Calamity Luck Altar was a rank eight Immortal Gu House that was personally created by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable. If Bai Ning Bing was struck head-on, her death was certain.


Fairy Zi Wei quickly made a move, sending out a purple aurora to cover Bai Ning Bing while blocking Calamity Luck Altar’s powerful light.


“I was wondering who it was, so it turns out to be the leader of the defeated Heavenly Court!” Bing Sai Chuan’s voice came from Calamity Luck Altar.


Fairy Zi Wei shook her head slightly and flew to the sky with Old Man Zheng Yuan: “We have already joined Lord Spectral Soul, we are no longer in Heavenly Court’s faction.”


Bing Sai Chuan sneered: “Like I care about which side you are on! Hei Lou Lan is my Longevity Heaven’s descendant, she is a member of Northern Plains. Don’t even dream of harming her!”


Fairy Zi Wei retorted: “The five regions have merged, all the regional walls have disappeared, what do you mean by Northern Plains? We will need to fight to decide where Hei Lou Lan goes.”


Bing Sai Chuan did not speak any nonsense, he directly controlled Calamity Luck Altar to collide into Fairy Zi Wei.


A huge battle erupted!


Hei Lou Lan and Bai Ning Bing were put under control, unable to budge.


Hei Lou Lan’s face was ashen, she was fully aware that be it Heavenly Court or Longevity Heaven, they were trying to use her to search for clues about Fang Yuan!


This was the result of having low cultivation level, she had become an object for the two sides to fight over. No one asked her if she was willing or not.


This battle did not last long, both sides were holding back.


It was Fairy Zi Wei who took the initiative to stop: “No need to fight anymore, there is no harm in giving Hei Lou Lan to you.”


Bing Sai Chuan had Immortal Gu House Calamity Luck Altar while Fairy Zi Wei was without Star Constellation Chessboard and was in a weakened state. The reason she attacked was because she wanted to trigger a qi tide and use it to claim victory.


But Bing Sai Chuan clearly knew of Fairy Zi Wei’s plan and made Calamity Luck Altar use all its might. Fairy Zi Wei saw the battle turning increasingly fierce and knew her side would have to use their full strength if they wanted to hold on until the qi tide arrived, so she directly chose to stop.


“We have a common objective, it doesn’t matter where Hei Lou Lan ends up in. Fang Yuan is at his weakest state currently, if we miss this rare chance and let him recover, it will be too late. We can even work together, what do you think, Bing Sai Chuan?” Fairy Zi Wei made a proposal.


Then, she showed evidence to prove her current faction.


“Who could have thought that there would be a day when we cooperate!” Bing Sai Chuan was silent for a while before sighing.


Both sides had their own venerable as their backer and they both wanted to kill Fang Yuan, they had the qualifications to cooperate as well as a common goal, so working together was indeed a wise choice.




