Chapter 2025: Three Qi Immortal Gu


Heavenly Court was constantly filled with bright light.


Fang Yuan, who was disguised as Qi Sea Ancestor, had already arrived in Heavenly Court.


He floated in the air as he observed the qi harvest fruit in front of him.


The qi harvest fruit in Heavenly Court was large beyond common sense, it was like a towering mountain range, vast and colossal.


“Such a huge qi harvest fruit cannot even fit in an ordinary rank eight grotto-heaven, it will destroy the aperture walls from its sheer size. Only Heavenly Court has such a deep foundation and because of the use of Cang Xuan Zi’s space path fruits, the space inside is large enough to accommodate this qi harvest fruit.”


Fang Yuan sighed internally.


The last time he came to Heavenly Court, he had participated in the fate war with his original appearance and caused Heavenly Court to lose badly. This time, he was acting as Heavenly Court’s friend, he was here to resolve their problem of the qi harvest fruit.


Changes in situations and circumstances were often hard to predict.


“How is it?” Qin Ding Ling stood beside Fang Yuan, asking.


Fang Yuan nodded: “This is the first time I’ve seen such a huge qi harvest fruit, it shows that your foundation is truly unfathomable, this is truly the number one force in the world.”


After pausing for a while, Fang Yuan continued: “After my inspection earlier, even though my method is effective, this qi harvest fruit is too big. We need to set up the immortal formation first, the larger the qi path immortal formation, the more time we can save.”




Qin Ding Ling was slightly surprised: “Ancestor, to think that you have already come up with the immortal formation’s design.”


Fang Yuan shook his head: “No, the qi path immortal formation that we will set up is only going to amplify my qi path killer moves. The actual way to get rid of the qi harvest fruit is still through the qi path killer moves that I will use.”


Qin Ding Ling nodded upon hearing this, the explanation was logical.


She smiled as she took out a qi path rank eight Immortal Gu: “Heavenly Court does not lack qi path Immortal Gu, to resolve the problem of the qi harvest fruit, Heavenly Court is willing to use up our qi path resources. Ancestor, look at this Immortal Gu.”


Fang Yuan’s attention was drawn to this Immortal Gu.


“Don’t tell me this is… human qi Immortal Gu?” Fang Yuan’s pupils expanded as his expression changed.


Human qi Immortal Gu resembled a bee, it was thumb-sized and constantly moved its wings, floating above Qin Ding Ling’s palm, it emitted a cloud-like qi.


Qin Ding Ling handed human qi Immortal Gu to Fang Yuan.


Fang Yuan extended his hand and held the Gu, he looked at it fixedly and praised: “Good Gu, good Gu. This Gu is related to human path, it has immense potential for development!”


Qin Ding Ling smiled as she took out a second Immortal Gu, handing it to Fang Yuan.




This was earth qi Immortal Gu, it resembled a butterfly, brown in color, it also gave off a cloud-like qi.


Fang Yuan’s left hand held human qi Immortal Gu while his right hand held earth qi Immortal Gu, he looked at them with great interest: “Wonderful, wonderful.”


“And this is heaven qi Immortal Gu.” Qin Ding Ling said as she passed Fang Yuan a third rank eight Immortal Gu.


Heaven qi Immortal Gu resembled a dragonfly, it was green in color and had eight pairs of thin bluish wings, when it moved its wings, its entire body would emit a translucent qi current.


Fang Yuan had a solemn expression: “This heaven qi Immortal Gu is tightly connected with heaven path. Truthfully speaking, the method that I created to get rid of the qi harvest fruit only succeeded after I comprehended a trace of heaven path’s profundity. If I had this Gu, I would have succeeded much earlier.”


“Gu Immortals cultivate all sorts of paths, human path and heaven path are the most unique. Ancestor, you have already reached the peak of qi path, thus you are able to mimic other paths easily and comprehend the true meaning of various paths.” Qin Ding Ling praised before changing her words: “These three qi Immortal Gu are the core of triple qi retraction killer move, they are priceless treasures of Heavenly Court. Only Heavenly Court members can have them.”


Qin Ding Ling saw Fang Yuan’s expression and felt internally happy, she hinted to him that these Gu worms would be available if he joined Heavenly Court.


After hearing this, Fang Yuan showed a hesitant expression, but he was smiling to himself internally.


All of the expressions he showed were just an act.


If he really cultivated qi path solely, these three qi Immortal Gu would be incredibly alluring. Fang Yuan had tried many times already, these three qi path Immortal Gu were the cores of triple qi retraction, they could not be replaced. If he used other qi path Immortal Gu in place of them, even if he manages to create a triple qi retraction killer move, its value in battle would fall drastically.


Thus, even though Fang Yuan had the complete Primordial Origin qi path true inheritance now, he did not benefit much from it.


Furthermore, Qi Sea Ancestor was just one of Fang Yuan’s identities. He also had no lack of rank eight Immortal Gu. Attitude, Mutation, Wisdom Sword, Years Flow Like Water, Soul Beast Token, Regret, Spring, Summer, Big Qi, Region, Addition, Steal Life, Water Refinement, Advance Refinement, Dream Token, he simply had too many of them.


In Fang Yuan’s eyes, only rank nine Immortal Gu could truly excite him.


But rank nine Immortal Gu were too rare.


He originally had one, which was wisdom Gu. But this Immortal Gu was tampered by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable long ago, he had no choice but to sacrifice it in the fate war.


Qin Ding Ling lent all three qi Immortal Gu and let Qi Sea Ancestor familiarize himself with them, she also arranged several Gu Immortals to modify the qi path immortal Gu formation with Qi Sea Ancestor.


Having everyone’s help, the qi path immortal formation was finalized in a few days.


Fang Yuan and the Heavenly Court immortals started to set up the formation.


This qi path formation’s main owner was naturally Fang Yuan.


But in the other formation cores, there would be Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals stationed, they could help him out while also supervising his actions.


Qi Sea Ancestor was an outsider after all, even though he underwent an alliance agreement, he was still not a Heavenly Court member. How could Heavenly Court not guard against him?


The truth was, the assisting Gu Immortals were not the only ones guarding against him.


The core Immortal Gu of this qi path formation, Heaven Qi, Earth Qi, and Human Qi, were temporarily lent to Fang Yuan by Qin Ding Ling. If any situation occurs, Heavenly Court could immediately take them back and make Fang Yuan lose control of the entire qi path formation.


This qi path formation was modified along with several Heavenly Court Gu Immortals. Even if they had low qi path attainment, they still had general knowledge, it was hard to deceive them. Also, Fang Yuan did not conceal anything inside this qi path formation.


The formation was definitely not an issue.


“Earth qi Gu, go!” Fang Yuan first tossed earth qi Immortal Gu as he instilled immortal essence.


Earth qi Immortal Gu quickly flew out, it went into the ground below the qi harvest fruit.


Boom!


Suddenly, with a loud explosion, the ground below the qi harvest fruit started to shake, earth qi started to rise up continuously.


Fang Yuan started to collect the earth qi, the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals around him also took action, some helped with the gathering while others set up small formations around the small holes that the earth qi emerged from.


While Fang Yuan was setting up his formation, deep underground at another area of Heavenly Court, there was a huge underground square.


Qing Chou’s mountain-like body was deep within this underground square, unmoving like a statue.


Bam…


Suddenly, a loud sound could be heard from afar.


The underground square shook slightly, several cracks appeared on the ground.


But Red Heart Traveler, who was defending this place, was not flustered, he immediately acted to stabilize the situation. The cracks on the ground could be seen disappearing at an observable rate.


“What’s the commotion?” Qing Chou suddenly spoke, but strangely, its voice was actually Nine Spiritual Fairy’s.


Nine Spiritual Fairy was actually inside Qing Chou’s body, trying to forcefully refine hatred Gu.


“From this commotion, Qi Sea Ancestor must have started to create his formation. He used earth qi Immortal Gu as the first foundation of the formation, it involved the earth vein. Meanwhile, we are at one of the main earth veins, thus we could feel the influence.” Red Heart Traveler spoke: “Earlier, you were at a crucial moment, so I did not inform you of this. But don’t worry, this cannot interrupt our plan.”


“Mm.” Nine Spiritual Fairy stopped worrying as she said: “Then let’s hurry up, if we can refine hatred Gu at the same time as the elimination of the qi harvest fruit, Heavenly Court will have a double celebration.”


Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals had already recovered from the trauma of the fate war, they became braver after the humiliation, they worked harder and had greater morale now.


Days later, the qi path formation was created, Fang Yuan was the main user and activated his method to eliminate the qi harvest fruit.


The qi harvest fruit was continuously shaved off from Fang Yuan’s killer move, but this qi harvest fruit in Heavenly Court was just too big, some time was needed to completely destroy it.


Days passed, the qi harvest fruit was removed by over ten percent.


Qin Ding Ling hurried to Fang Yuan as she showed a solemn expression: “Ancestor, the situation in Eastern Sea has changed, this is not good.”


Fang Yuan looked shocked: “What happened?”


“Wu Shuai suddenly led his alliance to launch an invasion, they have split into three groups, they are attacking the grotto-heaven forces that have submitted to our side. Because we were caught off guard, our losses are quite severe.” Qin Ding Ling said.


“News that I came here should have been kept a secret. How did this happen? How did Wu Shuai find out so quickly?” Fang Yuan’s expression changed, there was anxiety in his tone.


“Ancestor, you want to return to help Eastern Sea?” Qin Ding Ling purposely asked.


“That is so.” Fang Yuan frowned: “But this method needs my full attention, if I stop halfway, there might be problematic consequences.”


Qin Ding Ling cupped her fists at Fang Yuan: “Ancestor, please consider the big picture! It is unexpected that Wu Shuai attacked so soon, but if you return now, that will be what Wu Shuai wants to see. Only after eliminating the qi harvest fruit can we have a safe territory to count on. By then, you can lead our Heavenly Court’s immortals to return to Eastern Sea and retaliate, you can say that you went to seek reinforcement from Heavenly Court, but Wu Shuai attacked and trapped you temporarily. By gathering our strength, we will kill Wu Shuai and get rid of the two heavens alliance. That is the true way to seek victory.”


Fang Yuan did not speak, he only looked at Qin Ding Ling deeply.


Long after, he spoke in a grim tone: “Wu Shuai attacked with his full force, he must have been prepared for this. Does Heavenly Court know of their plans in advance?”


“Definitely not.” Qin Ding Ling shook her head, showing a firm expression.


Fang Yuan snorted coldly, he showed a struggling expression as he sighed helplessly: “Forget it, I will stay here and control the formation until we get rid of the qi harvest fruit. But during this time, I need Heavenly Court to send people to assist Eastern Sea!”


Qin Ding Ling sighed as well: “We will do our best.”


Fang Yuan gritted his teeth as he said: “Once I get rid of the qi harvest fruit, I will need to return and help them. But these days of unceasingly controlling the formation will cause my battle strength to fall. I need Heavenly Court to give me the three qi Immortal Gu to kill the enemies and claim victory.”


Qin Ding Ling’s expression changed, even though Fang Yuan spoke politely, his request for reward was really absurd, it far exceeded Qin Ding Ling’s bottom line.


She rejected as she shook her head: “The three qi Immortal Gu are the treasures of Heavenly Court, only our members can…”


Before she finished, Fang Yuan interrupted: “Eastern Sea’s immortals are all my subordinates.”


Qin Ding Ling still shook her head: “We will remember ancestor’s sacrifice, but even as Heavenly Court’s leader, I cannot give you three rank eight Immortal Gu. At most, we can give you one as compensation.”


“How can one Gu compensate for the people in the grotto-heavens?” Fang Yuan showed slight anger.


Boom!


While the two were negotiating, a loud sound could be heard in the sky.


A rank eight Immortal Gu House directly charged in with a fierce aura!


Heavenly Court’s immortals were all shocked.


The Immortal Gu House that invaded Heavenly Court was Dragon Palace!


“How can this be?!” Qin Ding Ling could not waste time with Fang Yuan anymore, she immediately flew out of the formation to face the enemies.


Dragon Palace’s door opened as Wu Shuai sat on his throne, speaking from deep within Dragon Palace: “Qin Ding Ling, we meet again.”


“Wu Shuai, why are you here?” Qin Ding Ling shouted as several Gu Immortals gathered behind her.


Wu Shuai smiled coldly as he kicked a head that was near his feet.


This head fell from the stairs of the dragon throne, rolling into Central Great Hall. The person had died with his eyes wide open, it was Night Heavenly Wolf Lord.


“Old scoundrel Qi Sea can get rid of qi harvest fruits, your Heavenly Court wants to conceal this information and secretly eliminate your internal threat? Hehe, wishful thinking! I am here to destroy your Heavenly Court and also kill that old scoundrel Qi Sea, let’s see who in this world can stop my rise to supremacy!”


Wu Shuai said that as he stood upright, he waved his hand and shouted: “Kill!”


At the next moment, immortals rushed out of Dragon Palace, attacking with ferocious expressions.




