Chapter 2026: Fang Yuan Appears


Central Continent, deep beneath a certain Earth Trench.


Fairy Zi Wei controlled the wisdom path formation, purple light flickered within it without spreading out.


Within the formation, other than Bai Ning Bing, Hei Lou Lan, and Ying Wu Xie, there was Fairy Miao Yin and Lady White Rabbit, as well as several other Gu Immortals.


After the fate war, these Gu Immortals were all left outside by Fang Yuan.


Fairy Zi Wei and the rest worked together with Bing Sai Chuan’s group, capturing all of these people.


As the purple light faded, the formation stopped working, Fairy Miao Yin’s expression was uncertain while Lady White Rabbit had anger in her eyes, they were both unable to move.


“Aren’t you surrendering?” Ying Wu Xie laughed coldly.


“Hmph, you traitor!” Lady White Rabbit shouted angrily.


Bai Ning Bing also came over with a cold and indifferent expression: “I would advise you to reconsider, after all, you have just lost your greatest value.”


Fairy Miao Yin heard this, she became more uncertain.


At this moment, Fairy Zi Wei stored away the formation as she stood up. She was very weak now after using her full strength to make the deduction, the cost was high. But joy was apparent on her face.




“It looks like she succeeded.” Bing Sai Chuan was waiting outside the formation, he smiled upon seeing this.


Hei Lou Lan walked towards Bing Sai Chuan from Fairy Zi Wei’s position, stopping behind him.


Fairy Zi Wei smiled lightly: “We have enough clues, we achieved success! I have already deduced Fang Yuan’s location, guess where this crafty demon is hiding?”


Bing Sai Chuan frowned: “Your question is an obvious hint in itself. Don’t tell me that this scoundrel Fang Yuan has been hiding in Heavenly Court?”


Fairy Zi Wei nodded: “According to my deductions, he is indeed in Heavenly Court now!”


The immortals heard this and showed varying expressions.


Ying Wu Xie gritted his teeth: “He is crafty indeed, his departure from Heavenly Court earlier was just a smokescreen, he must have been hiding in Heavenly Court all along.”


Old Man Zheng Yuan sighed: “No wonder we could not find his main body!”


Bai Ning Bing laughed loudly, praising: “Exciting! This is truly Fang Yuan’s attitude.”


Bing Sai Chuan frowned: “But how could he possibly hide until now without getting detected by Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals?”




Fairy Zi Wei’s eyes flickered with bright light: “I can only deduce that he is in Heavenly Court now, he might not have been there the entire time. But in terms of ability, this demon is unfathomable. His growth is too fast, every time he fights, his enemies will see an explosive growth in his strength.”


Bing Sai Chuan sighed: “Now that Fang Yuan is hiding in Heavenly Court, what can we do? Do we go and attack Heavenly Court? Should we inform Heavenly Court about this and let them kill him, but wouldn’t that allow them to get all of his inheritances?”


Bing Sai Chuan represented Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, they cared about the benefits of Northern Plains’ Longevity Heaven. Furthermore, they had spent a lot of effort to deduce Fang Yuan’s location, telling Heavenly Court about it was quite a loss for them.


Old Man Zheng Yuan reminded: “No matter what, we need to tell our master about this important information!”


Fairy Zi Wei replied: “I have already reported it to master when I stored the formation away.”


Heavenly Court.


Intense battle erupted.


Boom!


Lady Cold Ash dodged with rapid speed, avoiding the explosion of a killer move.


She was the disguise of Spectral Soul, he had just received Fairy Zi Wei’s information, he was not in a good mood.


“Fang Yuan is in Heavenly Court now? Of course he is, I knew about that long ago!”


Memories surfaced in Spectral Soul’s mind regarding the event that happened days ago.


The Gu Immortals were called to assemble in Dragon Palace, Wu Shuai used the excuse that they were going to discuss the matter about attacking Qi Sea Ancestor.


But halfway through the meeting, Wu Shuai suddenly took action.


Dragon Palace roared, Night Heavenly Wolf Lord was caught off guard, he was hit by the killer move dreamy light smoke and was taken down without putting up a fight.


“Everyone, don’t panic, this person is a spy in our alliance, he is the informant of Heavenly Court.” Wu Shuai pacified the immortals while taking out evidence.


Looking at the concrete evidence, the immortals were shocked and furious, they wanted Night Wolf grotto-heaven to pay the price for this betrayal.


Wu Shuai shook his head: “We definitely need to punish Night Heavenly Wolf Lord, but the urgent matter is not this. We need to look at the big picture!”


Gu tribe’s leader frowned: “Lord Alliance Leader, because of this traitor Night Heavenly Wolf Lord, our plan to attack has been exposed. If we go ahead with it, we will no longer hit our enemies by surprise.”


Wu Shuai smiled grimly: “There is important information I have yet to tell you. Qi Sea Ancestor is not in Eastern Sea now, he has already gone to Central Continent’s Heavenly Court many days ago.”


“This is good news!” Many Gu Immortals heard this and rejoiced.


But Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch’s expression was grim: “What’s good about this? The reason why we are attacking Qi Sea Ancestor is because of his ability to get rid of the qi harvest fruits for others. Now that he is not around, what is the point of our assault?”


The Gu Immortals who cheered became stunned, after realizing the situation, the atmosphere in Dragon Palace became much grimmer.


“Don’t worry, everyone.” Wu Shuai spoke as everyone’s gazes landed on him.


He continued: “It is quite simple to resolve this problem. Since Qi Sea Ancestor has gone to Central Continent’s Heavenly Court, we will also head to Heavenly Court and kill Qi Sea Ancestor who is over there!”


“…What?”


“This…”


The Gu Immortals in the palace hesitated.


“It is not easy to attack Heavenly Court.”


“Heavenly Court is the number one human force in the world, even though it lost in the fate war, we cannot possibly defeat it.”


Many Gu Immortals wanted to give up.


But Wu Shuai snorted coldly: “You fools.”


He scolded them in public, the loud noises in the palace became silent, all of the Gu Immortals did not dare to speak anymore.


“Why aren’t you thinking about the reason why Heavenly Court invited Qi Sea Ancestor to visit them in secret?” Wu Shuai purposely asked with a stiff expression.


Xiao He Jian, who reacted quickly, said instantly: “Does this mean that Heavenly Court also has the problem of the qi harvest fruit?”


Wu Shuai chuckled: “Your grotto-heavens have the problem of the qi harvest fruit, Heavenly Court is also a grotto-heaven situated in white heaven, why wouldn’t they have the same problem?”


After hearing this, the immortals realized at once.


This was actually just their own mentality. In their mind, Heavenly Court was the supreme organization, even though it lost the fate war, they still displayed terrifying might and foundation. They had only lost because of enemies like Fang Yuan and Red Lotus Demon Venerable. From the variant human Gu Immortals’ perspective, this was not an illogical loss, it did not undermine Heavenly Court’s terrifying strength.


And because of this, the variant human Gu Immortals subconsciously thought that even if Heavenly Court had the problem of the qi harvest fruit, they could resolve it themselves, after all, Heavenly Court was created by Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable, who became venerable through qi path.


“Lord Alliance Leader is wise!” Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch patted his forehead: “Heavenly Court invited Qi Sea Ancestor to resolve their threat of the qi harvest fruit, because even though they have their qi path inheritance, they lack a qi path Gu Immortal.”


“Also, why did Heavenly Court choose to ally with Qi Sea Ancestor? Other than wanting to resist us, they also want to alleviate their own problems.”


“Precisely.” Wu Shuai looked at Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch with an expression of praise: “You guys are not too stupid after all. Heavenly Court is at its weakest state now, while Qi Sea Ancestor has gone to resolve the qi harvest fruit problem. As long as we attack them during this period, the result will be shocking when we catch them unguarded!”


“If we attack Heavenly Court before Qi Sea Ancestor starts working on the qi harvest fruit, we will attack the qi harvest fruit and force them to go on the defensive. This way, we will hold the initiative and be able to retreat or advance at will.”


“If Qi Sea Ancestor is using his killer move to eliminate the qi harvest fruit while we attack Heavenly Court, that will be even better! We can disrupt him with our full strength and cause Qi Sea Ancestor’s killer move to fail and suffer a backlash. If we work harder, we might be able to kill him on the spot.”


Wu Shuai said calmly.


“But what if Qi Sea Ancestor has already gotten rid of the qi harvest fruit by the time we attack Heavenly Court?” A Gu Immortal asked with caution.


Wu Shuai snorted coldly: “Heavenly Court’s foundation is too deep, their qi harvest fruit is also very extraordinary, if Qi Sea Ancestor spends effort to get rid of it, his own condition will definitely slip. Of course, this is just the worst case scenario, but we are in an urgent situation in the first place, we will need to take risks for any hope. Other than this, do you have other ideas?”


Facing Wu Shuai’s question, everyone was silent.


In this situation, they had no choice but to follow Wu Shuai and attack Heavenly Court.


But…


Many of the Gu Immortals were still hesitant, including their vice alliance leaders, Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch and Xiao He Jian.


“Or perhaps, we can try to experiment and find a way to get rid of the qi harvest fruit?” A Gu Immortal asked softly.


Wu Shuai’s expression sank a little, he scolded in his head: “These variant human Gu Immortals have been cowards for too long, they have absolutely no courage to take risks.”


But Wu Shuai predicted this earlier, he started to laugh.


“Why is Lord Alliance Leader laughing?” Gu tribe’s leader asked.


Wu Shuai stopped his laughter as he said: “The truth is, I am also worried about bringing you fools to attack Heavenly Court. But I have invited a strong reinforcement to help us, because of him, I learned about Night Heavenly Wolf Lord’s betrayal.”


“Oh? Who?” The immortals were curious.


Lady Cold Ash’s gaze flickered, having a guess.


At this moment, from behind Wu Shuai, a Gu Immortal walked out. He wore a white robe, his black hair extended to his waist, he had a peerless face with divine brilliance, cold light oozed out of his abyss-like eyes.


“Ahhh!”


“Fang Yuan…”


“It’s him, it really is him.”


The immortals’ pupils shrunk as their expressions changed, all of them were shocked.


Under everyone’s gaze, Fang Yuan spoke slowly in a cold tone: “Heavenly Court has gone too far, now that I have regained my strength, I am about to attack them. Without Duke Long, who can stop me?”


His voice resounded in the palace, nobody dared to retort to him. Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch and the rest had palpitating hearts, with a monster like Fang Yuan leading them, they gained a huge boost in morale and confidence!


Fang Yuan was someone who had defeated Heavenly Court, his battle strength was apparent to the whole world!


Undeniably, he was the number one demon in the current world.




