Chapter 2029: Whats The Situation?


“What… what’s the situation?” As black qi surged, Xiao He Jian was forced to retreat with shock on his face.


He saw the moment when Lady Cold Ash was killed by Che Wei, he felt a little pity for her. To think that soon after, she would actually revive!


“Was she pretending to be dead earlier, but because of bad luck, the dream path killer move almost hit her, so she had to retaliate? But… why does Lady Cold Ash have such battle strength?”


Not only was Xiao He Jian shocked, the other Gu Immortals had the same doubts.


But compared to Heavenly Court, the two heavens alliance was also filled with joy. After all, even though Lady Cold Ash was deeply concealing her strength, she was still one of them.


“That hit earlier has power similar to Duke Long. Is Lady Cold Ash someone on Duke Long’s level? Hmph, I refuse to believe it!” A Gu Immortal on Heavenly Court’s side flew out again, it was none other than Che Wei, who was displaying great might in this battle.


Che Wei flew towards Lady Cold Ash, all sorts of signs showed that the move earlier was Lady Cold Ash’s trump card, it could not be used often.


“Die!” Che Wei’s body radiated with golden light as he flew towards Lady Cold Ash like a crashing meteor.


At the same time, somewhere underground far from the battlefield.


Two Heavenly Court members were still trying to forcefully refine hatred Gu.


Red Heart Traveler controlled the formation while Qing Chou remained unmoving like a statue.




Nine Spiritual Fairy’s voice came from within the statue: “We are almost done, in just a few more minutes, we will thoroughly refine hatred Gu!”


Once she said that, Qing Chou’s dim eyes burst open, endless blood red light shot out of its eyes!


“What is going on?” Nine Spiritual Fairy shouted in shock.


“What happened?” Red Heart Traveler asked while instilling immortal essence, raising the power of the immortal formation.


But Qing Chou’s body started to shake with greater intensity.


“It’s hatred Gu… oh no!” Nine Spiritual Fairy suddenly shouted, she flew out of Qing Chou’s body like a flash of light.


Roar—!


Qing Chou regained freedom, it roared towards the sky, its voice resounded throughout the area, exploding with thunderous impact.


Boom!


At the next moment, Qing Chou charged out of the formation, flying towards the surface, leaving behind a damaged formation and two immensely shocked Heavenly Court rank eight Gu Immortals.




Red Heart Traveler, who was controlling the formation, suffered a considerable backlash, he quickly assisted the falling Nine Spiritual Fairy as he asked: “Qing Chou has flown to the battlefield, what in the world happened?”


Nine Spiritual Fairy was still in a daze, she said in uncertainty: “Maybe I saw wrongly, but at that moment, rank eight hatred Immortal Gu burst out with terrifying power, it… it had a trace of a rank nine Immortal Gu’s aura!”


At this time, the battlefield had already shifted its attention from Dragon Palace and the qi harvest fruit to Lady Cold Ash.


Lady Cold Ash’s attack was too powerful, it shocked all of the Gu Immortals.


Che Wei arrived before her, Lady Cold Ash only snorted coldly as her body flew up, turning into black light as she charged towards Dragon Palace!


At the same time, Lady Cold Ash shouted in a loud voice: “Fang Yuan, it is time for us to settle the score!”


Spectral Soul had a straightforward idea, since Fang Yuan was not showing up, he would force him out.


Times were different now.


During the fate war, Spectral Soul was very weak, he could only escape and recuperate using Fairy Zi Wei and Old Man Zheng Yuan’s strength. But now, he had already gained much of his strength, he was no longer weak.


“What is going on?” The immortals were truly stunned.


Lady Cold Ash actually ignored Che Wei, she went straight for Dragon Palace!


“Internal strife?” Che Wei’s movement halted for a moment.


“Wait and see first, this might be their scheme!” Qin Ding Ling wanted to play safe, she got the immortals to gather.


Wu Shuai frowned, he moved Dragon Palace to retreat.


But Lady Cold Ash was faster!


She placed her palm at the top of Dragon Palace.


It seemed like a weak action but it made the entire Dragon Palace fly out like a cannonball.


At the same time, the silhouettes of immemorial soul beasts appeared on the surface of Dragon Palace.


Roar roar roar…


Each immemorial soul beast silhouette that flickered would deal a huge attack to Dragon Palace. After more than ten immemorial soul beasts appeared, there was already a huge hole at the top of Dragon Palace, the pillars broke and tiles cracked, it was a terrifying sight.


Che Wei watched with sweat on his forehead, he knew the power of Dragon Palace, but Lady Cold Ash had dealt such damage to it with just one palm strike.


“So Lady Cold Ash is actually so strong! I was simply courting death earlier by attacking her.” Che Wei immediately changed directions as he retreated.


“Lady Cold Ash, what are you doing?!” Xiao He Jian shouted.


“What soul path killer move is this, it has such power…” Even though Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch showed an angry expression, he was enveloped in cold sweat.


Dragon Palace was still retreating.


“Can you escape?” Lady Cold Ash smiled coldly, she was about to attack again when a huge shadow enshrouded her body.


Lady Cold Ash turned back to take a look, she saw Qing Chou, having the size of a mountain, it had gotten close to her at some point, opening its bloodthirsty mouth as it tried to devour her.


“Hmm?” Seeing this, even Lady Cold Ash’s gaze froze for a second.


Spectral Soul was aware of Qing Chou’s existence. But he did not expect to meet Qing Chou at this place and time.


Seeing that Lady Cold Ash was about to die, suddenly, her body turned into black smoke as she drifted away, dodging Qing Chou’s attack.


“Beast, scram!” Lady Cold Ash shouted, she stretched out her hand and placed it on Qing Chou’s head.


The scene from earlier was seen again, immemorial soul beast silhouettes appeared around Qing Chou as they flickered.


Bam bam bam…


Each time a silhouette appeared, an explosive sound would follow.


Qing Chou was soon covered in injuries but it did not retreat even in the danger of death!


Spectral Soul was just about to chase after Dragon Palace when Qing Chou blocked his path again.


“Spectral Soul, I will kill you, I will kill you!” Qing Chou shouted as it pounced at Lady Cold Ash.


Spectral Soul was enraged: “I have no time to waste with you.”


He controlled Lady Cold Ash’s body as he prepared a terrifying killer move. Black smoke started to come out of Lady Cold Ash’s seven orifices, her aura was growing at a terrifying manner.


Black smoke gathered and moved towards Qing Chou.


Qing Chou’s offensive killer move went into the black smoke.


After a breath’s time, the black smoke scattered, Qing Chou’s killer move landed on Lady Cold Ash without becoming weaker at all.


Lady Cold Ash’s expression turned to shock, she was sent flying after being caught off guard.


“Rank nine Immortal Gu? No, just an incomplete product.” Lady Cold Ash swallowed a mouthful of blood, she squinted her eyes and looked at Qing Chou, her expression was stern.


Nine Spiritual Fairy had just arrived in the battlefield, her pupils shrunk: “I did not sense wrongly, rank eight hatred Gu is going to become rank nine!”


“Qing Chou originated from the souls that Spectral Soul slaughtered. The core Immortal Gu that created Qing Chou was hatred Gu, but hatred Gu and Qing Chou had an extraordinary connection. Not only did hatred Gu create Qing Chou, Qing Chou is also nourishing and nurturing hatred Gu.”


“Maybe hatred Gu was just rank six, or even four or five at the start. But as Qing Chou grew, its endless hatred allowed hatred Gu to continuously grow until now. It is already moving from rank eight to rank nine!”


Rank nine hatred Gu!




