Chapter 2034: Everyone Wants to Kill Fang Yuan


In this three sided chaotic battle, the appearance of Fairy Zi Wei’s group and Demon Immortal Qi Jue made the situation increasingly complex.


“Go and block Heavenly Court.” Spectral Soul ordered.


Fairy Zi Wei and Old Man Zheng Yuan quickly attacked with killer moves, the shining wave of attacks assaulted Qin Ding Ling and the rest with ferocity.


Other than Qi Sea Ancestor, Qin Ding Ling and the rest were all inside their Immortal Gu Houses, they were not afraid of Spectral Soul’s reinforcements.


Heavenly Court’s immortals were only furious, they were not angry about Fairy Zi Wei and Old Man Zheng Yuan’s betrayal but the fact that he used a vicious method to enslave them.


Heavenly Court believed in Fairy Zi Wei’s and Old Man Zheng Yuan’s loyalty. They knew that it was because of Spectral Soul that they betrayed Heavenly Court.


Spectral Soul snickered: “How does it feel to fight against your former allies? It will be up to you to save them, if you miss this opportunity, you will likely never have another chance in the future.”


Heavenly Court’s immortals heard this, their attacks halted for a moment.


Qin Ding Ling had sharp brows, she frowned as she ordered: “Spectral Soul wants to make us unwilling to attack, he is stalling for time. Forget about Zi Wei’s and Zheng Yuan’s lives, killing them is the same as releasing them from this predicament!”


At the crucial moment, Qin Ding Ling displayed the foresight of a leader, she showed her resolute nature.


Spectral Soul heard this, he frowned lightly.




He started to act more quickly, attacking Qing Chou again.


Fighting against him, Qing Chou soon got suppressed.


“Stop him!” Seeing that Spectral Soul was trying the same thing again to extract Qing Chou’s strength, Qin Ding Ling shouted: “Ancestor, please stop him!”


Even without her reminder, Qi Sea Ancestor had already flown towards Spectral Soul.


But at the next moment, a gush of qi currents flew out like a heavenly river, obstructing Qi Sea Ancestor.


Qi Sea Ancestor stopped his movement, he looked at the attacker: “Qi Jue!”


Demon Immortal Qi Jue smiled lightly, blocking his path: “Qi Sea, our previous battle was interrupted by Heavenly Court, that was not satisfying. Let us fight fairly this time.”


The hearts of Heavenly Court’s immortals sank.


At the crucial moment, Demon Immortal Qi Jue actually came to help Spectral Soul!


What sort of agreement did they make?




Fairy Zi Wei was surprised too, Demon Immortal Qi Jue was definitely an unexpectedly strong reinforcement!


Purple light flickered in her eyes as she realized: “Long ago, Demon Immortal Qi Jue had already started buying all sorts of inheritances in treasure yellow heaven of various paths. He is from the Olden Antiquity Era, he revived after the destruction of fate Gu. Using these inheritances, he can catch up to the current great era!”


“The reason why Qi Jue is helping us is likely because master made a deal with him, he sold a large number of inheritances.”


Fairy Zi Wei made an accurate guess.


Even though Demon Immortal Qi Jue did not expose his identity in treasure yellow heaven, he did not conceal himself either, his intentions were clearly known to everyone.


Since Heavenly Court could notice Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s actions, why wouldn’t Spectral Soul?


Because of historical reasons, Demon Immortal Qi Jue would not cooperate with Heavenly Court. But Spectral Soul was also in the demonic path, he had a vast number of inheritances, he was the most ideal person to transact with Qi Jue.


“Fang Yuan, you cannot escape today.” Spectral Soul smiled coldly, he arrived at Qing Chou’s back again.


At the next moment, he attacked!


Qing Chou growled angrily but its strength was being absorbed by Spectral Soul. As an immemorial soul beast, even with the quasi-rank nine hatred Gu, Qing Chou was completely countered by Spectral Soul.


Qing Chou’s aura fell greatly while Spectral Soul became more energized and lively.


After he finished his absorption, he kicked, Qing Chou fell towards the ground.


Next, he charged towards Fang Yuan at lightning speed.


Immortal killer move — Pure Dream Reality Seeker Transformation!


The dream realms surrounding Dragon Palace had a huge chunk missing, they turned into Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies as they flew into Spectral Soul’s immortal aperture.


Spectral Soul actually had enough Immortal Gu to unleash the killer move, pure dream reality seeker transformation!


He had purposely let Fang Yuan go earlier without using this move, now that he got rid of Qing Chou, he let his reinforcements block Heavenly Court and Qi Sea Ancestor while he finally went after Fang Yuan!


All the immortals were shaken.


The battle had been in Spectral Soul’s grasp since the start.


In history, Spectral Soul was renowned for his killing intent, but that did not mean that he could only kill to solve his problems. He was aloof, crafty, and vicious, but when he was alive, he had no need to use any of these methods, his own strength was sufficient to kill all problems.


But now that Spectral Soul’s strength was not much higher than his enemies, he started to use various methods to complement his battle strength.


At once, a large number of dream realms were reclaimed by Spectral Soul.


Fairy Zi Wei and the rest fought against Heavenly Court while Qi Sea Ancestor battled Demon Immortal Qi Jue, facing a disadvantage.


Demon Immortal Qi Jue had the secluded domain of heaven and earth, ‘Xi’, he resisted Qi Sea Ancestor, who cultivated qi path.


The situation was critical, Fang Yuan could not use the dream realms to stop his enemies anymore.


The door of Dragon Palace suddenly opened, several Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies flew out of his dream realm defensive line, directly heading for Spectral Soul.


Boom boom boom.


The Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies self-detonated, creating dream realms in the air.


Spectral Soul quickly dodged them, he managed to avoid being trapped by the dream realms.


But using this chance, Wu Shuai moved Dragon Palace out of the dream realm circle through one of the gaps, with Myriad Year Flying Warship following behind closely.


The intent of the two Immortal Gu Houses was obvious.


“Where are you trying to go?!” Spectral Soul shouted as he got past the dream realms, approaching them again.


Fang Yuan was his main target, he needed to be killed.


This was a prime opportunity, Spectral Soul was going to follow Fang Yuan no matter where he went.


Spectral Soul stared at Dragon Palace and Myriad Year Flying Warship, his eyes flickering with killing intent and determination!


At the next moment, Dragon Palace and Myriad Year Flying Warship split up, they escaped in two directions.


Spectral Soul was dazed.


What should he do?


When Myriad Year Flying Warship and Dragon Palace were inside the ring of dream realms, they were isolated from the outside, Spectral Soul had no idea which one Fang Yuan was hiding in.


There was only one Spectral Soul, he could not chase after both Immortal Gu Houses.


But Spectral Soul made his decision almost instantly, he shouted: “Demon Immortal Qi Jue, chase after Myriad Year Flying Warship! After we succeed, I will not stint on your reward.”


Demon Immortal Qi Jue chuckled as he used Xi Land to absorb one of Qi Sea Ancestor’s killer moves, he easily moved away and chased after Myriad Year Flying Warship.


Spectral Soul went after Dragon Palace instead.


After receiving his orders, Fairy Zi Wei started to retreat.


“What do we do?” Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals asked Qin Ding Ling.


Qin Ding Ling looked at Fairy Zi Wei and the rest, saying without hesitation: “Kill Fang Yuan first!”


But the problem that Spectral Soul faced earlier was also happening to Heavenly Court, which Immortal Gu House was Fang Yuan in?


“Do we just pick one and gamble on our luck?” Qin Ding Ling frowned, even though she was not willing to do that, Heavenly Court lacked wisdom path Gu Immortals, they could only do this.


“I can help you people.” Fairy Zi Wei suddenly stopped her movement as she said: “I have a way to deduce Fang Yuan’s location.”


Heavenly Court’s immortals were dazed.


“What method? How long will it take?” Qi Sea Ancestor asked.


“With our help, it will only take a moment.” Bing Sai Chuan’s voice resounded, everyone turned around, seeing that Calamity Luck Altar had arrived.


“They finally arrived.” Fairy Zi Wei let out a breath of air.


She was obviously the one who asked the Longevity Heaven members to come. Earlier, Fairy Zi Wei and the rest received orders from Spectral Soul to deceive Longevity Heaven and assault Heavenly Court on their own. But the situation changed too quickly, on the way here, Fairy Zi Wei analyzed the situation and made the plan to use Longevity Heaven’s strength.


After getting Spectral Soul’s permission, Fairy Zi Wei contacted Longevity Heaven immediately.


As Calamity Luck Altar approached, Bing Sai Chuan said: “Our lord said that this world does not need too many chess players.”


The immortals’ hearts shook.


Bing Sai Chuan’s lord was obviously Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.


All the signs showed that this venerable had deep aspirations, he still had abundant will and strength left in the world.


In the current situation, Fang Yuan was the most likely person to become venerable. Immortal zombie Giant Sun did not want this to happen, thus, he changed his plan and decided to kill Fang Yuan before he could grow fully!


Qin Ding Ling gritted her teeth, she was stuck at a difficult contemplation.


Cooperate with Spectral Soul and Longevity Heaven?


The former was a demonic path venerable, the latter was a strong foe during the fate war, they were all responsible for the destruction of fate!


Ally with them?


Qin Ding Ling only thought about it for a few breaths of time before she squeezed out a word: “Alright.”


Like what Bing Sai Chuan said earlier, there was no need for too many chess players in the world. Fang Yuan was destined to be their enemy, he was a walking treasure chest, everyone wanted to kill him first, after that, Heavenly Court would deal with Spectral Soul and Giant Sun!




