Chapter 2036: Strong, Weak


“Go.” Fairy Zi Wei called out as her fingers moved rapidly, producing countless shadows. The killer move activated, a thousand Gu worms flew out and turned into a vague purple shadow that filled up the final blank area of the wisdom path formation.


The Gu Immortals watched were all first rate Gu Immortals in the entire five regions, seeing this, they could not help but admit that Fairy Zi Wei was very skilled at setting up formations.


Fairy Zi Wei let out a breath of air, perspiration gathering on her forehead.


Her eyes stared at the formation before her, at this point, it was time to add in the core Immortal Gu.


This situation was quite peculiar, Fairy Zi Wei was setting up the formation in front of many strong foes. There was a chance that these Gu Immortals might attack her during the process, thus, Fairy Zi Wei used a rare method for this arrangement, she first placed the mortal Gu and set up a bare framework first, before filling it up with Immortal Gu at the end.


Fairy Zi Wei temporarily stopped her actions to catch a breather, she looked at Qin Ding Ling and Calamity Luck Altar.


Calamity Luck Altar was shining in brilliant light, the Gu Immortal controlling the Immortal Gu House, Bing Sai Chuan, knew about her worries, he transmitted: “With my protection, you can rest assured, quickly set up the formation.”


Fairy Zi Wei did not have Fang Yuan’s formation flag Gu, otherwise, she would not need to set up this formation each time.


She knew that time was running out, after hearing Bing Sai Chuan’s words, she started to put Immortal Gu into the formation.


Each time an Immortal Gu was placed, the formation would shake once and shine in a beautiful purple light, the scene was incredibly beautiful, it was a pity that none of the Gu Immortals had the mood to appreciate it.


Inside Calamity Luck Altar, Bing Sai Chuan stared at the formation, guarding against any potential threats that would attack, he broke the silence as he said: “Hei Lou Lan, you have been with Fang Yuan for a long time, what do you think he would do in this situation?”




Hei Lou Lan was standing right beside Bing Sai Chuan, even though she was a woman, her face had strong contours, she possessed sharp and long brows, bright eyes and a heroic aura.


Hei Lou Lan heard the question, she thought about it and said: “Fang Yuan only has three options, Dragon Palace, Myriad Year Flying Warship, or to stay in the dream realm.


“Hiding in the dream realm is too risky for Fang Yuan. Not only can Spectral Soul take the dream realm away, Heavenly Court also has ways to deal with the dream realm. If I were Fang Yuan, I would not stay here and wait for death.”


“Of course…” Hei Lou Lan smiled helplessly: “This is not guaranteed to be the case, thus, Heavenly Court chose to stay by the dream realm. Fairy Zi Wei has also stayed behind to make deductions using the formation, she is also observing the dream realm. She is a wisdom path great expert, she knows that she cannot interfere with the two Immortal Gu Houses, she is most needed here.”


“Myriad Year Flying Warship is faster than Dragon Palace, this can deceive the enemy, but I do not think that Fang Yuan would hide inside it. This is because Myriad Year Flying Warship is still slower than Spectral Soul, but its defense is lower than Dragon Palace. If Spectral Soul chooses to chase Myriad Year Flying Warship and attack it, Myriad Year Flying Warship would not last as long as Dragon Palace.”


Hei Lou Lan smiled coldly: “During the fate war, Fang Yuan lost his Twelve Zodiac battle formation, if it were still around, he would likely escape in Myriad Year Flying Warship. Thus, I think that Fang Yuan is most likely hiding inside Dragon Palace!”


Hei Lou Lan had an eerie gaze: “Spectral Soul likely thinks the same too, that is why he chased Dragon Palace while asking Demon Immortal Qi Jue to go after Myriad Year Flying Warship, he made precautions for both situations. Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal body originated from Spectral Soul, he also has all of Spectral Soul’s dream realms. If Spectral Soul can kill him and reclaim the sovereign immortal body and the dream realms, he will rise up once again!”


“Even though we want to kill Fang Yuan, we cannot let Spectral Soul succeed. Even though Shadow Sect is working with us now, they have ill intentions. After all, Fairy Zi Wei managed to deduce the fact Fang Yuan was in Heavenly Court but they kept it from us, allowing Spectral Soul to attack Heavenly Court alone. Only when they needed our reinforcement did they call for us.”


“Thus, in my opinion, we should just watch from the side and exert influence on the situation. If possible, it will be best if we can take down Spectral Soul, Fang Yuan, and Heavenly Court in one move!”


“Hahaha.” Bing Sai Chuan laughed loudly, praising: “Good analysis! Quite impressive. Northern Plains’ Hei tribe was too disappointing, but you live up to Giant Sun’s bloodline. I’ll tell you the truth, after I woke up, I received information about you. After observing you for some time, I can say that you are a genius! It was just that your life was quite tough, you were schemed against by your father and suppressed by Fang Yuan, you merely lacked an opportunity to develop, otherwise, you would not be in this state.”




Hei Lou Lan heard the praise, her gaze focused on Bing Sai Chuan’s face.


Bing Sai Chuan had a tall body, his face was gentle but there was an ugly scar extending from his right ear to his left cheek. He originally had a cold expression but now, he looked at Hei Lou Lan with admiration and satisfaction.


Hei Lou Lan’s heart jumped, an intense feeling appeared in her heart. Bing Sai Chuan’s appreciation towards her ability was probably the most valuable fortuitous encounter in her life!


After realizing that, Hei Lou Lan did not hesitate anymore, she stood straight and cupped her fists: “I will listen to lord’s orders!”


Bing Sai Chuan laughed loudly, before stopping as he looked at Hei Lou Lan with a solemn and serious gaze: “Good, Hei Lou Lan, are you willing to rebuild Northern Plains’ Hei tribe?”


Northern Plains’ Hei tribe had been taken down long ago, it was now occupied by Heavenly Lord Bai Zu to develop his tribe. Hei tribe’s Gu Immortals even became members of Bai Zu tribe, they were simply the disgrace of the Huang Jin bloodline.


Hei Lou Lan expressed her willingness to do so no matter what.


“But I am currently too weak…” Hei Lou Lan purposely showed a hesitant expression filled with difficulty.


Bing Sai Chuan waved his hand as he tossed her a Gu worm.


Hei Lou Lan quickly received it, she saw that this rank seven Immortal Gu looked like a black and gold beetle, it was very heavy, Hei Lou Lan did not recognize it at once.


Bing Sai Chuan explained: “Hei Lou Lan, you have the Great Strength True Martial Physique, you should cultivate solely strength path, your future will be very bright. You have our Huang Jin bloodline, you are a Northern Plainsman from birth, I am sure you will not disappoint me, we will not stint on your strength path resources from now on. Take this strong Gu first, even though it is rule path, it suits you very well.”


“Strong Gu?!” Hei Lou Lan’s body shook.


“Alright, Fairy Zi Wei’s formation is ready, go inside first.” Bing Sai Chuan instructed.


Hei Lou Lan left Calamity Luck Altar and went into the formation.


She had a plain expression but her heart was filled with deep emotions and turbulence. Strong Gu was recorded in <<The Legends of Ren Zu>>, it had a close connection to the Great Strength True Martial Physique. Bing Sai Chuan gave this legendary Immortal Gu to Hei Lou Lan, it showed how much he wanted to nurture her.


Hei Lou Lan realized in her heart: “It seems that my life is going to undergo a huge change now!”


<<The Legends of Ren Zu>>, chapter five, section thirty-one states —


Ren Zu lost freedom Gu, he was anguished and only recovered after a long time.


Ren Zu was troubled, he asked cognition Gu: “Oh cognition Gu, how can I obtain freedom Gu again? After what happened last time, freedom Gu will not approach me anymore.”


Cognition Gu answered: “Oh human, why do you desire freedom Gu so much?”


Ren Zu replied irritably: “Don’t you know the reason already? I am searching for freedom in order to break free of the restraints of fate.”


Cognition Gu answered once again: “Then I have nothing much to tell you. Haven’t you told fate Gu the answer to this question already?”


Ren Zu was dazed before he recalled.


Before he went insane, he met fate Gu. When he was harmed by fate Gu, he shouted at it that he would use his own strength and wisdom to obtain freedom, he would eventually break free from fate’s control!


Ren Zu’s eyes brightened: “Oh Gu, I remember now, thank you for the reminder. I need to rely on myself to break free of fate. I already have my own strength, what I lack is my own wisdom. I need to let self Gu eat a mouthful of wisdom Gu, just like how it ate a part of strength Gu in the past.”


“But where is wisdom Gu?” Ren Zu asked cognition Gu.


Cognition Gu: “I do not know. Wisdom Gu has been to many places, its location is not fixed. You can find wisdom in countless places, so human, you need to find it yourself.”


Ren Zu nodded as he set off on his journey again.


He walked and walked and walked, one day, he saw two Gu worms chasing each other along the road.


One Gu worm was white and tiny, it escaped ahead as it begged for mercy: “Stop chasing me, stop chasing me, I do not want to be eaten by you.”


The other Gu was clearly larger in size, it had thick armor and said in a deep tone: “I want to eat you, I want to eat you! No matter where you escape to, I will eat you!”


The tiny white Gu was about to be caught by the larger Gu behind, it suddenly saw Ren Zu and hid behind him: “Oh human, I beg of you, quickly save me.”


Ren Zu saw that this Gu worm was so pitiful, it was chased by another Gu worm, unable to fend for itself, he felt like he was seeing himself.


At this instance, a new heart grew in his chest — the heart of sympathy.


Ren Zu stretched out both arms as he stopped the larger Gu: “Stop, stop chasing it.”


The armored Gu shouted: “Hey human, are you obstructing me? No, you cannot stop me, you are unable to stop me.”


“Why is that so?” Ren Zu was curious.


The armored Gu explained: “I am strong Gu, that is weak Gu. Since time immemorial, the rule of nature is that the strong prey on the weak. Thus, strong must eat weak, weaklings are the food of the strong.”


Ren Zu sighed as he tried to convince the Gu: “Then why don’t you let it off just this once, look at how pitiful it is.”


Strong Gu sneered: “Not even once! In the eyes of the strong, weaklings have no stature, there is no sympathy for the weak. This is because heaven and earth will never pity the weak, it will only marvel at the incredible feats of the strong. Weaklings are born to be subdued, controlled, and devoured by the strong.”


Ren Zu saw that his words fell on deaf ears, he could only deny strong Gu forcefully: “I have already saved this Gu, go and eat others.”


Strong Gu knew that it could not beat Ren Zu alone, it could only fly away in dissatisfaction: “I will be back.”




