Chapter 2045: Myriad Tribulations Transformation


“Fang Yuan, this is as far as you go!” Spectral Soul chased for some time before attacking again, he was very confident this time.


At once, dark winds howled, black clouds filled the sky, it was like an immensely thick wall appeared before Dragon Palace.


“This is… quickly retreat!” At this moment, Wu Shuai’s expression turned nervous, he noticed that this was a soul path battlefield killer move!


Black clouds spread out as Dragon Palace and Qi Sea Ancestor quickly retreated.


Immortal killer move — Soul Taker Battlefield!


This was Spectral Soul’s famous battlefield killer move.


Spectral Soul had used this move to kill countless enemies. Once the battlefield was activated, dark blue soul beasts would be formed within the dense fog, there would be countless soul beasts that appeared unceasingly. Living beings who died in this battlefield would have their souls taken and transformed into soul beasts, under the control of the killer move’s user.


When Dragon Palace was trapped by the black smoke spiral, there was still hope of escaping. But if it got trapped by soul taker battlefield, the chances of escaping would be close to zero.


Fang Yuan had Shadow Sect’s true inheritance, soul taker battlefield was included in this inheritance, he knew a lot about the move.


But now, Spectral Soul used this move openly, it was likely that he had already modified and improved upon it. In fact, Fang Yuan’s knowledge might be a trap from Spectral Soul.


At this moment, Fang Yuan and Qi Sea Ancestor did not dare to continue fighting, they quickly focused on escaping.




Spectral Soul rode on the endless black smoke as he chased after them.


When ordinary Gu Immortals used battlefield killer moves, they would need to cancel it if it could not trap the enemy.


But was Spectral Soul ordinary?


He used the split move technique to split soul taker battlefield into many parts. The first part was the black smoke, Spectral Soul could sustain it and move it around without any problem or weakness.


“Soul taker battlefield was created by Spectral Soul in his early days, he used it until the later part of his life. By then, he created an even stronger battlefield killer move — Hundred Million Slaughterfield. Why isn’t he using the stronger killer move? Unless, he does not have the necessary Gu worms?” Fang Yuan guessed.


Spectral Soul was also guessing: “After escaping from Heavenly Court, Fang Yuan has been going north. Where is he trying to go? Northern Plains? If it is Northern Plains, which location is he going to? Crazed Demon Cave?”


Now that the five regions were united and the regional walls vanished, Spectral Soul had a huge advantage. Without the regional walls, Fang Yuan only has several ways to shrug off these pursuers.


Spectral Soul was very familiar with the five regions, he guessed Crazed Demon Cave at the first try.


Even if Spectral Soul could not be certain, he knew that stopping Fang Yuan from going to the north was a wise decision. Thus, Spectral Soul moved his black smoke to spread out across the surroundings, forcing Fang Yuan to change directions as he flew back to Sorrowful Wind Mountain Range.


At the same time, in another battlefield.




“I’m done.” Feng Jin Huang panted heavily as she stopped her killer move. Her forehead was covered in sweat. Using pure dream reality seeker transformation killer move like this placed a huge pressure on her.


But it was done now.


Under the supervision of Heavenly Court, Shadow Sect, and Longevity Heaven, more than ten rank eight Gu Immortals watched as Feng Jin Huang kept all of the dream realms away.


Fang Yuan was nowhere in sight!


“Fang Yuan was not hiding here after all.” The Gu Immortals were disappointed but also sighed in relief secretly.


Qin Ding Ling immediately asked as she moved her Immortal Gu House closer to the wisdom path formation: “Fairy Zi Wei, I’ve given you so much time. Right now, tell me, where is Fang Yuan’s main body?”


Calamity Luck Altar quickly moved ahead as it blocked Qin Ding Ling, Bing Sai Chuan’s voice resounded from within: “Slow down, immortal concubine from Heavenly Court!”


He called Qin Ding Ling an immortal concubine, he was referring to her past as Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s woman.


But soon, Bing Sai Chuan changed the subject to Fairy Zi Wei: “But I hold the same suspicions as Immortal Concubine Qin. Fairy Zi Wei, I hope you can give us a satisfactory answer.”


Bing Sai Chuan could not wait either.


Because after such a long time, Fairy Zi Wei still had not given them an answer, it was not like what she said to them earlier.


Fairy Zi Wei stopped using the wisdom path formation as she collected the Gu worms.


She made up an excuse on the spot: “The situation is different from last time, Fang Yuan is prepared against us. However, I found his location after all.”


“Where?” Qin Ding Ling asked immediately.


Fairy Zi Wei had already kept away her core Immortal Gu, she answered: “Fang Yuan is in Dragon Palace.”


She spoke the truth.


Trying to keep Fang Yuan’s location a secret now was pointless.


Demon Immortal Qi Jue had his own plan, he was already heading towards Spectral Soul’s location, Myriad Year Flying Warship followed closely behind it.


From one glance, it was obvious where Fang Yuan’s main body was.


“We will pursue them!” Qin Ding Ling ordered.


Heavenly Court’s Immortal Gu Houses started to fly together as they guarded each other.


Shadow Sect and Longevity Heaven also followed suit.


But the three parties were quite spaced apart, the atmosphere was a little tense.


Fairy Zi Wei’s side was quite helpless here, she wanted to stop Heavenly Court here but the alliance with Longevity Heaven was not reliable, they were only allied in name.


As for Heavenly Court?


Qin Ding Ling could not confirm the truth behind Fairy Zi Wei’s words, but since Fang Yuan was not inside the dream realms, he had to be in Dragon Palace or Myriad Year Flying Warship. Looking at Spectral Soul’s actions, it was more likely that Fang Yuan was inside Dragon Palace.


Before they found Fang Yuan’s main body, Qin Ding Ling did not want to target Fairy Zi Wei. It was too much of a waste of time now, and in this period, if either Spectral Soul or Fang Yuan claims victory while Heavenly Court was not around, it would be a huge loss.


For Longevity Heaven, Bing Sai Chuan also wanted to see how things progressed. He did not want to act rashly, because their strength was not enough to suppress everyone, he needed to use his timing well and target Fang Yuan. If he managed to kill Fang Yuan, the gains would be immense.


All three groups targeted Fang Yuan.


It was really a rare chance to kill Fang Yuan, the opportunity would not present itself twice.


Boom!


With a loud sound, Dragon Palace crashed into a mountain like a shooting star.


But Dragon Palace did not stop there, it went deep into the mountain’s interior as a result of the huge force that sent it flying.


Qi Sea Ancestor quickly used qi wall to obstruct Spectral Soul from chasing after it.


But Spectral Soul smiled coldly, he moved around Qing Chou.


Instantly, Qing Chou’s eyes turned red as it attacked furiously.


Qi Sea Ancestor’s attacks were stopped by Qing Chou, using this chance, Spectral Soul flew downwards.


At the moment of crisis, a heavily damaged Dragon Palace flew out of the smoke, dodging Spectral Soul’s assault.


Not long ago, Qing Chou joined in the battle against Spectral Soul, but it was made use of instead.


Fang Yuan fell into danger again, Dragon Palace suffered a heavy blow, it was about to break, it could only escape and stall for some time.


The outside battle was tense, but inside Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture, a change had occurred even though the myriad tribulation was still rampaging.


Fang Yuan sacrificed his soul beast group resolutely, not only did they bear the brunt of the tribulation, heaven’s will’s attention was also drawn away.


The pressure on Fang Yuan lifted by a bit, there was finally a chance for him to activate the human path formation again.


The human path formation erupted with great might as a grand white light pillar shot into the sky, into the depths of the lightning clouds.


At once, the myriad tribulation’s lightning clouds froze.


Using this chance, Combat Beast King attacked, scattering countless Gu worms in the sky.


Fang Yuan’s divine sense enveloped them as he set up a formation rapidly.


In order to make this counterattack, he had made ample preparations. With his deep formation path attainment, he quickly created a formation in the sky.


Heaven’s will reacted after that, sending lightning bolts to attack together.


Combat Beast King roared as he intercepted the lightning bolts without dodging.


After over ten breaths of time, his star armor shattered, he fell to the ground while bathed in blood.


With a loud sound, he created a pit on the ground as he fell unconscious, either dead or alive.


Lightning bolts shot towards the formation again.


At the critical moment, the formation’s set up finally succeeded as it turned into a huge basin.


The basin shot out profound light that had a mysterious attractive force, it absorbed all of the lightning bolts that shot out.


The myriad tribulation was very fierce but the basin successfully absorbed and turned it into a pool of lightning plasma.


The lightning bolts continued to attack while the lightning pool grew in volume.


The lightning pool was not special, it was a common resource point for lightning path cultivators, almost all lightning path Gu Immortals would create one in their immortal aperture. It was like how light path Gu Immortals would create a Five Light Mountain.


But this lightning pool’s appearance was a huge help to Fang Yuan, it bore the brunt of this myriad destruction lightning forest tribulation. It was even more effective than the old Combat Beast King.


This was because this lightning pool’s core was not ordinary, it was a rank eight Immortal Gu that Fang Yuan had — Lightning Gu!


But good times did not last, heaven’s will controlled the myriad tribulation to target the newly formed lightning pool. As the water level of this pool rose gradually, it was about to overflow.


Immortal killer move — Unrestrained Heavenly Mark!


Fang Yuan directly used this killer move on the deep blue plasma in the lightning pool.


The plasma seemed to be made of lightning path dao marks, but it was actually formed from a small portion of those three thousand heaven path dao marks.


These dao marks were restrained by the lightning pool, they were sitting ducks. Due to Fang Yuan’s killer move, they were quickly refined, the efficiency was much higher than before!


One, two, five… ten dao marks!


The water level of the lightning pool stabilized before falling rapidly.


The lightning in the sky suddenly ceased.


Heaven’s will was not stupid, it knew that continuing with this would lead to failure, Fang Yuan would gain much more instead.


It started to transform the myriad tribulation.


Heaven path was inclusive of everything, it contained lightning path, it could turn into countless lighting bolts. It also contained other paths, it naturally had all sorts of forms to take.


Since Fang Yuan made a countermeasure, heaven’s will immediately stopped and changed its method to cause destruction to sovereign immortal aperture.


For ordinary myriad tribulations, the content would be fixed once it appeared.


But Fang Yuan’s myriad tribulation was special, it was made of over three thousand heaven path dao marks, heaven’s will controlled it personally, it could change forms at will.


This undoubtedly raised the difficulty of Fang Yuan’s tribulation by many times!


“This is too much…” As the old Combat Beast King woke up gradually, he had already separated from the star sea snail. Deep within the pit, his old body was buried in the fragments of the star sea snail, he looked at the changing myriad tribulation as this old rank eight Gu Immortal showed a deep expression of despair.


At the same time, in the external battlefield.


“Spectral Soul, I will lend you a hand!” Demon Immortal Qi Jue had finally arrived.


Spectral Soul gained reinforcements but he had an unhappy expression, he only snorted in reply.


He knew about Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s true intentions, but now was not the time for internal conflict.




