Chapter 2046: Falling for a Trap


Demon Immortal Qi Jue arrived and immediately attacked Qi Sea Ancestor. The secluded domain of heaven and earth above his head, Xi Land, was too powerful against qi path.


Qi Sea Ancestor was Dragon Palace’s greatest help, now that he was restrained, Dragon Palace’s situation became more dangerous.


But soon, Myriad Year Flying Warship arrived too and started to join the fight. Even though Fang Yuan faced much difficulty, he managed to drag this fight on.


Spectral Soul yelled, his body moved like a specter, his palm landed on Dragon Palace again.


Countless soul beast silhouettes appeared on the surface of Dragon Palace like a series of still images, a portion of Dragon Palace shattered, it was damaged both internally and externally.


Dragon Palace unleashed dreamy light smoke, Spectral Soul quickly retreated.


At the next moment, Demon Immortal Qi Jue pointed at Dragon Palace suddenly.


Qi currents gathered, they exploded instantly.


The exterior of Dragon Palace had already been blown to bits, only the main hall was left. Now that it suffered this powerful attack from Demon Immortal Qi Jue, a huge hole appeared on the roof of this main hall, it could be seen from the outside.


Spectral Soul saw this and smiled coldly, not holding back his praise: “Qi Jue, well done!”


At this stage, everyone knew that Dragon Palace was in grave danger, if they worked harder, they would be able to shatter it entirely.




Fang Yuan and Qi Sea Ancestor could cooperate, Demon Immortal Qi Jue and Spectral Soul could do the same as well!


After Demon Immortal Qi Jue joined the fight, he suppressed Qi Sea Ancestor and cooperated with Spectral Soul. Even though they did not have close coordination, these two had abundant battle experience, they could find ways to work together.


And this cooperation pushed Dragon Palace beyond the brink of destruction.


When Fairy Zi Wei, Qin Ding Ling, and Bing Sai Chuan arrived, they saw that Dragon Palace shattered into countless fragments as they scattered everywhere.


Fang Yuan and Wu Shuai, who were inside Dragon Palace were exposed, but they quickly went inside Myriad Year Flying Warship, which came to pick them up.


Myriad Year Flying Warship was significantly faster than Dragon Palace, it immediately moved away and escaped.


The three groups of immortals were stunned before feeling great joy.


“Quick, Fang Yuan is done for!”


“Dragon Palace was actually destroyed!!”


“Even though Myriad Year Flying Warship is fast, in terms of defense, it is inferior to Dragon Palace.”




“We must kill Fang Yuan, we must restore Heavenly Court’s reputation.”


“Fang Yuan destroyed our Imperial Court blessed land, there is deep hatred between him and Longevity Heaven. We will kill him and take all of his true inheritances and Gu worms. We will pull out his soul and torture him for all eternity!”


“Fang Yuan, it is finally time for Shadow Sect to take care of you.”


“We will kill Fang Yuan first before we compete among ourselves. We must not let him have any chance of getting away during our conflict!”


The immortals rushed up, they pursued Fang Yuan with great enthusiasm.


This was the greatest predicament that Fang Yuan had ever been in since his rebirth. He was currently chased by the top three super forces in the world, most of the world’s strongest experts had gathered behind him. Qin Ding Ling, Fairy Zi Wei, and Bing Sai Chuan were Gu Immortals that left a name for themselves in history, there was even a fearsome being like Spectral Soul.


“Fang Yuan, you cannot escape.” Spectral Soul smiled coldly to himself, when he saw that everyone’s target was Fang Yuan, he did not chase them away, he allowed everyone to pursue him.


“Stay attentive, defend against Spectral Soul and Longevity Heaven.” Qin Ding Ling instructed.


This was truly an amazing sight.


Heavenly Court, Longevity Heaven, and Shadow Sect joined forces to pursue Fang Yuan, but because of their mutual wariness, they did not go all out.


Fang Yuan did not create a situation where the three sides clashed because they all were not simple characters. At the same time, Fang Yuan’s grudges with them were too deep, the wealth that he held was also too alluring.


Even if they held back, they were still sufficiently strong, their killer moves were all strange and unpredictable.


Not long afterwards, Myriad Year Flying Warship became covered in damages, many Gu worm corpses fell off it while it flew and escaped.


“At this rate, there is no way out!” Wu Shuai shouted: “Main body, our road to the north has been blocked, we can only go southwest now, this is hopeless. We cannot last much longer, Myriad Year Flying Warship is much frailer than Dragon Palace.”


Fang Yuan’s main body was sitting down and dealing with the myriad tribulation, he instructed: “Go underground, see if there’s any hope underground.”


Myriad Year Flying Warship was maneuvering in the sky, dodging Spectral Soul’s black soul ball, but a large number of killer moves still landed on it.


The white ship defended against the barrage of killer moves, soon, a portion of the ship turned dim as the white color turned to grey, it floated in the sky. Next, it vanished into thin air after intense winds swept it away.


Myriad Year Flying Warship was like an injured flying fish, it dived downwards, almost crashing to the ground.


“Follow it!”


“This ship will break with three more rounds of attacks.”


“Fang Yuan must die!”


“If we cannot obtain it, we will destroy the sovereign immortal aperture along with him, we cannot let others benefit from this.”


The three forces made similar decisions as they ordered.


Boom!


Myriad Year Flying Warship dived down underground like a white meteor.


As dust clouds rumbled, earth shook but it could not scare off the pursuers, they followed the hole that Myriad Year Flying Warship created as they dived in.


Bam bam bam…


Many killer moves continued to land on Myriad Year Flying Warship.


Myriad Year Flying Warship was starting to break apart, it was in a critical state.


“Hahaha, Fang Yuan made a foolish move, this is the underground, Myriad Year Flying Warship can’t move easily while we can hit it with great precision.”


“He can neither go up or down now! Fang Yuan, you demon, you slaughtered innocents and harmed the world, today you will face retribution, this is all just desserts!”


“Offending us will lead to your pitiful end!”


The immortals roared in anger.


Seeing that Fang Yuan was escaping in distress, all of the immortals’ morale surged to a peak level.


They just needed to put in a bit more effort to see Fang Yuan die right in front of them.


Within Myriad Year Flying Warship, Wu Shuai was covered in blood. With such intense attacks, Myriad Year Flying Warship could not be repaired in time.


Rumble…


After the immortals made their preparation, they started to attack again with a new wave of moves.


Countless killer moves were unleashed with some distance between them, trying to avoid nullifying each other, the terrifying wave of attacks swept towards Myriad Year Flying Warship layer by layer.


“Die!”


Bam.


At the moment of life and death, Myriad Year Flying Warship crashed into the rock in front and barged into a huge underground space.


Myriad Year Flying Warship had room to maneuver, it dodged most of the killer moves and escaped destruction. It was like a drowning person suddenly breathing in some air.


“What happened?”


“We entered Earth Abyss!”


“Is this Fang Yuan’s intention?”


“Chase him, we cannot let him escape.”


The immortals were stunned before charging through the rocks, arriving in the underground space.


It turned out that while Spectral Soul chased Fang Yuan, they went towards the southeast from Sorrowful Wind Mountain Range. Demon Immortal Qi Jue came from the east, he cooperated with Spectral Soul to force Fang Yuan to go southwest. Finally, because Fairy Zi Wei and the rest came from the south, Fang Yuan had to go west in the end.


After traveling west for some time, they arrived in Ancient Soul Sect’s territory.


Ancient Soul Sect was one of the ten great ancient sects, it had a long history, one of Ancient Soul Sect’s territories was a huge underground abyss.


The underground abyss was at least hundreds of thousands of square kilometers in size. The space was extremely large and the underground world was deep and secluded. There were all sorts of caves and tunnels, some were like labyrinths, some had giant underground lakes while some had flat ground.


Countless lifeforms lived here, in Fang Yuan’s previous life, endless beast tides emerged from Earth Abyss, attacking the surface and bringing disaster to Central Continent.


Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects spent several years before they were finally able to eradicate the beast tide from the surface. Afterwards, both righteous and demonic path Gu Masters and Gu Immortals moved together to explore Earth Abyss.


In the end, they found that this Earth Abyss was unfathomably deep, it had layers after layers, by the time Fang Yuan used Spring Autumn Cicada, they had already discovered a hundred and seven underground layers. It was impossible to estimate how many layers were still left.


“The environment here is complex, there are many lifeforms, the lower we go, the more immemorial desolate beasts there are, this is the best place to escape to.” Wu Shuai who was within Myriad Year Flying Warship realized at once.


Using Earth Abyss, Myriad Year Flying Warship’s situation started to improve.


But Spectral Soul and the rest also understood Fang Yuan’s scheme.


Many Gu Immortals stopped attacking with their full strength, they were wary against each other, but after getting so far, nobody wanted to give up.


Fang Yuan’s circumstances were dangerous, even though Myriad Year Flying Warship was not taking as much damage as before, it was still slipping towards the abyss of destruction.


Fang Yuan and Wu Shuai cooperated, they planned to the best of their ability, using the terrain, but still could not shrug off these pursuers.


The only difference was that these pursuers were now grouped into different categories.


The first and closest person to Myriad Year Flying Warship was Spectral Soul.


Followed by Qi Sea Ancestor, Demon Immortal Qi Jue, and Qing Chou.


The final group was Heavenly Court, Longevity Heaven, Shadow Sect’s Fairy Zi Wei, and the rest.


Boom!


Myriad Year Flying Warship, which was about to be destroyed, charged through the rocks again as it went to a lower layer.


Countless bats flew and escaped in panic.


In this layer, there were countless bats living around, it was like a huge black tide that had no end in sight.


Ordinary bats were turned into pulp by Myriad Year Flying Warship, while alerted immemorial black bats attacked while moving against the tide.


In this layer, black bats were the absolute rulers, because Myriad Year Flying Warship disturbed them, they were going to punish this daring invader.


“Oh?” Spectral Soul followed closely behind.


He saw the endless black bats, he became joyful and surprised.


“Fang Yuan, even heaven is not helping you, it seems that this layer will be the place you die.” Spectral Soul suddenly howled.


As the howling sound spread out, innumerable black bats died, even ancient black bats were not spared. Only immemorial black bats survived, they tried to move with difficulty in the air.


Once Spectral Soul’s howling ended, countless bat souls appeared from these bat corpses.


These souls quickly fused with his voice as black smoke enveloped Myriad Year Flying Warship from all directions.


Myriad Year Flying Warship quickly disintegrated from the invasion of the black smoke, it could not hold on anymore.


“Retrieve the core Immortal Gu, we will abandon ship!” Fang Yuan’s main body ordered.


Like how they sacrificed Dragon Palace earlier, they took back the core Immortal Gu with all their effort at the end. Dragon Palace’s core Immortal Gu Dream Token was already successfully retrieved.


But this was a dangerous move, when Immortal Gu Houses face destruction, the Gu Immortal retrieving the core Immortal Gu could only do their best and leave the rest to chance. There could even be times when they were too hasty to take out the core Immortal Gu, causing it to be severely damaged instead, eventually resulting in the Immortal Gu’s destruction.


At the next moment, Myriad Year Flying Warship broke apart entirely, Fang Yuan and Wu Shuai got exposed to the black smoke.


“He’s here! I will block him.” Wu Shuai stood before Fang Yuan.


“I said this before, your struggles are futile.” Spectral Soul approached as he spoke in an icy tone.


Qi Sea Ancestor and the rest had just arrived with the rest, he saw the overwhelming black smoke that shattered the silver-white light, Spectral Soul was attacking Fang Yuan’s main body.


“No!” Qi Sea Ancestor could not help them from this distance, he could only shout out in his mind.


At the moment before death, Fang Yuan suddenly smiled: “You fell for my trap, Spectral Soul.”




