Chapter 2057: Spectral Souls Death


2057 Spectral Soul“s Death “Quickly, quickly, we need to be faster!” Fairy Zi Wei continued to urge herself internally.


She was the only wisdom path great expert here, the duty of unraveling this battlefield killer move ended up on her shoulders.


Fairy Zi Wei’s soul was modified by Spectral Soul, she was loyal to him, she exerted herself in trying to unravel this battlefield killer move.


However, Lu Wei Yin’s illusory sand shifting shadow battlefield was not a simple battlefield.


“This earth path battlefield is extremely sturdy, it also has a layer of vagueness. I’m afraid it uses Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s battlefield as the foundation and was modified from that!”


Fairy Zi Wei was frowning deeply, her mind was heating up, with her full effort, she managed to deduce some useful information.


But there was little progress overall.


Firstly, the battlefield killer move would shrink into a tiny spot once they were activated, isolating the inside and outside. Be it from within or externally, it was hard to unravel.


Initially, Fairy Zi Wei was able to break Fang Yuan’s yama battlefield in Lang Ya blessed land because she had Feng Jiu Ge’s fate armor Immortal Gu to locate yama battlefield.


By combining both internal and external influences, she had a breakthrough in unraveling that battlefield.


Secondly, illusory sand shifting shadow battlefield was not ordinary, it was the work of a venerable, improved upon by future generations.




It was already amazing that Fairy Zi Wei could find the exact location of the battlefield so quickly, it showed her incredible wisdom path attainment.


Fairy Zi Wei continued to use various methods, sometimes, she activated individual Immortal Gu, sometimes, she used wisdom path killer moves, sometimes, she even asked the Longevity Heaven or Heavenly Court Gu Immortals to probe the illusory sand shifting shadow battlefield continuously.


This was truly an unthinkable sight.


Shadow Sect, Longevity Heaven, and Heavenly Court were actually working together closely!


At the outer periphery, the black bat group was like a raging black tide that attacked constantly. Heavenly Court’s Immortal Gu Houses were guarding against them, forming a tight defense that killed all the black bats that were daring enough to approach them.


In the inner area, Fairy Zi Wei was high in the sky with Old Man Zheng Yuan, Bai Ning Bing, and Fairy Miao Yin protecting her.


At the center, two Immortal Gu Houses were situated beside each other. They were Longevity Heaven’s Calamity Luck Altar and Heavenly Court’s Demon Judgment Board. Each time Fairy Zi Wei gave instructions, these two Immortal Gu Houses would cooperate and use their methods to attack a corner of the battlefield.


Qin Ding Ling and Bing Sai Chuan did not doubt Fairy Zi Wei’s anxiety, they also lacked a wisdom path great expert, they were willing to put in effort for this.


Everything they did was for the eventual goal, Fang Yuan!


Originally, these three forces restrained each other while chasing Fang Yuan, they had their own vigilance.




But now that the battlefield killer move enveloped Fang Yuan and Spectral Soul, these three forces started to work together, exerting their effort and energy into unraveling this battlefield killer move.


Fang Yuan’s craftiness and viciousness was deeply etched in everyone’s minds, since he put up an ambush here, he definitely had ill intentions.


The three factions’ Gu Immortals felt something amiss, they quickly worked together, attempting to thwart Fang Yuan’s plans with all their effort.


It was truly a wise decision.


But…


Guh.


Fairy Zi Wei suddenly shook as she spat out a mouthful of blood.


“Oh?” Seeing this change, all of the Gu Immortals’ attention was drawn.


Fairy Zi Wei wiped the blood off the corner of her lips, her expression was pale but she gritted her teeth, continuing her deduction.


“Heavenly Court nurtured a great immortal, for her master, she is really giving it her all.” Within Calamity Luck Altar, Bing Sai Chuan sneered as he tried to attack the two forces with words.


Within the Immortal Gu House, Qin Ding Ling snorted coldly, frowning: “Why is my luck wavering so much?”


At the next moment, Fairy Zi Wei and Old Man Zheng Yuan suddenly took action, profound light flickered, the Shadow Sect immortals were all enveloped, before they shot outside like a meteor!


Bing Sai Chuan and Qin Ding Ling’s hearts jumped, they did not think anymore, quickly controlling the Immortal Gu Houses to follow after Fairy Zi Wei.


Boom!


A terrifying explosion occurred at this moment.


Calamity Luck Altar had just started to move when an immense force assaulted it from the back.


Bing Sai Chuan growled: “Zi Wei harmed us!”


Calamity Luck Altar suffered a huge blow, but its momentum rose as it charged towards Fairy Zi Wei with killing intent.


Within Demon Judgment Board, Fang Zheng lacked experience compared to Bing Sai Chuan and Qin Ding Ling. When the explosion occurred, Demon Judgment Board was still staying motionless on the spot.


Thus, Demon Judgment Board suffered much greater damage than Calamity Luck Altar.


At once, Fang Zheng felt like he had fallen into a tsunami, he was caught unguarded, the entire Demon Judgment Board was swept away by the explosion.


Rumble!


This explosion was created by Spectral Soul’s self-detonation.


After the explosion destroyed the illusory sand shifting shadow battlefield, the three forces’ Gu Immortals who did not know what happened were greatly affected.


Both Immortal Gu Houses, Calamity Luck Altar and Demon Judgment Board, were heavily damaged, even though Fairy Zi Wei deduced the explosion slightly earlier, there was too little time, the explosion quickly implicated them, they were sent flying everywhere.


The numerous Heavenly Court Immortal Gu Houses were also sent flying like kites, blown away by the intense force.


The black bat group was even worse, hundreds of thousands of bats, be they desolate beasts or immemorial desolate beasts, were instantly blown to pieces.


The ground shook as the world seemingly collapsed, the entire scene was very chaotic now.


An extremely damaged fortress appeared in the air.


Qing Chou, which had turned into a giant, was blown into three pieces, it landed on the ground.


Xi Land was greatly damaged, it was originally complete and intact, now only less than thirty percent was left.


Demon Immortal Qi Jue was covered in blood as he flew out of this secluded domain of heaven and earth, he had a sharp gaze as he fixed his eyes on the fortress.


It was Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress!


This rank eight Immortal Gu House truly had top notch defense, even though it was heavily damaged, it still managed to block the force of Spectral Soul’s self-detonation.


At the next moment, Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress was stored into Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture.


This Immortal Gu House was too slow, it could not be relied on all the time.


Fang Yuan appeared!


Instantly, he attracted the attention of all the Gu Immortals.


But Fang Yuan was not alone, Lu Wei Yin and Wu Shuai were also around him.


“Let’s kill Fang Yuan!” Calamity Luck Altar was not in good shape, Bing Sai Chuan gave up on it and let the rest repair, while he went to kill Fang Yuan himself.


This rank eight great expert who had once fought alongside Fang Yuan did not conceal his deep killing intent towards the latter.


“Fang Yuan, what did you do to master?!” Fairy Zi Wei stopped escaping, she screamed out as blood oozed out of her nose and mouth.


Demon Immortal Qi Jue had a child-like appearance but an elderly voice, he smiled coldly: “Didn’t you all feel the severity of the explosion earlier? Spectral Soul has already self-detonated and died.”


What?!


The immortals heard this and were intensely shocked.


“The great Spectral Soul actually died?”


“The explosion earlier was too terrifying, it was clearly a soul path killer move, was it Spectral Soul’s final attack before dying?”


“But how can this be! A great Demon Venerable…”


“No, Spectral Soul is no longer a Demon Venerable.”


“Even so, he still has the number one battle strength in the world, to think that he actually died at the hands of Fang Yuan and the rest!”


“Fang Yuan actually killed Spectral Soul??”


The immortals’ expressions changed, their pupils contracted as all of their gazes focused on Fang Yuan!


Even though Spectral Soul’s death was caused by everyone’s effort, Fang Yuan was undeniably the main perpetrator.


“Fang Yuan cannot be underestimated, he is too scheming, he actually managed to kill Spectral Soul, that is a former Demon Venerable!”


“He even destroyed fate Gu, it is not strange that he managed to achieve this.”


“Kill him, we cannot let him escape. This demon being alive is truly the greatest misfortune of all lives in this world!”


“Yes, even if he was acting earlier, after killing Spectral Soul, he must definitely be in bad shape. If we don’t kill him now, when will we?”


The immortals shouted in unison.


“Fang Yuan, even if I have to die here, I want you dead!” Fairy Zi Wei’s expression was distorted, she gritted her teeth as she attacked.


On one hand, Fairy Zi Wei was modified by Spectral Soul and became extremely loyal to him, his death angered her deeply. On the other hand, she had constantly experienced failure as a result of Fang Yuan. In Heavenly Court, she failed, in Shadow Sect, she still failed, she kept losing to this Fang Yuan.


“Kill him, if Fang Yuan is not dead, the ones to suffer will be everyone present here.” Demon Immortal Qi Jue called out as he attacked Fang Yuan as well.


At the same time, he secretly transmitted to Fang Yuan while chuckling: “Fang Yuan, when Spectral Soul self-detonated earlier, you did not let me into your Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress, I’ll forget that. If you want to escape now, you will need my help, take out some venerable true inheritances, show me your sincerity!”


Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s Xi Land was greatly damaged but he retained most of his own battle strength.


This old demon was still working with Fang Yuan to fight Spectral Soul one moment ago, immediately after, he flipped and changed sides, using the three forces to threaten and extort Fang Yuan again!


Fang Yuan was really not in good shape, the sovereign immortal aperture’s myriad tribulation was still ongoing.


Beside him, Lu Wei Yin had a pale expression, his body was wobbling around, it would not be surprising if he fainted at the next moment.


Wu Shuai was looking terrible, even though his rank eight aura was not stable, he still retained some battle strength. Right now, he could only be sacrificed to try to stall for time. Even so, there was no guarantee regarding how much time he could fight for.


As for Qi Sea Ancestor, he was already put into Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture. Within it, Combat Beast King was still unconscious, Fang Yuan needed a Gu Immortal expert to manage the situation.


If not, Qi Sea Ancestor would be forced by the situation, to protect his main body, he would need to expose his identity.


“At the crucial moment, without any better options, I will need to sacrifice the Qi Sea clone and Wu Shuai clone to stall for time.” Fang Yuan thought.


He transmitted to Lu Wei Yin: “What is the escape method that you mentioned earlier?”


When Giant Spectral Soul self-detonated, Lu Wei Yin made his move, forcefully activating the illusory sand shifting shadow battlefield and suppressing the soul explosion miraculously, even though it only lasted a few breaths of time, it managed to successfully gain them some time.


Using this time, Fang Yuan’s Qi Sea and Wu Shuai clone managed to hide inside Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress.


During which, Lu Wei Yin transmitted to Fang Yuan that he had a way to escape and leave Central Continent safely.


Precisely so, Fang Yuan let Lu Wei Yin into his Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress.


Firstly, Lu Wei Yin saved both of Fang Yuan’s clones, that was a move demonstrating great sincerity.


Secondly, because Lu Wei Yin’s battlefield killer move was broken, he suffered an immense backlash, his battle strength plunged and his threat level also diminished, Fang Yuan did not fear him now.




