Chapter 2060: Bai Ning Bing Versus Fang Zheng


Countless rock pillars flashed by with speed that resembled illusory figures.


These rock pillars were located in Earth Abyss, they naturally could not move. What was moving was Fairy Zi Wei’s group.


“Since Fang Yuan can kill master, he definitely has a method to escape. I have fought against him many times, I understand him too well!” Fairy Zi Wei said.


After Spectral Soul’s death, the weakest group became Shadow Sect.


Earlier, Fairy Zi Wei purposely shouted and drew Longevity Heaven and Heavenly Court’s attention to Fang Yuan, she secretly transmitted and directed these Shadow Sect immortals to escape mid-journey.


After that, she did not even get to the layer with the earth vein, she directly left the battlefield with these Shadow Sect immortals.


“No!” While flying, Fairy Zi Wei suddenly stopped, saying: “Even though I am not sure how long Fang Yuan, Longevity Heaven, and Heavenly Court will fight, we need to make some preparations in advance.”


Fairy Zi Wei cast her gaze towards Bai Ning Bing, Fairy Miao Yin, and Lady White Rabbit.


“Farewell to the three of you.” Fairy Zi Wei’s tone became extremely cold.


Fairy Miao Yin’s expression turned ugly, evidently, Fairy Zi Wei was going to discard them as used pawns.


Lady White Rabbit was feeling uneasy, while Bai Ning Bing smiled as she rubbed her chin, nodding cheerfully: “Interesting, getting chased like this is common, but I have never experienced such a status myself.”




Even if they objected, what could they do?


Fairy Zi Wei was a rank eight great expert, she could suppress the three of them!


Fairy Zi Wei nodded, bringing Old Man Zheng Yuan and Ying Wu Xie away, quickly vanishing from the sights of Bai Ning Bing and the rest.


“What do we do?” Lady White Rabbit asked, she was lost and unsure.


Bai Ning Bing chuckled: “We are in big trouble, I am sure we will be caught very soon.”


White Rabbit stared with large and clear eyes, she asked: “Are you sure?”


Bai Ning Bing nodded but said: “We can’t be too sure, but Fairy Zi Wei is a wisdom path great expert, seeing her action earlier, doesn’t it tell you the truth? Even though we have low cultivation level, we have our value. Didn’t they find out Fang Yuan’s traces using us as the connection? But now, Fairy Zi Wei gave up on us instantly, it meant that she gave up the method to detect Fang Yuan. This shows how much danger we are currently in.”


“What should we do, let’s leave now.” Lady White Rabbit said anxiously.


“Why don’t we split up?” Fairy Miao Yin asked: “Whoever gets caught will be the unlucky one, White Rabbit, go with me.”


Among Fang Yuan’s subordinates, Fairy Miao Yin and Lady White Rabbit had the closest relationship. In this critical moment, she wanted to bring White Rabbit along with her.




“We can’t escape, but I have a good plan.” Bai Ning Bing said, bright light flashed in her eyes.


“What plan?” Lady White Rabbit was curious.


But after Bai Ning Bing told them, the two rejected it instantly.


“Isn’t that too risky?” Lady White Rabbit was tongue-tied.


“You want to return to the black bat layer? You lunatic!” Fairy Miao Yin rolled her eyes.


Bai Ning Bing replied: “It seems dangerous there but the truth is different. With a vast number of bats in there, even pursuers will not detect us, they might go to the next layer while passing us by.”


White Rabbit was dazed, it seemed that Bai Ning Bing’s words made sense.


“Do you think Lord Fang Yuan will return to save us?” Lady White Rabbit suddenly asked.


Fairy Miao Yin’s expression sank: “Don’t forget that we participated in the chase against him earlier.”


White Rabbit was anxious: “But we were forced to, there was no choice. Lord Fang Yuan is so wise, why wouldn’t he understand it?”


Bai Ning Bing sneered: “You two are still hopeful about him? Not to mention that he is currently busy trying to save his own life, even if he could, with that cold aloof nature of his, why would he even come to save us? In fact, he would rather we die now, after we are dead, there will not be sufficient clues to deduce his location.”


Lady White Rabbit was speechless.


Fairy Miao Yin gritted her teeth: “No need for more talk, White Rabbit, come with me. As for you, Bai Ning Bing, farewell.”


Fairy Miao Yin had no interest in Bai Ning Bing’s suggestion, after much interaction with her, she knew that this person was a lunatic.


Bai Ning Bing shrugged her shoulders: “Go ahead.”


As she said that, an intense wind blew, the odor of blood spread throughout the area.


Rank eight Immortal Gu House Demon Judgment Board arrived, Fang Zheng’s cold voice could be heard from within: “Where are you trying to go?”


Bai Ning Bing and the others were physically and mentally shaken, to think that their pursuers came so quickly!


Why was Fang Zheng here?


It turned out that after Heavenly Court, Longevity Heaven, and Demon Immortal Qi Jue lost sight of Fang Yuan, they lost hope while moving along the earth vein, they started to have other thoughts.


Demon Immortal Qi Jue was the first to strike, attacking Calamity Luck Altar.


Within Calamity Luck Altar, Bing Sai Chuan was prepared for this, he blocked Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s attack.


Seeing that his attack failed, Demon Immortal Qi Jue did not feel dejected, he called out: “Heavenly Court! If you do not fight Calamity Luck Altar now, are you going to wait until Longevity Heaven invades Central Continent?”


Bing Sai Chuan heard this, his heart sank.


“You are not wrong.” Qin Ding Ling laughed as she gave orders to Heavenly Court’s Immortal Gu Houses, launching their attack as well.


However, Heavenly Court did not just encircle Calamity Luck Altar, they even targeted Demon Immortal Qi Jue.


Demon Immortal Qi Jue snorted coldly: “Heavenly Court, your appetite is simply too big!”


Qin Ding Ling replied arrogantly: “Qi Jue, after that intense battle, how much battle strength do you have left? Go ahead and show us.”


Demon Immortal Qi Jue was silent!


There was nothing wrong with Heavenly Court attacking him, it was a wise decision.


“However, Qin Ding Ling is acting resolutely, is she putting up a farce or…” Demon Immortal Qi Jue had no time to think, Heavenly Court’s attacks already arrived, and he had to defend himself.


The three parties fought above the earth vein.


“Fang Zheng, quickly go to the upper layers and pursue Shadow Sect. Fairy Zi Wei is able to use Bai Ning Bing and the rest to deduce Fang Zheng’s location. We can also do that, go capture these people, as for Fairy Zi Wei and Old Man Zheng Yuan…” Saying this, Qin Ding Ling hesitated.


But soon, she continued with a firm tone: “As for the two of them, kill them if you can!”


“Yes.” Fang Zheng acknowledged her orders, he controlled Demon Judgment Board and left the battlefield.


Calamity Luck Altar and Demon Immortal Qi Jue were trapped, they watched as Demon Judgment Board left.


Fang Zheng flew rapidly within Demon Judgment Board, using the Immortal Gu House’s ability to find the traces of Shadow Sect.


Shadow Sect’s members were all on the board list, Fang Zheng quickly found Bai Ning Bing and the other two immortals.


“Rank eight Immortal Gu House — Demon Judgment Board!” Lady White Rabbit’s and Fairy Miao Yin’s hearts sank, they felt a huge pressure.


They wanted to tell Fang Zheng about the direction that Fairy Zi Wei escaped to but there was an alliance agreement made earlier, if they betrayed Fairy Zi Wei, the consequences would be severe.


Cold light flashed in Bai Ning Bing’s eyes, even with an enemy in front of them and possibly others behind, she still had an excited expression: “It’s you, I know that voice, Gu Yue Fang Zheng.”


Gu Yue Fang Zheng had a flickering gaze, he looked at Bai Ning Bing through the Immortal Gu House: “Bai Ning Bing, to think that we would meet here at this time.”


Memories from before surged in his mind, it was as if he had just drunk some liquor before the battle, his entire body was filled with heated battle intent.


“Bai Ning Bing!” He shouted loudly: “Do you still remember Gu Yue Qing Shu?!”


In Fang Zheng’s heart, Gu Yue Qing Shu was more of a brother than Fang Yuan to him. He was caring, he was gentle, he was responsible, he was admirable.


When he lived in Gu Yue village, even though Gu Yue clan leader took care of Fang Zheng and taught him personally, he was still a senior.


The care and concern that Gu Yue Qing Shu gave to Fang Zheng had always been kept in Fang Zheng’s heart.


But such a person was killed by Bai Ning Bing, Fang Zheng witnessed the entire battle that involved Qing Shu’s death.


“Gu Yue Qing Shu?” Bai Ning Bing was slightly dazed, how could she forget. Back in the day, she fought against Gu Yue Qing Shu, even though she killed the latter, she also lost an arm because of him.


But at the next moment, Bai Ning Bing turned a deaf ear, she laughed in disdain: “I would’ve forgotten if you did not mention him. That was an insignificant ant after all.”


Gu Yue Fang Zheng’s eyes widened in response, blood filled his eyes as killing intent surged in his body.


“Bai Ning Bing, die!”




