Chapter 2061: Demon Judgment Board!


2061 Demon Judgment Board! “Dan… danger.” Lady White Rabbit’s expression turned pale.


“Quickly dodge it!!” Fairy Miao Yin screamed.


Demon Judgment Board became larger in the three immortals’ eyes, quickly filling up their field of vision. The intense winds made Lady White Rabbit’s breathing turn difficult.


Bam.


At the next moment, earth shook, rocks were sent flying.


Demon Judgment Board slammed into the tough ground with great intensity.


Bai Ning Bing and the rest split up and moved towards different directions, at the crucial moment, they evaded the attack.


Demon Judgment Board rose up, it charged again.


This time, it targeted Bai Ning Bing.


“So quick!” Bai Ning Bing’s pupils shrank, she focused herself to deal with the situation.


Demon Judgment Board was covered in a light red halo, granting it even more speed. It did not use killer moves, it only charged wildly with rapid attacks, Bai Ning Bing had to dodge continuously, spending her effort on evasion and having no chance to retaliate.




“What do we do?” Lady White Rabbit asked anxiously.


Fairy Miao Yin had an ashen expression, she replied: “Let’s go! This is their old grudge, let the two of them fight it out.”


Lady White Rabbit was dragged by Fairy Miao Yin as they tried to escape the battlefield.


“Where are you going?” Gu Yue Fang Zheng suddenly turned around.


Even though he hated Bai Ning Bing deeply, he did not forget Qin Ding Ling’s instructions. White Rabbit and Miao Yin were crucial clues to find Fang Yuan, how could they be allowed to escape?


Demon Judgment Board let out a wave of powerful blood red light, it radiated in the battlefield, Bai Ning Bing and the rest were enveloped by this blood red light, their expressions changed.


Under this blood red light, they felt the blood in their bodies drawn by a powerful force, it was as if the blood in their bodies was getting sucked into Demon Judgment Board, it was very uncomfortable.


“If we do not resolve this problem, we might get sucked dry of all our blood!” Fairy Miao Yin said solemnly.


Immortal killer move — Bai Xiang!


On the other hand, Bai Ning Bing successfully unleashed her killer move, she turned into a white ice giant.




The blood red light instantly became ineffective on her.


The killer move Bai Xiang was the famous trump card of the Southern Border rank eight Gu Immortal, it allowed the Gu Immortal to temporarily convert their body into another type of lifeform.


This move was incredibly powerful, it created the White Terror that once shook Southern Border, leaving its own mark in history.


Once Bai Ning Bing used it, she changed her circumstances. The ice giant did not have any blood in its body, Demon Judgment Board’s killer move was useless against it.


Fairy Miao Yin’s heart sank, with Bai Ning Bing’s current condition, she could easily escape. But Bai Ning Bing did not do that, she attacked instead with great excitement and enthusiasm!


“This lunatic!” Fairy Miao Yin muttered, experiencing a complicated feeling.


However, when Bai Ning Bing’s killer moves landed on Demon Judgment Board, they was like waves hitting the reef. No matter how Demon Judgment Board was attacked, it did not even move one bit against the currents.


Fairy Miao Yin frowned deeply as she called out: “White Rabbit, use that move!”


Lady White Rabbit nodded solemnly, she quickly used the killer move, protecting herself and Fairy Miao Yin.


Fairy Miao Yin took a risk and accepted her protection, using this chance, she unleashed her killer move, wondrous hand profound sound.


She grew five new arms, causing her to have a total of seven arms.


The seven hands moved by themselves, the smooth long fingers were moving in a dazzling motion.


Ding ding, dang dang…


Cling cling, clang clang…


With the movement of her fingers, sharp sounds could be heard whenever they touched.


The sounds even caused sound waves to start appearing in the surrounding air.


Sound waves moved like a storm, creating a huge commotion as the attacks landed on Demon Judgment Board!


“Fairy Miao Yin, thirty-seventh position on the Demon Judgment Board, she has rank seven cultivation level and the Profound Sound true inheritance. Among which, her wondrous hand profound sound killer move can be raised alongside the core Immortal Gu until it reaches rank eight.” Fang Zheng muttered to himself.


On top of his head, countless texts in blood gathered to form a scarlet name list. Be they Fairy Miao Yin, Lady White Rabbit, or Bai Ning Bing, their names were present.


Fairy Miao Yin and Bai Ning Bing worked together, while Gu Yue Fang Zheng still had a calm expression.


After all, he was inside Demon Judgment Board.


The rank eight Immortal Gu House Demon Judgment Board was extremely powerful.


Normally speaking, rank seven Immortal Gu Houses could resist rank eight, they were the foundation of super forces.


As for top tier rank eight Immortal Gu Houses, they could resist pseudo-Immortal Venerables!


During the fate war, Fang Yuan used Myriad Year Flying Warship and Dragon Palace to fight against Duke Long. In the earlier battle, he used three Immortal Gu Houses against Spectral Soul, they were all rank eight.


Demon Judgment Board was also rank eight, but it was specialized in investigation.


Against rank seven Gu Immortals like Bai Ning Bing, Demon Judgment Board’s battle strength was far superior, it could not be matched.


Waves of blood red light shot out of Demon Judgment Board!


These blood red lights shot down like rain, targeting Bai Ning Bing with an unceasing quantity.


Bai Ning Bing turned into a white ice giant, even though it was large and bulky, the giant’s movement was actually very agile and flexible.


She dodged continuously, none of the blood red lights managed to hit her once.


“But as long as I get hit once, I will suffer heavy injuries!” Bai Ning Bing knew this in her heart, she focused and fought, the dangerous situation was making her more excited and thrilled.


Suddenly, Demon Judgment Board shook lightly, Bai Ning Bing got immobilized.


Bai Ning Bing could not move, she was shot by tens of blood lights.


The white ice giant was punctured in many places, it was reduced to ice shards in a few moments.


Lady White Rabbit screamed while Fairy Miao Yin’s heart sank, the difference in battle strength was too great, they could not claim victory with just an advantage in numbers.


As the ice shards fell to the ground, an intense light burst out.


Within the icy light, the white ice giant reappeared.


Bai Ning Bing recovered fully!


This was the strongest aspect of the killer move Bai Xiang, as long as one shard was left, it could fully recover rapidly.


Fang Zheng was not surprised, he knew a lot of information about Bai Ning Bing. Long ago, the two were already enemies, Bai Ning Bing had fought against them many times, why would Heavenly Court not collect her information?


Furthermore, Demon Judgment Board had investigative abilities, the board list did not only include blood path demonic immortals. It was just that blood relation Immortal Gu made almost all blood path demonic cultivators unable to hide from it.


Bai Ning Bing got up and fought against Fang Zheng again, Miao Yin assisted her, half the blood red light in the battlefield dissipated.


As their blood was no longer affected, Fairy Miao Yin and Lady White Rabbit flew out with preparation, they were about to escape.


Fang Zheng smiled lightly: “Not so fast!”


The dissipated blood red light turned into a ball that floated above the battlefield. Instantly, the blood suction force that vanished amplified by several times of before.


Bai Ning Bing shouted as she took action suddenly. Her ice path killer move hit the blood ball and caused it to scatter slightly.


“Surrender now!” Fang Zheng’s lips curled up, he activated Demon Judgment Board, the formless pressure caused Fairy Miao Yin and Lady White Rabbit’s expressions to change.


At the crucial moment, Lady White Rabbit suddenly became ruthless, black shadows surged around her, enveloping her body.


Instantly, Black Tigress appeared on the battlefield!


Her eyes were pure black, her pupils could not be seen, only a dark and cold light was moving around. The area around her eyes was dyed black, her entire disposition changed from pure and innocent to vicious and ruthless.


Black Tigress took action, her dark path killer move landed on the blood ball with greater intensity than Bai Ning Bing’s attack, causing more than half of it to vanish.


Black Tigress and Miao Yin were almost killed by Demon Judgment Board, they managed to narrowly escape.


Fang Zheng was not flustered, he raised his hand, Demon Judgment Board’s aura changed.


With a change of method, he moved fluidly, blood qi surged, countless sand-like specks moved like stars, enveloping the entire battlefield.


“This is the killer move, blood speck star mark!”


“When was it used? I did not sense anything at all.”


Even if Qin Ding Ling saw this, she would call out in praise. After Fang Zheng became the Demon Judgment Board Lord, he had improved greatly, he already learned to use the various methods of Demon Judgment Board, he could use the methods while managing to display his own style.


This time, even Bai Xiang was not spared, it got hit.


As the blood sand entered the three immortals’ bodies, red marks started to appear, causing their movements to be restricted, their thoughts became slower, their immortal essence could not be instilled smoothly, they felt like they were trapped in quicksand.


The difference between the two sides was just too big!


Normally speaking, when Gu Immortals fought, if one side wanted to escape, it would be hard to stop them unless a battlefield killer move was successfully used to trap the enemy.


But Demon Judgment Board was a top tier rank eight Immortal Gu House, it was initially created to hunt demonic path Gu Immortals. Thus, other than investigative methods, even though Demon Judgment Board could not create a battlefield, it had ways to stop demonic path Gu Immortals from escaping.


Bai Ning Bing and the rest were about to be captured by Fang Zheng, but the ground suddenly shook as earth qi spewed up from the lower layer, the currents actually managed to pierce through the tough layer of ground.


With a loud sound, the brown earth vein rushed up like a grand river.


“What is this?” Bai Ning Bing and the other two did not know what was happening, they were shocked.


Even though Fang Zheng knew, at this moment, he felt like he was seeing Evil Dragon Di Zang Sheng.


As earth qi surged and flooded this battlefield, the earth path dao marks took over everything here, they corroded the surroundings.


From the surging earth vein, Calamity Luck Altar and Demon Immortal Qi Jue suddenly emerged.


Xi Land was above Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s head, even though this secluded domain of heaven and earth was extremely damaged now, it was still useful. It was used earlier to draw all of the earth qi upwards earlier.


Meanwhile, Calamity Luck Altar was in charge of changing the direction of the earth vein on top of that effect, eventually creating this scene where the earth vein surged upwards!


“Longevity Heaven actually worked together with Demon Immortal Qi Jue?!” Fang Zheng was internally shocked.


Originally, under Qin Ding Ling’s deployment, Heavenly Court’s Immortal Gu Houses encircled Calamity Luck Altar and Demon Immortal Qi Jue.


The two sides fought intensely, Heavenly Court was unable to defeat them, while Calamity Luck Altar and Demon Immortal Qi Jue could not escape either.


Bing Sai Chuan thus communicated with Demon Immortal Qi Jue, they knew the situation was not looking good.


The two were genuine experts with lots of experience, they were suspicious about Qin Ding Ling’s attitude and felt deeply worried.


Thus, the two sides cooperated seamlessly.




