Chapter 2064: Captured Alive


2064 Captured Alive


Divine Emperor City was filled with noise and commotion.


The hundreds of thousands of people living in the city were looking towards the sky.


Profound green light had covered the sky of Divine Emperor City. Not only this, the city gates were also closed and guarded heavily.


“What in the world is going on?”


“You don’t know? There were notices posted at the city gates, announcing the city will be closed for a period of time. During this time period, there will be abnormal phenomena and there is no need to panic.”


“I also heard of this notice, but I did not expect such a huge and grand phenomenon.”


The city residents discussed with relative calmness, no large scale chaos emerged.


Northern city area.


“Where did that fellow Hong Yi go?” Cao Yu sighed as he walked out of a dark alley.


Accompanying him was Xie Lan.




The two were Universal Life Academy’s disciples, who were ordered to search for Hong Yi after he disappeared.


Regretfully, they had been at Divine Emperor City for two to three months now and had yet to make any progress.


Xie Lan frowned: “We have almost finished combing through Divine Emperor City by now and have contacted a dozen or so information path Gu Masters, but have not gotten any news regarding Hong Yi. This is probably the worst case scenario.”


Cao Yu’s eyes opened wide: “Are you saying Hong Yi entered a painting world? How can that be?”


Xie Lan looked around in a hurry and lowered his voice: “Keep your voice down, such secret news have been circulating in the city recently. Painting worlds were arranged by Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable, they can take in the city residents and return them safely after a period of time. Especially these days, how many Gu Masters have come to Divine Emperor City because they heard this rumor and wanted to find an immortal opportunity?”


Cao Yu was at a loss: “If Hong Yi really is inside a painting world, how are we going to find him?”


Xie Lan was silent for a while before saying with a sigh: “If that is the case, then we can only wait.”


Eastern city area.


“Master, please take care.” A female Gu Master sent her master off.


Most of the surrounding pedestrians were staring at the phenomenon in the sky, only a few were astonished at this sight.




The female Gu Master was a renowned refinement path master who was ranked among the top hundred in the Refinement Path Convention, and she was actually being so courteous to an unknown Gu Master.


This unknown Gu Master was wearing a long robe and a straw hat which hid his appearance under the shadows.


The unknown Gu Master moved cautiously and maintained his silence as he disappeared into the corner of the street.


“What exactly is going on? Such a phenomenon is definitely a Gu Immortal’s doing.” The unknown Gu Master moved along the empty alley and raised his head slightly to glance at the strange scene in the sky.


“Sigh, I did not expect to encounter such trouble in this trip to exchange Gu materials in the city. I just hope my identity won’t be exposed.”


“Just in case, I will choose a remote tavern to stay in until the city gates open again.”


The unknown Gu Master was worried.


This person was Ben Duo Yi, who was taught the nature Gu refinement technique by Gu Immortal Yu Mu Chun.


He cultivated day and night, making huge progress. However, the cost of cultivating refinement path was high, and with no one else to depend upon, he had to frequently sell the refined Gu to purchase cultivation resources.


He was a hairy man and was hiding his appearance by using Gu worms. He had to move with caution in this gathering area of humans.


All kinds of people lived in Divine Emperor City, there were even rank six Gu Immortals.


But no one could imagine that under the cover of the profound green light, Divine Emperor City had not only left its original spot, it even flew towards Ancient Soul Sect and entered Earth Abyss to fight Demon Immortal Qi Jue and Calamity Luck Altar!


Immortal killer move — Great Qi Cloud Explosion.


Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s killer move struck Divine Emperor City but it only raised slight ripples on the surface of the profound green light.


“This is probably the number one Immortal Gu House in the present age!” Even a person like Demon Immortal Qi Jue felt demoralized.


His current strength was simply unable to shake Divine Emperor City.


“So Qin Ding Ling’s trump card was this Divine Emperor City!” Inside Calamity Luck Altar, Bing Sai Chuan looked extremely serious.


Calamity Luck Altar was left behind by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, while Divine Emperor City was created by Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable. In this confrontation between the two, Divine Emperor City firmly won against Calamity Luck Altar and by a huge margin!


Calamity Luck Altar was not huge, and when compared to Divine Emperor City now, it looked even smaller.


The number one large size Immortal Gu House in history, Divine Emperor City, was like a colossal jade cloud that seemed to cover heaven and earth as it obstructed Demon Immortal Qi Jue and Calamity Luck Altar’s escape route.


And in the rear, Qin Ding Ling led the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals. Among the several Immortal Gu Houses, Demon Judgment Board was at the front, taking the position of the vanguard.


As the intense battle started, Divine Emperor City suddenly let out loud human voices, following which, the profound green light bubbled and formed a huge whirlpool.


The whirlpool blew out spiraling green wind that covered Demon Immortal Qi Jue.


Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s expression changed greatly, he could only take out the damaged Xi Land. But Xi Land was also unable to block this move, and at the next moment, Demon Immortal Qi Jue was absorbed into Divine Emperor City!


“Divine Emperor City suppressed Demon Immortal Qi Jue!” Inside Calamity Luck Altar, Bing Sai Chuan and the rest were horrified.


Even if Demon Immortal Qi Jue only had the damaged Xi Land, he had pseudo venerable battle strength. They did not expect there to be no disturbance in Divine Emperor City after he was absorbed.


Divine Emperor City’s might shook the minds of Longevity Heaven’s immortals.


It was no wonder Qin Ding Ling confronted them resolutely and had such a huge ambition as well!


“This is an emergency!” Bing Sai Chuan exclaimed in fright and activated the strongest method of Calamity Luck Altar without hesitating any more.


Golden lights shot out from Calamity Luck Altar and covered the surroundings.


The lights formed a broken path. The path extended far away, passing through the surface layer without damaging a single rock.


“Longevity Heaven, where are you trying to go!” Qin Ding Ling was aware that it was the crucial moment, she resolutely attacked and disturbed Calamity Luck Altar.


She cultivated luck path and opposed Giant Sun Immortal Venerable her whole life, and being an immortal concubine of Giant Sun before, she had a deep understanding regarding Calamity Luck Altar.


Calamity Luck Altar’s method was disturbed by Qin Ding Ling; the golden path started shaking immediately, unable to maintain stability.


At this moment, the profound green light around Divine Emperor City formed another whirlpool.


“Are we also going to be captured by Heavenly Court?” Hei Lou Lan’s heart sank as she sensed the worsening situation.


At this crucial moment, Five Elements Grandmaster hesitated for a bit before coming forward: “Let me hold them back, you should all leave!”


“No, little fellow, you cultivate formation path which will be very useful in the future. I, Grandpa Mao, am most suitable for this.” Mao Li Qiu pushed Five Elements Grandmaster aside.


“Grandpa Mao…” Five Elements Grandmaster was stunned. Mao Li Qiu’s status in Longevity Heaven was much higher than his. He had thought that sacrificing himself was the most sensible arrangement in this situation, but did not expect Mao Li Qiu to stop him.


Under this situation, Heavenly Court would never go easy on them.


Mao Li Qiu would probably lose its life if it went!


Bing Sai Chuan took a deep look at Mao Li Qiu, Mao Li Qiu, however, said casually: “Bing Sai Chuan, I will leave Longevity Heaven to you. Don’t bring shame to Grandpa Mao, you must escape. Don’t disappoint master, otherwise I will haunt you even if I turned into a ghost.”


Bing Sai Chuan gritted his teeth: “Hmph, so much nonsense. Even if you die, make sure you die in the most brilliant way.”


He had fought alongside Mao Li Qiu many times before and had deep friendship although they were quite rude towards each other. It was the way of these Northern Plainsmen, they only knew to express themselves with rough language.


Mao Li Qiu laughed heartily: “Then you can rest assured, I am most proficient in this!”


Bing Sai Chuan quickly opened the Immortal Gu House and closed it immediately. In that single moment, Mao Li Qiu had charged out.


“Come fight me, little ones of Heavenly Court!” Mao Li Qiu charged forward bravely.


In an instant, Demon Judgment Board was sent flying by Mao Li Qiu.


Mao Li Qiu fought madly and was soon soaked in blood with many bone fractures.


Its laughter however became more resonant and its aura kept on rising.


Divine Emperor City activated the spiraling green wind towards Calamity Luck Altar again.


Mao Li Qiu clicked its tongue as it flew forward and blocked the spiraling green wind with its body. At the next moment, like Demon Immortal Qi Jue, it was locked onto by the green wind and absorbed into the profound green light.


Using this crucial time, Calamity Luck Altar turned into a lump of light that escaped through the golden path.


Divine Bean Palace, painting world.


Boom!


Boom!!


Within short intervals of time, two enormous explosions reverberated throughout the whole painting world.


“What’s going on?” Fairy Bi Xia and the rest were shocked and bewildered. They were cultivating with all their efforts inside the painting world and were completely unaware of what was going on outside Divine Emperor City.


“Something big has happened, Fang Di Chang.” Shen Shang went up to Fang Di Chang with an excited expression.


Fang Di Chang was curled up in the corner of the alley, he was dirty and messy and his clothes were ragged. There was a bamboo cane beside him and a broken bowl in front of him.


He raised his head to look at Shen Shang and begged: “Lord, please give me something to eat, I have not eaten for three days and three nights now.”


While secretly, he transmitted his voice: “Brother Shen, what happened?”


Shen Shang transmitted his reply: “I am not sure about the exact details. But two large paintings have been added at the edges of the painting world. Qi currents are gathered in one painting with wind howling all the time. The other painting is mysterious with beastly roars resounding again and again.”


Fang Di Chang’s eyes shined with bright light, he felt deep interest.


He was schemed against by Genesis Lotus’s will, and his will had to escape secretly. With Shen Shang’s help, the situation was showing improvement.


Fang Di Chang did not know what happened outside the painting world. But this situation had appeared for the first time in the painting world. Maybe they could probe the deeper secrets of the painting world through this?


Some days later.


At some part of Southern Border.


The fog in the valley dissipated and two people walked out.


One had a handsome face with dragon horns on his head and imposing dragon pupils, he was rank eight enslavement path Gu Immortal Wu Shuai. The other was wearing white clothes, had black hair, deep pupils and fair skin, he was Gu Yue Fang Yuan.


“Over three thousand heaven path dao marks have been refined, what should we do next?” Wu Shuai asked, “Should we go meet up with Lu Wei Yin first?”


Fang Yuan, however, was staring at his palm with a complex expression, there was slight loss, some curiously, and some excitement on his face.


His lips curled up into a captivating smile as he gave an irrelevant answer: “These three thousand heaven path dao marks are really amazing!”




