Chapter 2068: Two Choices


2068 Two Choices “Lord!” Wu Zhen put away the cardinal directional wind formation in excitement.


He personally witnessed Wu Yong sweeping away the Fierce Gorge Seven Ghosts with methods that were never heard of before and were also extremely powerful.


Everyone knew of the price Wu Yong paid to use unlimited wind in the fate war.


Wu Zhen had not expected Wu Yong’s strength to increase so much in this period of time! In the whole battle, the Fierce Gorge Seven Ghosts were unable to counterattack at all.


Sensing the reverential gaze of Wu Zhen, Wu Yong smiled: “The Fierce Gorge Seven Ghosts are rank seven at most, we could not deal with them properly because they rarely moved together. If they were not dealt with at once, our efforts would only be in vain.”


Wu Yong’s expression turned slightly heavy: “You heard what the seven-seven profound soul bird said just now, what do you think?”


Wu Zhen immediately revealed a serious expression as he analyzed: “From their dying words, all of the Fierce Gorge Seven Ghosts attacked Corpse Emperor Yu Ding Tian not only because of our scheme, Lu Wei Yin had been urging them from behind the scenes as well! Lu Wei Yin… he could actually influence the Fierce Gorge Seven Ghosts, maybe we can make use of this!”


Wu Yong laughed heartily: “Not bad, Wu Zhen, well said.”


Wu Zhen had already guessed Wu Yong’s next plan. In Wu Yong’s plan, the first step was to unite Southern Border.


And the greatest obstacle to do this was Lu Wei Yin.


Lu Wei Yin was the current inheritor of Paradise Earth in Southern Border. Because of Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s influence and his contributions to Southern Border’s righteous path, Wu Yong could not easily make a move against him.




But who could have expected that during the pursuit against Fang Yuan, Lu Wei Yin actually helped Fang Yuan. This gave Wu Yong the perfect reason to make a move. And this time, Lu Wei Yin was secretly involved with the seven-seven profound soul bird, this gave Wu Yong the perfect excuse to lead the Southern Alliance and destroy the Mushroomman Paradise in the name of justice!


“Take care of your injuries, next, we will make a move against Lu Wei Yin and destroy Mushroomman Paradise!” Wu Yong’s eyes shone with cold light and imposing battle intent.


Wu Zhen hesitated for a moment before speaking: “Lord, isn’t it too early now? When qi tides appeared, many inheritances emerged in Southern Border. The Corpse Emperor true inheritance is only one of them. Currently, the Southern Alliance’s super forces are all actively exploring and gathering these true inheritances. If we hastily summon them, wouldn’t only a few show up and the other super forces conceal their strength?”


Wu Yong smiled and nodded: “You are right. The things you mentioned are one of the difficulties in attacking Lu Wei Yin and the Mushroomman Paradise. Besides this, there are several other difficulties. Firstly, Lu Wei Yin is extremely shrewd, he has all kinds of plans and unique methods, he is definitely not an ordinary opponent. Secondly, Mushroomman Paradise obtained Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s help, its foundation is deep and is not any inferior to the super forces. Thirdly, Lu Wei Yin helped Fang Yuan escape, if we attack him, we might have to fight Fang Yuan as well.”


“Fight Fang Yuan?” Wu Zhen’s face immediately turned pale.


The current Fang Yuan was the number one demon in the world. Just the possibility of having to fight him was enough to make a rank seven Gu Immortal like Wu Zhen feel uneasy.


Wu Yong laughed, his tone rising slightly: “But these difficulties are only difficulties, if we are afraid to take action because of difficulties, nothing can be accomplished. Farmers need to farm, but if they don’t cultivate the land because they are afraid of drought, there would not even be a single grain of harvest. When fishermen fish, if they don’t spread the net because they are afraid of drowning, their baskets will definitely be empty. Will our Wu clan retreat because of these difficulties?”


Wu Zhen’s expression became solemn and he quickly cupped his hands: “Thank you for the guidance.”


Wu Yong’s gaze was deep as he continued to explain: “This is the best time to attack Lu Wei Yin. A person like Lu Wei Yin will only make more preparations if he has more time, and Mushroomman Paradise will be increasingly hard to attack. It is obvious that Fang Yuan escaped because he did not have strength to fight. If we miss this chance and he recovers, there will be no hope of destroying Mushroomman Paradise.”


“As for those righteous path super forces concealing their strength? Hmph, do they think the Southern Alliance is so easy to join? As the alliance leader, I will gain the chance to reorganize the Southern Alliance once and for all.”




Wu Zhen no longer had any worries and was completely persuaded by Wu Yong’s plan: “I am willing to follow you, lord, and go on the expedition against the mushroommen.”


Wu Yong nodded, saying a sentence before leaving: “Tend to your injuries first, the path of Wu clan’s domination will require your contribution as well.”


At the same time, Eastern Sea.


Xia clan headquarters.


The atmosphere was tense in the discussion hall.


Over ten variant human Gu Immortals were divided into two groups and were in a standoff.


On the left side, Chaotic Rock Grotto Lord, Rotten Egg Grotto Lord, and Hair Monster Grotto Lord were clustered around Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch.


On the right, Xiao He Jian led Green Forest Great Sage and Great Wisdom Immortal Mother.


There was also a third group formed from human Gu Immortals, having Crossing Heaven Immortal Monarch, Black Locust, and Rainbow Rock Immortal Concubine in it.


During the pursuit battle against Fang Yuan, these variant human Gu Immortals were abandoned by Fang Yuan. After they escaped Heavenly Court, they returned to Eastern Sea.


Without Wu Shuai controlling the situation, these grotto-heaven lords of the two heavens were feeling panicky. Over these days, they were still pondering over how to resolve the qi harvest fruit disaster in their grotto-heavens, but made no progress.


“Xiao He Jian, are you prepared for when Lord Wu Shuai returns? I want to see how you will explain to Lord Alliance Leader why you promoted Lady Cold Ash repeatedly before!” Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch took the lead to reprimand his political rival.


Xiao He Jian’s expression was dark. Back then,he had promoted Lady Cold Ash to gather Gu Immortals and grow his force in contesting with Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch’s group. He had never expected Lady Cold Ash to be Spectral Soul’s disguise! Not only this, at the crucial moment, Spectral Soul made his move and chased Wu Shuai and Fang Yuan, eventually destroying Dragon Palace.


Spectral Soul created such huge losses to the two heavens alliance and Xiao He Jian naturally had to be held responsible.


Xiao He Jian’s expression was ashen in face of the accusation, he stared at Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch: “It is not up to you to decide how much responsibility I bear. Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch, don’t forget, we are both vice alliance leaders, we have equal positions! I am aware of how big a mistake I made, I am willing to accept any punishments from Lord Wu Shuai. But this is not only my responsibility. Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch, could it be that you didn’t make any mistake? Think about it, who invited Lady Cold Ash into our alliance? Was it not you? You not only invited Spectral Soul, you even took in Heavenly Court’s spy, Night Heavenly Wolf Lord. Your responsibility is bigger than mine.”


“You!” Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch was furious.


After the defeat in the battle, Xiao He Jian had already realized his predicament. He had already made sufficient preparations for this meeting.


“Hehe. Speaking of which, isn’t it all caused by humans? Be they Lady Cold Ash or Night Heavenly Wolf Lord, they are both humans. Human Gu Immortals cannot be trusted!” Great Wisdom Immortal Mother added sinisterly.


She was an inkman Gu Immortal, her Great Wisdom grotto-heaven had been invaded by Heavenly Court and suffered heavy losses.


Later, the two heavens alliance organized a rescue, but Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch had been worried about his own Ice Crystal grotto-heaven back then and disregarded Great Wisdom grotto-heaven.


Thus, there was a crack in the relationship between Great Wisdom Immortal Mother and Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch, Xiao He Jian had sensed it and recruited her. Great Wisdom Immortal Mother, whose strength had greatly fallen, became a member supporting Xiao He Jian.


Green Forest Great Sage was also a miniman like Xiao He Jian, so he had a natural closeness to the latter.


With these two supporting Xiao He Jian with all their strength, Xiao He Jian was barely able to contend with Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch’s group. But it was only barely.


This time, Spectral Soul’s attack created a huge trouble for Xiao He Jian.


Thus, Great Wisdom Immortal Mother saw that the situation was bad and diverted the attention to the humans.


Her words immediately resonated with other variant human Gu Immortals.


“That’s right, humans are crafty, they cannot be believed easily.”


“In my opinion, our two heavens alliance should be a pure variant human alliance!”


“The performance of these human Gu Immortals in the battle was truly bad!”


Variant human Gu Immortals resonated with the words and looked at the human Gu Immortals in the hall with unfriendly gazes.


Crossing Heaven Immortal Monarch, Black Locust, and Rainbow Rock Immortal Concubine were pale, and were standing close to each other.


The two heavens alliance had been established not long ago, they had formed for an extremely short period of time. Now that they lost their powerful leader, they immediately showed signs of collapsing.


Right at this time, a majestic sound reverberated throughout the blessed land headquarters.


“Alright, stop fighting!”


Following which, a golden light shot down like a heavenly pillar.


The golden pillar of light dissipated, revealing two immortals.


One was wearing a white robe, with dark hair and deep pupils, while the other was tall and handsome, resembling a heroic champion. They were Gu Yue Fang Yuan and Wu Shuai.


All the immortals in the hall were shaken.


With Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch and Xiao He Jian taking the lead, everyone knelt down on one knee and greeted: “Greetings to Lord Alliance Leader!”


After hesitating for a moment, they greeted again: “Greetings to Lord Fang Yuan.”


Wu Shuai raised his hand: “Get up.”


He was standing beside Fang Yuan, and Fang Yuan was grandly sitting on the alliance leader’s seat.


The immortals had different expressions seeing Wu Shuai’s subordinate-like attitude towards Fang Yuan.


Wu Shuai directly said: “You don’t need to guess, I am a dragonman, but it is a fact that I am Fang Yuan’s clone.”


The immortals were stunned for a bit before reacting, their expressions were even more complicated.


They were not overly shocked by this relationship. After Heavenly Court spread the battle results, the relationship of Wu Shuai and Fang Yuan was widely speculated. After all, Wu Shuai and Fang Yuan’s cooperation was extremely close in the battle, they were too trustful of each other, this was not common among demonic immortals.


The two heavens alliance’s Gu Immortals had already heard of these rumors, they appeared loyal and devoted on the surface but had many guesses inwardly.


So when Wu Shuai admitted it, the immortals did not find it hard to accept.


Wu Shuai continued: “The reason I gathered everyone is to rally our forces and vie for supremacy, while also to get rid of the qi harvest fruit disaster in your grotto-heavens.”


The immortals’ eyes shone, one of them asked: “Could it be that lord alliance leader has a way to resolve it?”


Wu Shuai smiled: “I naturally don’t have a way to deal with it, but my main body has.”


The immortals cautiously looked at Fang Yuan.


Fang Yuan wore no expression and his gaze was indifferent as he spoke for the first time: “Right now, you have two choices. One is to let me annex your grotto-heavens, only through this way can the qi harvest fruit calamity be resolved.”


The immortals turned pale, some were furious but dared not to say anything.


At once, the hall fell into silence.


Rainbow Rock Immortal Concubine broke the silence and asked respectfully: “I wonder what the other choice is?”


Fang Yuan leaned back on the wide chair and narrowed his eyes: “The second choice is that you will all be killed by me, thereafter, I will annex your grotto-heavens.”


All the immortals were deathly pale and it was a scene of complete silence.




