Chapter 2078: Targeting Luck Path Firs


2078 Targeting Luck Path Firs Most of the two heavens’ grotto-heavens possessed a vast number of dao marks.


The main source of these dao marks were not tribulations but the contribution of generations of Gu Immortals.


For instance, Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven had over seven million soul path dao marks! With such an amount of soul path dao marks, the grotto-heaven contained a large number of super resource points.


At the start, Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven only had over one hundred thousand soul path dao marks. After it fused with a large nine heavens fragment, it was free from calamities and tribulations.


With the favor of heaven’s will, Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven produced Gu Immortals generation after generations.


These Gu Immortals were humans, although they could casually choose their cultivation paths, most of them chose soul path.


Because the grotto-heaven had all kinds of soul path dao marks, it could be said they would enjoy a natural advantage in cultivating soul path. Even if Gu Immortals chose other paths, their number was extremely few and it was many times more difficult for them to obtain cultivation resources of other paths.


In fact, the two heavens were not places where ordinary rank six and rank seven Gu Immortals could explore.


Normally speaking, only a few rank seven experts and ordinary rank eights could take the risk to explore the two heavens to gather resources.


And after these soul path Gu Immortals died, almost all of their immortal apertures merged with Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven.


Although these Gu Immortals did not have the sovereign immortal aperture and there would be a lot of internal friction when merging immortal apertures, because their dao marks were mainly soul path dao marks, there was much more benefit than loss in merging.




As this continued for generations after generations, it had accumulated to the current number of over seven million dao marks!


Since the moment he started cultivating, be it in his previous life or now, Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool was Fang Yuan’s largest investment. He had thrown in all the resources of refinement path into it, even using time path, rule path, wisdom path, blood path, and other paths.


With Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool, Fang Yuan’s refinement path ability had a massive increase, becoming the number one in refinement path in the present world. Adding on his quasi-supreme refinement path attainment level, even over the long span of history, he was absolutely among the top three in refinement path.


But because he had invested many Immortal Gu of time path, rule path, and other paths, the relevant paths’ foundation had subsequently decreased.


Over this period of rest, Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress had yet to be repaired, immortal essence reserves had already returned to normal, many Immortal Gu were invested, but because of a massive surge in his major paths’ dao marks, Fang Yuan’s overall strength had not decreased but increased instead!


Fang Yuan’s days were getting better.


Thinking of before, Fang Yuan had lived almost every day in a precarious state, he was forcefully pushed forward by schemes of venerables and hunted down everywhere by Heavenly Court. And now, Spectral Soul was dead, Heavenly Court and Longevity Heaven were recuperating, Fang Yuan no longer had a lot of external pressure and he could formulate his cultivation plan much more relaxedly.


From a long term view, constructing Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool was absolutely a highly rewarding project!


“Now, it is time to refine and advance my luck path Immortal Gu to rank eight level.” Fang Yuan looked at Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool with pride, he already had a plan.


When fate Gu existed, the ratio of fate and luck in the world was about nine-to-one. Now that fate Gu was destroyed, luck path’s influence had no doubt surged!




Especially when the five regions chaotic war was in accordance with the overall situation; the more chaos there was, the more effects luck path could display.


“My current immortal material reserves have already reached an unprecedented level, I have the capability to refine rank eight luck path Immortal Gu. But it is still not enough to construct a complete Refinement Sea. Hmm?”


Just as Fang Yuan was pondering, he suddenly received Black Tigress’ message through treasure yellow heaven.


“They are still alive and trapped in an earth vein. Interesting, they are hiding in Earth Treasury. This is good, Earth Treasury is one of the ten earths, every Earth Treasury holds abundant immortal materials, especially the rank nine luck path immortal material, favored heart, it is perfect for my current usage!”


Fang Yuan could not help feeling happy.


Rank nine luck path immortal material could refine rank nine luck path Immortal Gu.


But just a single Earth Treasury’s favored heart was far from enough.


Among Fang Yuan’s luck path immortal materials, most were rank seven while a small portion were rank eight. He clearly did not have the foundation to try refining rank nine luck path Immortal Gu.


But using rank nine immortal material to refine rank eight Immortal Gu could slightly increase the success rate as well.


With favored heart, Fang Yuan was like a tiger who gained wings!


Southern Border, Chi clan headquarters.


Bam.


The current Chi clan first supreme elder slammed the table fiercely and said through clenched teeth: “Outrageous!”


This rank seven Gu Immortal, who looked rather young, had pale white skin and dark eyes that showed signs of excessive drinking, was furious at this moment.


It was Chi Bang.


He was Chi Qu You’s son, Chi Qu You had greatly supported him and had internally appointed him as the next first supreme elder. Although Chi Qu You died in the fate war, because he had made sufficient arrangements, Chi Bang succeeded in inheriting the position.


After Chi Bang got the position, he sensed that the situation was greatly different from before.


Previously, he was under his father Chi Qu You’s protection, there was Chi Qu You to shelter him from any trouble. But now, he had to face the pressure directly.


This time, Southern Border’s super force Yang clan had given him a tough problem.


The cause of this was a sound path inheritance. This sound path inheritance was called Roar, it had a long history and its reputation was spread far and wide. It had been passed down since long ago.


The previous generation Roar inheritor was only rank seven but the one before that was a rank eight Gu Immortal.


That was to say this Roar sound path inheritance could let someone cultivate to rank eight, it had high value.


More importantly, this Roar inheritance was in Chi clan’s territory, but was extremely close to Yang clan as well.


After Chi Qu You died, Chi clan lost its only rank eight Gu Immortal and Chi clan was weak internally. Yang clan decisively made its move, encroaching on Chi clan’s border and surrounding the inheritance ground. At present, they were actively exploring that sound path blessed land.


Chi clan had to do something about Yang clan’s conduct. Their territory was invaded and this concerned their reputation. If they did not handle this properly, Chi clan’s reputation would drop to the floor.


But, what could Chi clan do to protect their prestige? Could Chi clan beat back Yang clan’s invading force?


Could they fight? How would they fight? If they could not fight, what should they do?


This was the problem Chi Bang was facing.


“What do you three think?” Chi Bang inquired the three rank seven Gu Immortals in front of him.


Chi Da Pi immediately said with a loud voice: “Of course, we fight back and kill those scoundrels of Yang clan!”


“Keep your voice down.” Chi Bang quickly shook his head and looked at Chi Gui.


Chi Gui frowned: “First supreme elder, we need to consider this properly.”


“What are you afraid of!” Chi Da Pi opened his eyes wide, “Yang clan does not have a rank eight Gu Immortal, they only sent two rank seven this time. If our Chi clan does not fight back, we would be the laughing stock of all of Southern Border’s righteous path.”


Chi Gui heaved a sigh: “Even though they only sent two people, they are famous experts. Yang Yin Guang is proficient at freezing soul profound light, which is very hard to defend against. The other, Yang Wen Kui, dual cultivates wisdom path and information path, he is the brain of Yang clan.”


“According to our investigation, Yang clan’s other Gu Immortals are stationed in Yang clan’s territory, but we cannot say for sure that Yang clan is not pretending and is secretly transferring their forces. Even if Yang clan is not pretending, we need to consider Yang clan’s Immortal Gu House as well. Since Yang clan invaded our territory, it is very likely that they have mobilized their Immortal Gu House, and it is being stored inside the immortal aperture of one of the two Yang clan immortals, just that they have not used it yet.”


“Yes.” Chi Bang nodded then looked towards Chi Shang: “What do you think about this?”


Chi Shang wore a white robe, he was handsome but his gaze looked somewhat distant.


“Chi Shang? Chi Shang?” Chi Bang called out softly.


But Chi Shang seemed to have not heard anything, his eyes looked towards the front in a daze.


The three immortals looked at each other before sighing in unison.


Clearly, Chi Shang’s mind was wandering again. He was the most hopeful genius of Chi clan to become a refinement path great grandmaster, he was called the formation devotee and would often blank out. He would even forget to eat when he thinks of a formation path problem. If not for the clan’s care, he would have likely forgotten to eat and died while immersed in his thoughts.


Chi Shang did not pay attention to Chi Bang. Chi Bang was inwardly furious, but he had to treat him nicely.


Before participating in the fate war, Chi Qu You had summoned Chi Bang to the study room and said to him: Chi Shang is the perfect helper that I am leaving to you.


In fact, the three Chi clan rank seven Gu Immortals in the study were the trusted aides that Chi Bang relied on.


But these trusted aides were unable to help him resolve this issue.


Chi Bang had to make the decision himself.


Right at this time, an information path Gu worm was passed on through treasure yellow heaven.


After Chi Bang browsed with his divine sense, his eyes brightened in joy: “Excellent, Alliance Leader Wu Yong heard of this matter and is willing to cooperate with our Chi clan. After expelling Yang clan, they won’t take the Roar inheritance and will even send their Immortal Gu House to help us. But they want us to reach a further agreement with them, mainly wanting our clan to set up many immortal formations in Wu clan’s resource points.”


“There is such a good thing?” Chi Gui was greatly surprised. Wu Yong’s conditions were extremely good and he was inwardly moved.


“What do you two think?” This time, Chi Bang directly ignored Chi Shang, asking only Chi Da Pi and Chi Gui.


Chi Da Pi cupped his fists: “The decision is completely up to you, first supreme elder.”


Chi Gui hesitated slightly: “If we rely on Wu clan to beat back Yang clan this time, it looks as if we have profited greatly, but Wu Yong is a formidable character, why would he make an unprofitable transaction?”


Chi Da Pi said: “Did you forget? Back then when Wu clan was weak, Yang clan seized Wu clan’s poisonous waterfall and went after their corpse mountain. Lord Chi Qu You took an Immortal Gu House to drive them away, then Wu clan seized back poisonous waterfall. Wu clan and Yang clan have enmity.”


Chi Bang patted his forehead: “Right, Chi Da Pi is correct. Talking about it, Wu clan seems to have always been trying to rope us in. Back then when Yi Tian Mountain’s dream realms still existed, Wu clan brought our Chi clan along whenever they did the immortal opportunity business. Wu Yong is a formidable character, and although my father has passed away, my Chi clan still has value. This time, let Wu clan work for us while we sit back and relax, haha!”


Chi Gui saw that Chi Bang had already made the decision and could only suppress the unease in his heart.


He thought for a bit and added: “This time, if we ally with Wu clan, we need to consider Ba clan’s feelings and thoughts.”


“Right, Ba clan…” Chi Bang felt a headache.


Super forces had been in power for a long time and had complicated relationships with each other. It was extremely troublesome to deal with them.


Ba clan wanted to get the position of overlord in Southern Border and wanted to replace Wu clan. There was a great deal of conflict between Ba clan and Wu clan.


And Ba clan had a close relationship with Chi clan, they were not merely allies, they had an alliance marriage!




