Chapter 2086: The Secret of Venerable Invincibility


2086 The Secret of Venerable Invincibility


“Primordial Domain… is at the deepest layer of Crazed Demon Cave?” At once, thoughts collided in Fang Yuan’s mind rapidly.


u003cu003cThe Legends of Ren Zuu003eu003e did mention Primordial Domain but the description was vague and ambiguous, it depended on the reader’s own perspective and comprehension.


“Even if Primordial Domain has such power, is it really at the deepest layer of Crazed Demon Cave?” Fang Yuan would not believe Lu Wei Yin’s words so easily.


But this was quite possible.


Fang Yuan had been to Crazed Demon Cave, he had observed then that Paradise Earth went there and even created his own Dao field.


Fang Yuan could not enter the deepest layer, but Paradise Earth was an Immortal Venerable, his ability could not be easily assessed.


“If this is real, then Paradise Earth’s objective is in Crazed Demon Cave?”


Fang Yuan’s mind was turbulent but his expression remained unchanging.


Lu Wei Yin looked at his expression as he sighed internally: “This Gu Yue Fang Yuan is the number one demon in the world after all, no wonder heaven’s will and the venerables chose him as their pawn. Just this information is not enough to gain his trust!”


Lu Wei Yin had no choice but to continue speaking: “Primordial Domain is indeed at the bottom of Crazed Demon Cave, it is quite unique, it is both the beginning and the end, it contains the supreme profundity of the whole of heaven and earth. Limitless Demon Venerable used it and rank nine derivation Immortal Gu as the cores to derive new worlds and create brand new heaven path dao marks.”




“In a way, Crazed Demon Cave is far more important than even Heavenly Court!”


Lu Wei Yin said slowly as he exposed even more secrets.


During the Olden Antiquity Era a million years ago, humanity’s first Demon Venerable, Limitless Demon Venerable, attacked Heavenly Court and threatened to destroy it, forcing Star Constellation’s will to engage in a game of chess with him.


The chessboard was secretly linked to Crazed Demon Cave, as the two venerables schemed, their thoughts collided and new ideas were born, they created brand new heaven path gains.


These gains went into Crazed Demon Cave through the chessboard, helping Limitless with his derivation.


Star Constellation pretended to be unaware but she was prepared for this long ago, she went along with the plan.


The venerables of the future, like Reckless Savage Demon Venerable, Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable, and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, all visited Imperfection Regret Pavilion and knew of the two venerables’ game, they understood the importance of Crazed Demon Cave.


During the fate war, the silhouettes of both venerables vanished within Imperfection Regret Pavilion, but this was only the end of a segment of their game. The true place to decide victory was still Crazed Demon Cave!


All the venerables knew this, they all took part in some way. For example, Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable created his Green Lotus Dao field in the eighth layer of Crazed Demon Cave. Reckless Savage Demon Venerable created his Savage Wilderness Great World, while Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable made his Yellow Earth Great World.


This way, the situation became more complex.




Fang Yuan was shaken internally: “This has been one of my deepest suspicions so far. A portion of the venerables spent so much effort to create their Dao field in the eighth layer of Crazed Demon Cave, why did they want to defend their own big world so much? Unless, they are also after Primordial Domain?”


“Venerables have already become venerable, Primordial Domain is not necessary to them. Wait, that might not be the case!” A flash of inspiration sparked in Fang Yuan’s mind, he saw through the fog and observed a corner of the truth.


“Haha.” Lu Wei Yin laughed loudly: “Fang Yuan, you truly live up to your reputation, you are someone who did not falter to the venerables’ plots no matter how many were in your way. You have already understood a portion of it.”


“Indeed.” Lu Wei Yin continued: “Fate Gu has been destroyed, venerables can revive now. However, the stronger the Gu Immortal, the more troublesome and bigger the price their revival will be. If they are careless, even if they revive, they will not have their former strength. For example, Demon Immortal Qi Jue was interrupted by you and Wu Yong, his strength fell and he was no longer in his peak condition.”


“Venerables are the same. After they revive, even though they will not have their venerable blockade and will be able to regain rank nine cultivation level, the competition between venerables will be intense. Even though venerables left behind revival methods, they are still limited in the end. Thus, the venerables want to make their revival certain, it would be best if they had their former peak battle strength the moment they revived.”


Fang Yuan nodded continuously.


He could understand the venerables’ mentality.


When fate Gu was around, everyone was unable to revive. But all the venerables still left behind some methods, once fate Gu was destroyed, these methods would activate and allow them to revive.


However, venerables were in opposing factions, they had their own perspectives, they also schemed against each other.


Who would not want to be the strongest person in the world?


Who would want the existence of venerables other than themselves?


The venerables were wary of each other, they thwarted each other’s plans, even though they were dead, they still competed with each other in the dark.


Due to the long duration of history, this type of competition would usually benefit the venerables of the future eras. For example, Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable.


But nothing was absolute.


Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable came before Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, but his arrangements, Divine Emperor City and Qing Chou, still managed to harm Spectral Soul!


Or the situation of Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable entering the Red Lotus stone island and taking away regret Gu, it was an easy task.


But all in all, this was the general trend.


Later venerables had a greater advantage in this contest.


Because the entire Gu cultivation world was continuously developing and growing. In the Remote Antiquity Era, in Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable’s time, there were only four to five paths, qi path was the strongest. But now? There were paths of all kinds, mainstream paths numbered to at least twenty!


Taking Divine Emperor City as an example, it was created by Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable using his peak wood path and painting path attainment at that time, it could even mimic human path. But in terms of luck path, it was quite lacking. After all, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable only appeared after Genesis Lotus.


In fact, it was not certain if Divine Emperor City was still the peak product of wood path at this current time.


Three hundred thousand years had already passed since Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable’s era. During this long period, wood path had grown tremendously, countless geniuses emerged, they had their own developments, they promoted wood path to a new level.


Only painting path was still at its peak.


Why?


Painting path had been kept as a secret by Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable, it was not leaked to the outside world.


Thus, the current painting path was still kept at its peak state from back then.


This was also why a portion of the venerables held onto their own paths’ true inheritances and did not spread them widely.


Like Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s luck path true inheritances.


Lu Wei Yin continued to expose more secrets: “Fang Yuan, do you know that Duke Long had moved the Door of Life and Death into Crazed Demon Cave before the fate war?”


Fang Yuan’s gaze flickered: “Heavenly Court knows that Spectral Soul’s main body is inside the Door of Life and Death, so they moved it away in advance and prevented him from succeeding his plot? No wonder Spectral Soul and Fairy Zi Wei could not find the Door of Life and Death even after ransacking Heavenly Court’s treasuries.”


Lu Wei Yin drank some tea before continuing: “Duke Long did not just relocate the Door of Life and Death, he even moved a portion of Heavenly Court’s immortal graveyard into Crazed Demon Cave!”


Fang Yuan was stirred: “This means that I only destroyed a portion of Heavenly Court’s immortal graveyard, the rest is inside Crazed Demon Cave. Is this the backup plan that Heavenly Court had? It does seem like the way of a righteous path super force. After all, Heavenly Court had limited Gu Immortals, even if they woke up, they could not retain their peak battle strength, Star Constellation’s will also needs some Gu Immortals to hibernate and support her.”


“I was about to get to Star Constellation’s will.” Lu Wei Yin’s gaze was bright as a torch, he stared at Fang Yuan: “Do you know that for a long time, Star Constellation’s will has not showed herself to tell Heavenly Court what to do?”


Fang Yuan was finally moved, he understood the implicit meaning behind these words.


Fang Yuan stared at Lu Wei Yin: “You mean to say, Star Constellation has already revived using her will?”


Lu Wei Yin nodded: “Although I am not certain, this is very likely to be the case. If Star Constellation Immortal Venerable revived, she would definitely lurk in the eighth layer and try to obtain the ninth layer’s Primordial Domain. Once she enters it, she will regain her supreme grandmaster attainment level in wisdom path, she will be able to use the primeval energy of the world for herself and become a complete and genuine Dao Lord!”


Fang Yuan frowned deeply.


He had originally thought that no venerable had revived yet. But from this conversation, he knew that it was likely at least one venerable had already revived.


And this revived venerable, the only female among them, was terrifying, the only wisdom path venerable.


This woman was so strong that even after her death, she could scheme against three Demon Venerables of the future. Even though the true details were quite different from what Heavenly Court publicly announced, it was true that Heavenly Court was saved by Star Constellation’s schemes and arrangements, surviving the onslaught of three Demon Venerables.


This contribution was undeniable, every time Fang Yuan thought about it, he could feel how terrifying it was!


As for why Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was no longer a wisdom path supreme grandmaster, Fang Yuan knew clearly.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable died three million years ago during the Remote Antiquity Era.


Too much time had passed!


Wisdom path had developed until today, it had already undergone a complete revolution in terms of improvement and elevation.


Quasi-supreme grandmaster meant that the Gu Immortal’s understanding of the path was already at the limit of heaven and earth, they were already touching that ceiling, they had almost completely understood the profundity of the path. But they were just inches away, unable to break through.


As for supreme grandmaster attainment level, not only did they need to comprehend the full profundities of the path, they also had to innovate further. At this level, each time the Gu Immortal improves, it would be an unprecedented feat, it would elevate the upper boundaries of the entire path, it would even elevate the whole of heaven and earth to some degree.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s wisdom path supreme grandmaster attainment level back in the day was no longer supreme grandmaster in today’s world.


Even though she merged with heaven’s will and studied Heavenly Court’s wisdom path research results at all times, this was still true.


Forget about the difference between Star Constellation’s will and a clone, just Heavenly Court’s wisdom path research results alone only represented a portion of the whole of wisdom path.


Only after Star Constellation Immortal Venerable entered Primordial Domain could her wisdom path attainment level return to supreme grandmaster, she would become a Dao Lord again.


“What is a Dao Lord?” Fang Yuan heard of a new concept from Lu Wei Yin once again.


This journey to the Mushroomman Paradise was truly valuable. He had already understood the conditions of venerable ascension, he also learned of the venerables’ schemes, and now, the term Dao Lord was likely concerning the secret of venerable invincibility!


As expected, at the next moment, Lu Wei Yin smiled: “Why could the past venerables be invincible in the world? The difference between venerable and pseudo venerable lies in the concept of Dao Lord. Why could venerable methods remain for so many years without dissipating? This is also due to the concept of Dao Lord.”


Before Fang Yuan could ask him, Lu Wei Yin immediately answered: “The so-called Dao Lord refers to the lord of a certain path. When a Gu Immortal becomes venerable and has supreme grandmaster attainment level, they will be the leader of that path, their own improvement would signify the improvement of the path, that would also be the improvement of heaven and earth, that person is a Dao Lord.”


“As a Dao Lord, the Gu Venerable can sense all of the natural dao marks of heaven and earth of that particular path and refine them! After refining the dao marks, the Gu Venerable can manipulate them at will.”


Fang Yuan could not help but feel shaken: “Refine them? Manipulate them at will?”


Lu Wei Yin continued to speak: “After every venerable becomes venerable, there will be a period of time when they roam the world. For example, Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable or Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable. But the truth is, during this period, they are refining the natural dao marks of the world, they are turning the entire world into their personal battlefield killer move.”


This was the secret of venerable invincibility!




