Chapter 2098: Hu Land


Rotten Mud Mountain was one of the famous mountains of Southern Border.


If it were in Western Desert, Eastern Sea, or Northern Plains, it might be more famous, but Southern Border had too many mountains, it had the most number of famous mountains in the five regions, Rotten Mud Mountain became quite inconspicuous, it gave people a feeling of being ordinary.


This place produced rotten mud, it was a common Gu material that had poison path and earth path dao marks, it had very little value in the market due to abundance.


During rainy seasons, Rotten Mud Mountain would turn into a temporary swamp, the rotten mud would turn into rotten swamp mud, which was a widely used Gu refinement material.


During winter, the rotten mud would combine with the ice and snow path dao marks and turn into rotten frozen mud, it was also a common resource. Because it was very fertile, when mixed in soil to nurture crops, the effect would be outstanding. Many Southern Border villages made use of it.


Furthermore, rotten frozen mud was the food of the smelly fart fat worm, thus, this Rotten Mud Mountain also produced the smelly fart fat worm as well.


The smelly fart fat worm was a rank one poison path Gu worm, it looked like black boar Gu, often sold by unscrupulous merchants as fake black boar Gu.


Similar to the smelly fart fat worm in name was smelly fart Gu, it was also a rank one poison path Gu worm. Similar to the smelly fart fat worm, smelly fart Gu was also living in Rotten Mud Mountain.


Living on what grew around them, there were several villages that survived using the resources of the Rotten Mud Mountain.


These villages were all scattered around the periphery of Rotten Mud Mountain, even though they competed with each other, they were more likely to work together.


Because Rotten Mud Mountain was a famous mountain, it could obviously produce immortal materials, the mountain even had poison path desolate beasts or ancient desolate beasts.




These villages did not have Gu Immortals, they were at most rank five Gu Masters, they would not dare to live on the mountain.


Rumble…


On this day, the people in the few villages heard thunderous sounds, they became shocked and uncertain.


“What is happening on the mountain?”


“Why is there thunder for no reason?”


“The mountain is dangerous, we Gu Masters cannot understand what is happening.”


Next, people heard the shouting of people.


“Kong Ri Tian, you cannot escape! I know that you are hiding here, but can you hide here forever?”


“Come out now and hand over your Gu worms, I can still spare your life. If you miss this chance, after I search the mountain and find you, you will wish you were dead instead!”


Wu clan’s Gu Immortal shouted, his voices creating sound waves that spread around the area.




The people in the villages at the periphery of the mountain were instantly shook.


“An immortal!”


“An immortal appeared. Oh heavens!”


“I know about this demon Kong Ri Tian, he specially targets pure and innocent girls, to think an immortal would go after him, he’s dead meat!!”


“Did Kong Ri Tian get an Immortal Gu so an immortal is coming to snatch it?”


“Hmph! This is not snatching, the immortal is just upholding justice and righteousness.”


“Do you guys think we will meet an immortal if we go there? Will we obtain a way to become immortal?”


After the fate war, everyone in the world learned of the existence of immortals. Before that, because most people lived in isolation, many people thought that immortals were just legends.


“Damn it!” Kong Ri Tian was covered in injuries, he hid in a rotten mud cave with a face full of despair.


“Sigh, Wu clan’s immortal is too domineering. I have implicated you all!” Kong Ri Tian looked at Wang Xiao Er and the four great obscenities, feeling guilt.


On that day, after leaving the sinkhole, the situation turned chaotic. The four great obscenities were originally after Kong Ri Tian’s immortal inheritance, but they ended up getting chased together.


Kong Ri Tian also knew about the four great obscenities’ desire, he used the inheritance to lure them, they ended up working together and escaping for their lives.


After all, Sheng Tian true inheritance had only showed itself slightly, Gu Immortals did not pay attention to it yet. Kong Ri Tian only had to face rank five experts like Wu Ji or Shang Xin Ci.


The four great obscenities had great strength themselves, together with Kong Ri Tian who was a famous demon in Southern Border, they managed to escape by working together.


However, good times did not last, because Sheng Tian true inheritance was exposed, all the super clans started to go after it, they sent Gu Immortals out.


Kong Ri Tian and the rest got into huge danger, they hid everywhere they could, eventually ending up in Rotten Mud Mountain, but now, Wu clan’s Gu Immortal was here to send them into despair.


“So be it if we die, so what?”


“Brother Kong, say no more, this is our fate!”


“Speaking of which, dying in the hands of an immortal is quite glorious too.”


The Central Continent four great obscenities chuckled, they were all demonic path members, at this desperate moment, they displayed their grand attitude towards life.


“Alright, enough of such talk. Who said you would die?” Suddenly, from Kong Ri Tian’s body, a will floated out.


Seeing this will, Central Continent’s four great obscenities showed a complex expression.


This was Kong Sheng Tian’s will, other than the will in Sheng Tian true inheritance, there were also Immortal Gu and immortal essence. This way, Kong Ri Tian had Gu Immortal methods to use.


This was also the reason why the four great obscenities did not attack Kong Ri Tian to snatch the inheritance.


These people were able to struggle until now from the pursuit of Gu Immortals, it was all thanks to Kong Sheng Tian’s will.


“Lord ancestor, you are finally awake. Are your injuries healed already? Do you mean we can still survive?” Kong Ri Tian’s eyes shined with bright light, he asked in succession.


Kong Sheng Tian’s will sighed: “I am not injured, using Gu Immortal methods just takes a huge toll on me. Thus, I had to sleep and use Gu worms to replenish my will. As for whether you can be saved, of course you can! Why did I ask you to come here before I fell asleep? It was because this place allows us to escape from these people.”


After saying this, Kong Sheng Tian took action and activated his Gu Immortal method.


Everyone was shocked to find out that a long tunnel secretly appeared in this rotten mud cave without any commotion.


They all entered the tunnel as they went deeper underground, arriving in a hall.


Kong Sheng Tian’s will sighed deeply after returning here: “Back then, my main body spent a hundred years and used all sorts of clues to investigate and track down this place after much effort, I finally found this Hu Land. It was a pity that my body was too old then, I did not have long to live, I could only make arrangements and leave.”


“Hu Land? Is it the secluded domain of heaven and earth recorded in <<The Legends of Ren Zu>>?” Everyone was surprised, they had heard of it before.


<<The Legends of Ren Zu>> was simply too widely known in the world.


Kong Sheng Tian’s will smiled arrogantly: “Of course! Hu Land shares the same reputation as Xi Land, it is a supreme secluded domain of qi path. Little Ri Tian, you know that my main body’s most signature method was to shoot out currents from my body’s pores and move rapidly. Hu Land and Xi Land are complementary[1], it is a perfect pair with my killer move, using it, we can definitely escape from these pursuers.”


“That is great!!” Everyone was surprised and joyful.


Even though they did not fear death, the best situation was obviously to survive.


Kong Sheng Tian’s will sighed as he added: “It is a pity that you are not a Gu Immortal, Little Ri Tian, you cannot bring this secluded domain of heaven and earth with you. Once I use this killer move, you will scatter and fly out like meteors, the speed is incredible and nobody can catch you, but this Hu Land will be left for those Gu Immortals outside.”


Kong Ri Tian did not mind it: “Ancestor, keeping our lives is already good enough. Since we cannot bring the secluded domain of heaven and earth away, Wu clan can keep it safe for us now. One day, I will take it back, that Wu Ji or Shang Xin Ci will moan under my legs, they will suffer for this!!”


Kong Ri Tian said this, his gaze turned ruthless, he emitted the aura of a demonic path member who had no fear for anything, he was filled with evil intentions.


Kong Sheng Tian’s will laughed loudly: “Good, this is how my descendant should act like!”


Kong Sheng Tian was also a demonic path member back then, he liked descendants like Kong Ri Tian.


Speaking of which, even though Kong Ri Tian had committed countless sins, he did not lack talent or a proper nature. Otherwise, he would survive in Southern Border for so long and even gain the reputation of a strong demon.


Chen Yin Dao spoke: “Lord Gu Immortal, these people are my brothers, we would like to travel together. I heard from lord’s words that we will be separated?”


Kong Sheng Tian’s will nodded: “Indeed, if my main body was still here, I can use Hu Land to let you guys escape together. But I am only a will now, I can barely use Hu Land, be it direction or destination, I cannot control either. Maybe you can stay here and hide elsewhere, after I leave with Little Ri Tian, that Southern Border Gu Immortal might go after us instead.”


Chen Yin Dao and the rest were troubled.


Since they could leave, they definitely should leave.


Staying here was too risky!


Central Continent’s four obscenities were experienced with living like fugitives, they knew that staying behind was the same as courting death.


But if they escaped, they would not be together with Wang Xiao Er.


And if they were separated and the cursed activated…


“Brother Kong, I would like to speak to you.” Thinking of this, Chen Yin Dao sighed deeply, he decided to speak the truth.


Kong Ri Tian was a little surprised, even though he cooperated with the Central Continent four great obscenities, he kept his guard up. But now that his ancestor was awake, he was not afraid of the four great obscenities’ sneak attack.


Kong Ri Tian went to a corner with Chen Yin Dao as they conversed quietly.


“So that’s it.” Kong Ri Tiang gasped.


“Why else would we be like this?” Chen Yin Dao spoke very helplessly.


Kong Ri Tian blinked wildly: “I thought that Central Continent people had such interests, speaking of which, when I first saw that, I was shocked, to think that you brothers would have such interests!”


Their conversation could be heard as muffled voices in the air.


“Brothers, what do you think boss is telling Brother Kong?” Wang Xiao Er was confused, he asked in curiosity.


[1] Xi Land sucks in qi, Hu Land expels qi.




