Chapter 21: How Can This Be?


The sun had yet to rise. The eastern sky was just beginning to brighten, deep blue slowly melting into hints of orange, and the smell of the night still remained in the air.


The streets were empty, but then came the sound of quick footsteps. The early dawn mountain air was moist, yet Fang Zheng did not feel the slightest chill; his heart was full of surging enthusiasm. His face flushed, he walked swiftly toward the academy.


I have been cultivating hard the past few days, I even spent two primeval stones. I did not sleep at all last night, and I’ve finally refined my Moonlight Gu. I am an A grade talent, and I worked so hard, no one can be faster than me, no one! Father and Mother, I told you I wouldn’t let you down.


When he told his adopted parents the good news earlier, they expressed happiness and relief, making Fang Zheng feel a surge of joy and pride.


Just wait, Big Brother and all you clansmen who looked down on me. From now on, I shall make you all look up to me!


The more he thought, the more excited he felt. He could not help but clench his fists, and his pace quickened a little more.


He came to the academy entrance.


The academy’s two guards looked at him strangely. “Umm, Gu Yue Fang Yuan, why are you back?”


“What, Big Brother was here just now?” When Fang Zheng heard them, his face showed a hint of surprise and puzzlement.


“Ah, whatever!” He would never guess that Fang Yuan had snatched first place. He shook his head and cupped his fist, and said a little arrogantly, “Guards, I am not Gu Yue Fang Yuan, I’m Gu Yue Fang Zheng. I have already successfully refined my vital Gu, and I am here to come and take the top prize.”


“You are Gu Yue Fang Zheng? You brothers are just too alike, no wonder the academy elder was mistaken,” the guard on the left side exclaimed, his eyes widening. The guard on the right shook his head and said, “You came one step too late. Late last night, your older brother came and took the top prize.”


“My older brother!” Fang Zheng suddenly opened his eyes wide, crying out, “Wait, you said he took first place?”


How can this be! Doesn’t my big brother have C grade talent? This has to be a joke, right?!


“It’s true. How could we possibly joke about this?” Seeing Fang Zheng in disbelief, the guard seemed somewhat unhappy.


“This matter has been confirmed by the academy elder. In due course, the ranking will be released. What’s wrong, your older brother did not tell you about it?” the other guard added.


Fang Zheng just stood at the door, staring blankly.


The truth was so different from his imagination; he simply could not understand what had just happened. Fang Zheng had built up images of his competition in his mind. Among them, the greatest threats were Mo Bei and Chi Cheng.


They were the class’s B grade talents. They had the backing of the clan’s two largest branch families, and each of their grandfathers held great authority and sufficient wealth.


If either of them won first place, Fang Zheng’s heart and mind were still prepared. Even though he would feel a sense of loss, it was still acceptable.


But right now, the one who took first place was not Mo Bei or Chi Cheng.


It was Fang Yuan, his older brother!


A person with C grade talent!


A person who fell into depression after the Awakening Ceremony!


A person who slept soundly in class all day!


A person who was always heavily drunk and never returned home at night!


A person who bullied Shen Cui, slapped him twice, and took all his primeval stones away!


A person who always held him down, a shadow entrenched in his heart!


How? It can’t be possible! Fang Zheng roared in his heart. I worked so hard, and he just drank wine every day, and yet in the end he was the one who got first place? How is this fair? Why? Why?!


The sun rose from the east as the birds sang, and the taste of spring took over Qing Mao Mountain.


Fang Zheng was bathed in the warm sunlight. He slowly lowered his head and gritted his teeth, looking at his own lonely shadow. The excitement in his heart had popped like a balloon. Instead, what took its place was doubt, confusion, resentment, denial, fear, and other emotions he could not describe.


The sun climbed higher.


A list of names found its way onto the academy’s bulletin board. There were just two: first Fang Yuan, and then Fang Zheng. The news spread quickly.


Upon hearing it, all the students who had been bent on refining their Gu were in an uproar.


“How can this be!”


“If it was Fang Zheng who took first place, I would have still believed it, but it’s Fang Yuan? Isn’t he a C grade talent?”


“Could there have been a mistake? The A grade Fang Zheng actually lost to the C grade Fang Yuan, is this a fairy tale?”


•••


At the Mo branch family home…


The greenery in the courtyard was overflowing, the fragrance of tea filling the air.


One of the clan’s elders, Mo Chen, was sitting in front of his desk, looking at the spring scenery outside his window. He leisurely drank his tea and asked, “Mo Bei hasn’t continued refining his Gu?”


The housekeeper standing to the side hurriedly replied, “After he heard the news, Young Master Mo Bei seemed to be deeply affected and was in no mood to continue refining it. It is a pity, Young Master Mo Bei was so close to succeeding. If Fang Zheng took first, he might have ignored it, but it just has to be that C grade talent Fang Yuan. So Young Master Mo Bei lost interest.”


“Hmph! Don’t make excuses for him.” Mo Chen snorted coldly, his face stern and his tone hard. “A Gu Master’s cultivation is full of hardship at every step, what is a small setback like this? That Fang Yuan is just C grade, so to be able to take first place is presumably due to luck. The Moonlight Gu that he chose must have had a weak will. If Mo Bei can’t see that and lets such a small setback get to him, then how is he supposed to take charge of the Mo branch family in the future? How can he compete with the Chi branch family? No one is allowed to advise him, let him think about it by himself!”


“Yes, master.” The housekeeper did not dare to refute him.


•••


Almost at the same time, in the home of the Chi branch family…


“Gu Yue Fang Yuan…” The clan elder Chi Lian let out a long sigh, his brows scrunched into a frown as he thought. He waved his hand. “Someone, call Young Master Chi Cheng over, please.”


In a moment, Chi Cheng walked into the room with a forlorn expression. He kneeled in respect and said, “Good morning, Grandpa.”


“Seems like you’ve already heard the news.” Chi Lian looked at his only grandson, his tone gentle. He slowly said, “I called you over to prevent you from being influenced by this matter. You see, when refining Gu, one looks first at talent, then at the Gu worm.


“Fang Yuan’s talent is just C grade, yet he was able to take first place this time. This means that the Gu he chose — compared to all the Moonlight Gu your peers have — had a will that was much weaker. This is entirely due to luck. So, my grandson, do not be discouraged, this is nothing. He is just a C grade talent; though he is the same as you, he does not have access to as many resources. His road to advancement will be much harder than yours. Believe your grandpa, you will soon surpass him.


“Hence, you should cast aside this trivial matter. Fang Yuan will not be your opponent, and is not worthy to be your rival. Your real enemies are the A grade talent Fang Zheng and the Mo family’s Mo Bei. Do you understand?”


“Yes, thank you for your advice, Grandpa. I understand. I will go now and continue refining my Gu!” Chi Cheng’s dejected expression was replaced with a spirited one.


“Mmm.” Elder Chi Lian nodded his head, satisfied. A kindly smile emerged on his face and he said, “Good boy. While your talent is only C grade, you can rest assured that I will fully support you so that we can maintain your facade of being B grade. Later, I will come and use the aura of a rank three Gu worm to suppress your Moonlight Gu’s will and help you refine it!”


