Chapter 2128: Hu Land Projection


2128 Hu Land Projection Ni clan’s Gu Masters were using all their strength to deal with the gold fragment current.


They first used mortal Gu to make a grand embankment, then they dug a canal to draw away a portion of the river, the rising gold fragment current was gradually receding.


However, a large number of lifeforms lived in the gold fragment current.


Ni clan’s army had invaded the territory of the river fish, frightening these fish monsters.


All kinds of river monsters swam to the surface and attacked, some even charged to the shore and attacked Ni clan’s Gu Masters while letting out strange sounds.


Ni clan specialized in earth path, their basic Gu worm was rank one mud Gu. Earth path specialized in defense, Ni clan Gu Masters had constructed lines of defense and were prepared for the fight.


But the number of river monsters was high and they even had stronger myriad beast kings.


Under the frantic offensive waves of the river monsters, the defensive lines of Ni clan’s Gu Masters broke one by one.


“Persevere!”


“Kill!”


“Avenge our clansmen!”




“Hold on and carve the future of our clan!”


Mud and blood splattered everywhere, groups of Gu Masters rotated as they resisted the attacks of the river monsters.


The Ni clansmen were brought into the sovereign immortal aperture and had been secretly nurtured by Fang Yuan, the number of their Gu Masters had increased by a lot. Adding on the strong survival pressure in Mini Yellow Heaven, these Ni clansmen had to unite and foster a harmonious environment.


In this defensive battle, Ni clan’s army showed astonishing battle strength and resolute fighting spirit!


Finally, there were fewer river monsters and Ni clan’s army was able to hold on.


They then began their counterattack.


The river monsters did not have much internal organization from the start, and under this sudden change of situation, they began to collapse rapidly.


The Ni clan Gu Masters carved a path of blood, leaving behind countless river monster corpses in their way.


These corpses were Gu materials, they were rich battle spoils.


Ni clan Gu Masters killed their way to the gold fragment current, various kinds of Gu worms were activated, their attacks landed on the river, raising countless dazzling golden waves.




“We won!”


“Quick, set up the Gu formation, it is not the time to rejoice yet.”


“Yes, we must quickly set up the Gu formation, otherwise new waves of river monsters will come out.”


Ni clan Gu Masters were setting up the formation with all their efforts.


They had meticulously prepared for over half a year for this, making proper plans and arrangements.


However, just as the Gu formation was about to finish setting up, the whole gold fragment current and the cloud soil they were on began to vibrate.


“What’s going on? The river monsters are attacking again?”


“Something is wrong! Something is wrong!”


“Look up, oh heavens!”


Gu Masters exclaimed in shock, when they looked towards the sky, they all stiffened like rocks.


Because they saw the meteor rain falling from the sky.


Some of these meteors were only the size of a small field, while some were as large as a mountain.


And there were tens of thousands of them!


The large number of meteors whistled through the air, leaving behind blazing trails in their path as they pressed through the atmosphere and rained down with an irresistible momentum.


“We’re doomed!” The faces of Ni clan’s Gu Masters were deathly pale.


“Does heaven want to exterminate my Ni clan?” In the deathly silent battlefield, an elderly Ni clan Gu Master howled with grief and fury.


“I am not ready to die like this!” The current generation Ni clan leader, who was also the current generation Ni Xiang, clenched his fists, “We were close to success, my clan sacrificed so much to curb the flood, the beautiful future was already in sight. But now, we are going to die.”


Everyone was hopeless.


Nature’s might was so horrifying that these Ni clan Gu Masters did not even have the thought of resisting, they all felt their insignificance, this was the sorrow and helplessness of the weak.


But right at this time, the sky that was lit by the meteor rain dimmed suddenly.


Howl howl howl…


Ni clan Gu Masters heard waves of cries which seemed to have come from the nine layers of hell.


Temperature began to fall down rapidly, and the countless Gu Masters felt their hearts shaking!


“What… what is that?”


“Oh lords in heaven!”


“A black giant?!”


The Ni clan Gu Masters were horrified and in despair as they watched the scene before them with wide eyes.


They saw a giant appearing slowly, it was pitch-black like the abyss. Its body was so large that when it bent its leg, a huge shadow was cast on the ground.


As the giant stood up, its height was even more horrifying, directly reaching the sky with clouds floating beside its shoulders.


The black giant had two heads, its terrifying four eyes let out a dark, malevolent light that seemed to shoot through the sky!


Its hundreds of hands were raised high with their claws opened, forming a scene like that of an extremely ferocious and strange forest.


One of the pitch-black giant’s head opened and breathed out a dark soul river.


The soul river was tumultuous, whipping up astonishing waves that drowned a large number of meteors.


The giant’s other head opened and sucked in. Many small meteors were directly absorbed into its stomach.


Bam bam bam…


Its ghostly claws and giant arms moved through the air, catching the hill sized meteors!


Waves surged up and down in the Ni clansmen’s hearts.


“It is truly capable of holding up heaven and earth, picking moon and stars at will!”


“This world was actually concealing such a terrifying monster!”


“Compared to this giant, our Ni clan cannot even be considered as ants.”


Almost the entire meteor rain was stopped by the giant, only some fragments fell to the ground.


Some of these fragments fell on the gold fragment current and some fell on the cloud soil, they would definitely bring unknown influences to the original ecology.


The meteor rain died down and the giant also left, the enormous body slowly disappearing from the Ni clansmen’s sight.


After a long while, the surviving Ni clan Gu Masters erupted with cheers.


And the greatest contributor to this, the black giant, turned into a ray of soul light that entered Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal body.


Indeed.


This black soul giant was the soul of Fang Yuan’s main body!


After Fang Yuan inherited Shadow Sect’s true inheritance, he had gained the supreme cultivation method of soul path.


This method divided soul cultivation to two layers: First layer was human soul, the cultivation starting from single man soul to hundred man soul, thousand man soul… until the highest hundred million man soul. Hundred million man soul was the limit of human soul, where it turned from phantom to solid and could interfere with the material world.


The second layer was desolate soul. Because fate Gu was damaged by Red Lotus Demon Venerable, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable found a way to break through the limit of human soul. Once the soul broke through to desolate soul, the soul’s essence would transform, the soul alone possessing desolate beast level battle strength.


Fang Yuan’s soul had already reached desolate soul level, his soul cultivation had never stopped and now had already reached sixty million desolate soul!


Ten desolate soul, hundred desolate soul, thousand desolate soul, ten thousand desolate soul, hundred thousand desolate soul, million desolate soul, ten million desolate soul, and hundred million desolate soul!


Reaching hundred million desolate soul meant the Three Headed Thousand Arms Demon Soul which possessed quasi-rank nine battle strength, the soul could directly resist calamities and tribulations, defying the heavens and stamping the earth, slaughtering deities and ghosts, shocking the world with unmatched might!


This was the peak level of soul foundation, and also the limit that the world could contain.


Hundred million desolate soul had three heads and thousand arms, Fang Yuan had not reached that level yet.


Fang Yuan’s soul cultivation was similar to the previous Spectral Soul’s, they both had two heads and over six hundred arms.


“Soul cultivation is really amazing.”


“Just the soul itself has pseudo venerable battle strength. If it uses immortal essence, it can even activate killer moves.”


“More importantly, such killer moves aren’t used through Gu worms, but through the arrangements of dao marks like a natural ability.”


Fang Yuan ruminated.


His soul manifestation had breathed out a tumultuous soul river, which was referenced from Spectral Soul’s ability during the pursuit against Fang Yuan.


According to Spectral Soul’s techniques, Fang Yuan transformed the referenced soul path killer move into soul path dao marks and engraved them on his soul.


Thereupon, this soul river killer move became an innate ability of Fang Yuan’s soul.


As long as the related arrangement of dao marks was not destroyed, Fang Yuan could quickly activate this killer move without a need for Gu worms. This was an extremely simple, convenient, and quick method!


“Soul cultivation innate abilities, totem killer moves, as well as formation path great grandmaster that can use natural dao marks to set up the formation… they are all the same in the end.”


“With the supply from Fang clan, I don’t lack soul cores, and it is not difficult to cultivate to the peak hundred million desolate soul.”


“This method can be one of my trump cards, it cannot be revealed casually.”


The five regions and two heavens were monitored by heaven’s will at all times, if Fang Yuan used this method in the outside world, it would be known by heaven’s will. There was no such threat inside the sovereign immortal aperture.


“Let’s look at the situation now.” Fang Yuan activated Cooking Luck Pot and observed his luck.


“Hmm?” Fang Yuan frowned.


His luck did not look good.


At this time, his silver light pillar had become increasingly loose and was actually showing a sign of collapse!


Those three clouds above the silver light pillar had also changed.


The starlight cloud occupied the highest position, this signified Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was the greatest threat.


Below this was Spectral Soul’s pitch-black luck cloud. Although it was suppressed by the starlight cloud, it had spread some darkness that penetrated into Fang Yuan’s silver light pillar like roots, showing signs of taking root and sprouting!


And the golden cloud that represented Giant Sun had become much thicker, although it was below the other two clouds, it showed signs of accumulating energy and biding its time.


And besides the previous clouds, an anomaly had also appeared around the silver light pillar.


The indistinct shadow of a raised hill was projected on the surface of the silver light pillar…


Southern Border.


The travel-worn Feng Tian Yu stopped his footsteps.


He was gasping for air: “I have finally arrived.”


Feng Tian Yu’s journey was arduous. He wanted to find other branch villages of Ni clan, but found nothing.


That went without saying. Fang Yuan had already moved all the Ni clansmen into his aperture long ago.


Feng Tian Yu was not able to make any contribution and was extremely disappointed. But on his way, he found that this mud monster Ni Jian could devour mud Gu materials to increase its strength!


“All the Ni clansmen have disappeared mysteriously. If I return in disgrace like this, I won’t be able to give any explanation, and it is also not my style. I might as well raise this mud monster’s battle strength, and when Shang Xin Ci questions me after I return, I can give a proper reply.”


Therefore, Feng Tian Yu moved around until he arrived at… Rotten Mud Mountain.


Rotten Mud Mountain might not be too famous, but it was still considered a famous mountain. Although there were poison path dao marks, it mostly contained earth path dao marks. These mud Gu materials were everywhere on the mountain and were suitable for feeding Ni Jian.


“It seems like a beast tide occurred here, the Gu Master village down the mountain is also destroyed. Alright, let me explore it alone.”


Feng Tian Yu had rank five cultivation and also had Ni Jian with him. He moved up the mountain and gave the suitable mud Gu materials to Ni Jian to devour.


After several days and nights in the mountain, Feng Tian Yu arrived in an area.


Suddenly, Ni Jian spat out the mud Gu materials.


“What’s going on? The mud here actually contains qi path dao marks?” Feng Tian Yu was astonished after investigating the reason.




