Chapter 2153: Lord Fang Yuan, Time to Get Going!


Wu Yong wanted to meet Fang Yuan personally.


If the pursuit of Fang Yuan had just ended, Wu Yong would not dare to get close to him at all.


Fang Yuan was the number one demon in the world, Wu Yong would not dare to approach him, there was a threat of getting killed.


It was too dangerous!


But now was different.


Fang Yuan had an entire series of methods for foreign affairs, he engaged in transactions with many major forces without using brute strength.


The initial effect might be small but after so long, super forces like Wu clan, Fang clan, and Chai clan could see that Fang Yuan was someone who could work with principles and rules.


After these super forces reassessed Fang Yuan, they decided to work with him.


It was not easy to reach this stage.


Would a rabbit have the guts to make transactions with a wolf?


“But this man in front of me achieved this feat.” Wu Yong looked at Fang Yuan while feeling complicated internally.




Wu Yong was a current generation hero, his talent and aptitude were top rate even among rank eight Gu Immortals. Seeing Fang Yuan’s actions these days, even Wu Yong sighed to himself as he developed feelings of admiration.


Having strength but not abusing it or bullying the weak casually, this was not something easy to achieve. On the surface, this seemed like the demeanor of someone with self-control and an understanding that one could not abuse their advantage or they would eventually falter. But the truth was, he was unaffected by greed or ambition, his logic had always suppressed other emotions.


In the current world, no, throughout time, throughout the history of mankind, how many people could reach this stage?


Fang Yuan could even make these weaker forces undergo transactions with him without worries. Initially, there was only Wu clan, but Wu Yong soon found that almost all super forces were transacting with him, they sold some useless famous mountains in exchange for the chance to refine rank eight Immortal Gu.


This was not easy.


It showed that Fang Yuan had incredible interpersonal skills.


Be it through threatening or temptation, even if he used other methods, the result was that he succeeded.


“Fang Yuan is truly an incredible person! Even though he started from the demonic path, his mannerism and mindset has never been restrained by shallow ideas like factions.”


“He can be righteous or demonic, he can either help the world or cause chaos in the world, everything depends on the methods he adopt. Even throughout history, such a demon is truly the most terrifying.”


“Being born in the same generation as this person is also my blessing.”




Wu Yong was wary of Fang Yuan, he had felt disappointment and rage because of Fang Yuan, but he had also gained morale and inspiration, he even saw the beauty of life because of Fang Yuan.


Because from Fang Yuan, he saw himself, it was a testament to his own ideals.


He had too many similarities with Fang Yuan.


Fang Yuan’s series of actions during this period allowed Wu Yong to see Fang Yuan’s vision, he knew that Fang Yuan was someone who saw ten steps ahead of each action.


“Since everyone’s opinions and actions have changed because of Fang Yuan, why can’t I try to cooperate even more deeply with him?” After losing Hu Land, Wu Yong developed this thought.


What to do with an enemy you could not beat?


The best way was to cooperate with them, to turn from enemies to allies!


Cooperating with Fang Yuan had huge potential for gains, it was very helpful to Wu clan.


Wu Yong was someone with high restraint, but he also had the honor of the righteous path.


Except that the honor of an ambitionist like him was worth less than a piece of paper. As long as the benefits were high enough, Wu Yong could tear this paper into pieces with no second thought.


Thus, Wu Yong took the initiative to come and meet with Fang Yuan personally, he wanted to talk and try to see if he could deepen their cooperation!


Seeing Wu Yong, Fang Yuan also revealed a faint smile.


Wu Yong had once chased after his life, but so what?


If you can kill me, that is testament to your strength! This is a world where the strongest survive, if I die because of you, that is because I am weak, it is my own lack of capability, it is my fault!


The weak were devoured by the strong, was this not a natural thing?


Thus, in Fang Yuan’s heart, he had never felt any pointless hatred or grudge.


Wu Yong came here of his own accord, his intention to cooperate was obvious, then let’s cooperate!


For Fang Yuan, working with Wu clan had benefits and gains too.


Wu Yong was the leader of the Southern Alliance, while Wu clan was the number one super force in Southern Border. They would become a role model for other forces if they chose to cooperate.


Like how Fang Yuan traded with other forces for famous mountains, he had used Wu clan’s transaction records to tempt them.


But just when Fang Yuan was about to talk with Wu Yong, a Gu Immortal flew over in the sky.


This Gu Immortal was dressed in a grey hemp garment and conical hat, he had a muscular body and a chin that was wide and thick, it was Lu Wei Yin.


He had always been calm and composed, but now, he showed an anxious expression.


Lu Wei Yin saw Fang Yuan and shouted from afar: “Lord Fang Yuan, I finally found you!”


“What’s the matter?” Fang Yuan smiled.


Lu Wei Yin flew towards Fang Yuan, casting a glance at Wu Yong but not greeting him.


Wu Yong became quite curious, he had never seen Lu Wei Yin in such a frantic state.


Lu Wei Yin spoke directly in front of Fang Yuan: “Lord Fang Yuan, do you know that yesterday, Divine Emperor City brought Heavenly Court’s immortals from Central Continent straight towards Northern Plains’ Crazed Demon Cave!”


“Oh?” Fang Yuan’s expression moved slightly.


Lu Wei Yin continued: “Star Constellation Immortal Venerable has likely revived, if she joins up with Heavenly Court, they will be able to work together, Crazed Demon Cave’s situation will be very dangerous. There is no time, we need to head there immediately and take control of the situation!”


“What?” Wu Yong heard this and felt incredibly shocked.


What in the world was going on?


Why were Heavenly Court and Crazed Demon Cave involved in something?


Wu Yong was very perceptive, he immediately realized that this was an incredibly important fight. Regardless of the result, it would definitely affect the entire Gu Immortal world, as well as the five regions and two heavens!


But Fang Yuan was not anxious, he consoled Lu Wei Yin: “Your information network is really broad. But don’t worry, don’t be anxious, I still have matters to settle.”


Saying this, Fang Yuan used a method to put Frosty Peak into the sovereign immortal aperture.


“How can I not be anxious?” Lu Wei Yin took off his hat as he stared with wide eyes, urging: “We are going against Heavenly Court and Longevity Heaven, the location is also Limitless Demon Venerable’s Crazed Demon Cave, as well as that secluded domain of heaven and earth, Primordial Domain. Lord Fang Yuan, we cannot lose our initiative in this fight.”


“What? What? Heavenly Court, Longevity Heaven… Limitless Demon Venerable… and Primordial Domain? The secluded domain of heaven and earth recorded in <<The Legends of Ren Zu>>?” Wu Yong had more and more questions in his mind, he felt more anxious as well.


He wanted to know everything.


Fang Yuan had a solemn expression: “I know that you want to make contributions, I’ve already promised you. If Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable wants to revive, I will help you. But I have my own judgment towards the situation, if I do not use my time to strengthen myself, how can I go up against the venerables? There is no need to rush me any further.”


“This…” Lu Wei Yin pondered without speaking further.


Fang Yuan turned to Wu Yong as he smiled again: “Wu Yong, regarding the sale of famous mountains, I think we can expand the scale of transactions. For example, Moon Bowl, Corpse Mountain, Phoenix Peak, or Corpse Emperor Yu Ding Tian, and others.”


Wu Yong showed a difficult expression: “These famous mountains have higher value than Frosty Peak. The true value of Phoenix Peak is that phoenixes will gather every year to lay eggs. If you take the mountain, it might not have great value anymore.”


“As for Corpse Emperor Yu Ding Tian or Corpse Mountain, they are things that Wu clan needs. Not long ago, we obtained the enslavement path true inheritance of the Corpse Emperor, we are trying to develop and use it, these two mountains are not for sale.”


“As for Moon Bowl, as long as the price is reasonable, we can consider selling it.”


Wu Yong spoke with a sincere tone but his mind was wandering elsewhere.


He had been anticipating this conversation for a long time. But because of Lu Wei Yin’s words earlier, Wu Yong’s attention was drawn away to the issue instead.


Fang Yuan negotiated with Wu Yong for some time, Lu Wei Yin was left unattended beside them.


Fang Yuan truly needed more famous mountains now.


Even though the earlier transactions were helpful, they were mostly useless mountains. But if Wu clan led the transaction, this huge deal between Fang Yuan and Southern Border’s super forces could go one step further.


After the discussion, Fang Yuan waved his sleeves: “Alright, I’ll see you both another time.”


Lu Wei Yin stretched out his hand: “Lord Fang Yuan…”


Before leaving, Fang Yuan cast a cold glance at him: “I have other matters to attend to.”


Lu Wei Yin could not speak any of the words that he had bottled up inside.


At the next moment, heaven and earth travel was activated, Fang Yuan vanished on the spot.


He really had things to do.


This time, he went to Rotten Mud Mountain and took the mountain.


“Sigh!” Lu Wei Yin sighed deeply to himself.


Wu Yong smiled: “We have not met for some time. Why don’t we…”


Lu Wei Yin waved his hand: “Wu Yong, I have matters to attend to, when I am free, I will definitely visit Wu Yi Mountain.”


Saying so, Lu Wei Yin left.


He did not have the mood to explain things to Wu Yong.


Wu Yong also had a bunch of bottled up questions, he felt horrible internally.


He immediately turned his gaze towards the variant human Gu Immortals that were present.


His smile did not change, he asked these people.


But what did these variant human Gu Immortals know?


The leader replied calmly: “Without master’s permission, how can us subordinates speak out of line? Please do not blame us, Lord Wu Yong, we need to continue moving the mountains.”


Wu Yong was helpless as he watched these people leave.


Even though he spoke to Fang Yuan and achieved his original goal, Wu Yong could not be happy.


He sensed acutely that he was starting to get left behind by Fang Yuan and others. He had no idea what was going on in Crazed Demon Cave, for example.


“No wonder Fang Yuan is trying to work with the major forces… Star Constellation Immortal Venerable revived? One can only imagine the pressure he is facing.”


“Maybe I should use this to haggle for more conditions with Fang Yuan?”


After understanding Fang Yuan’s difficulties, Wu Yong started to develop some thoughts.


“Wait.” His eyes burst with bright light: “Lu Wei Yin could have transmitted those words to Fang Yuan, why did he speak in front of me purposely? It is likely that I can gain more information by asking him. He rejected me earlier to try to raise his status and get a higher price.”


Wu Yong smiled bitterly internally.


He knew that if he contacted Lu Wei Yin now, he would be extorted by the latter.


But if he did not ask for information, how could he know if there was a chance to benefit from this situation?




