Chapter 2157: Rushing Forward Together


Lu Wei Yin secretly transmitted as he explained in detail: “Lord Fang Yuan, you may not know this, because of your high battle strength, it will trigger a retaliative method from Limitless Demon Venerable. After our obvious arrival, why did Heavenly Court send more troops to provoke us? It was to probe our strength and try to lure you into attacking, which would be the best outcome for them.”


“What are the details about this?” Fang Yuan asked.


Lu Wei Yin smiled bitterly: “I’m not sure about the exact situation, but I know that Limitless Demon Venerable exerted huge effort to create Crazed Demon Cave back then, it was to make derivations regarding the Heavenly Dao, to find the true path of eternal life. At this point in time, the arrangement is finally about to reveal the result and bear fruit.”


“The current eighth layer void is contracting and shrinking now, all the various worlds are lured to the center, fusing into or annexing each other, until only one great world is left in the end.”


“And this great world might be the result of Limitless Demon Venerable’s derivation, it might contain the answer to eternal life.”


“If we attack abruptly and cause a huge commotion in battle, we may disrupt the eventual derivation of Crazed Demon Cave, Limitless Demon Venerable’s method will immediately activate to deal with us.”


“That will incur an unfavorable loss to our side.”


“Heavenly Court and Longevity Heaven will be happy to see that happen. If we end up suffering mutual losses with Limitless Demon Venerable’s method, we will be less threatening to them while Limitless Demon Venerable’s method will also be exposed, they will be able to discern information about it.”


Fang Yuan pondered: “In that case, we can only make a move when the final great world is formed? Then why would Heavenly Court and Longevity Heaven come here early to take charge of their respective great worlds?”


Lu Wei Yin explained patiently: “More precisely, only people with battle strength like yours cannot make a move. I am still able to take action here.”


“If our side can control Yellow Earth Great World and emerge victorious, we will have the upper hand in the final battle. When the final great world is created, the amount of control we have over it will determine our gains. Thus, we need to invade more worlds and devour them to expand our territory.”




After his transmission, Fang Yuan finally understood the situation.


Currently, he could not take action.


Once he took action and caused a big commotion, he would disrupt Crazed Demon Cave’s final derivation, it would trigger the retaliative method of Limitless Demon Venerable.


Of course, Fang Yuan could suppress his strength to take action.


But there was no need to.


Suppressing his strength would mean that Fang Yuan was about as strong as other Gu Immortals, he might be slightly superior but that would not have an impact on the overall situation. In fact, after making many moves, Heavenly Court and Longevity Heaven would gain information about his methods, he would even waste his luck in advance.


Thus, Lu Wei Yin invited Fang Yuan over mainly to deal with the final eventual battle.


Once the final world was formed, Fang Yuan, Star Constellation, and Longevity Heaven might have equal battle strength, they would fight it out for the final fruit in Crazed Demon Cave.


At that time, they would fight for real.


Before that, Lu Wei Yin could still make a move (he was pseudo venerable battle strength only in terms of defense) to try to make Yellow Earth Great World the victor of this war.




This would have significant impact on the final battle.


If Lu Wei Yin could succeed, Fang Yuan would gain the initiative later.


“Even if Yellow Earth Great World cannot win in this battle, we cannot let the other two worlds gain too much of a lead. As long as we defend the Sacred Tomb, during the final battle, Lord Paradise Earth will be able to revive successfully. By then, our battle strength will reign above the other two forces.” Lu Wei Yin explained his meticulously crafted plan to Fang Yuan.


The conclusion was to defend now and counterattack later.


Defending their base initially while stirring conflict in secret, to make Savage Wilderness Great World and Green Lotus Great World fight each other and expend their strength, to make sure the three forces were eventually matched in the end.


At the later stage, after Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable revives, he would gain Fang Yuan’s support and use their superior battle strength to gain victory over the others.


This was a logical arrangement to bide for time, it suited Lu Wei Yin’s nature.


But…


This was not Fang Yuan’s style.


Fang Yuan looked at the kneeling Yellow Earth Gu Immortals before turning to Lu Wei Yin, smiling: “Taking hits passively is not how I do things. Since we cannot use our top battle strength easily, it means that Heavenly Court is taking advantage of the fact that we lack subordinates.”


“In that case…” Fang Yuan smiled as he looked towards Green Lotus Dao field: “Everyone, come outside.”


Saying so, he opened his immortal aperture’s entrance.


Whoosh whoosh whoosh.


A large number of Gu Immortals flew out.


“We pay respects to master!” Dozens of Gu Immortals greeted at once.


Their voices were thunderously loud, all of the Gu Immortals had evident excitement on their faces.


“The details are listed on the mission board, go.” Fang Yuan waved his hand casually.


Swoosh swoosh!


These Gu Immortals immediately split into two groups, charging towards the two battlefields.


The kneeling Yellow Earth Gu Immortals were dumbfounded.


“How did so many Gu Immortals appear at once!”


“These people seem to be calling that handsome sage master.”


“We are saved, Yellow Earth Great World is saved!”


After the Yellow Earth Gu Immortal reacted, they all relaxed and some even wept in joy.


Not just them, even Lu Wei Yin was shocked.


He had seen Fang Yuan dispatching variant human Gu Immortals all over Southern Border to collect mountains, he also knew that Fang Yuan led the variant human alliance, his force was not small.


But after seeing the main force that Fang Yuan sent out, Lu Wei Yin was filled with shock.


“So many Gu Immortals, they number to over fifty!”


“And from their aura, there are eighteen rank eight Gu Immortals, the rest are all rank seven Gu Immortals.”


“How can there be so many rank eight Gu Immortals?”


“The rank seven Gu Immortals also have surging auras, they are close to the realm of rank eight already.”


“No, there is no way Fang Yuan has zero rank six Gu Immortals, this means that these Gu Immortals are not his entire force?”


“That’s right, Fang Yuan’s clone Wu Shuai has not showed up either.”


As Lu Wei Yin analyzed, the disbelief in his heart intensified.


He also felt worried.


“Did Fang Yuan spend all of his recent time nurturing these subordinates? According to his personality, he should not be this unwise…”


“Also, even though these Gu Immortals are high in number and have high cultivation level, who knows how high their actual battle strength is.”


The ones that Lu Wei Yin was confident in were Xiao He Jian and Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch.


Front lines.


“Go and die!” Qing Hao Zi killed another Yellow Earth Gu Immortal.


But its injuries were not light either.


It had to temporarily stop its movement and go to Mu Cha Lang.


After Mu Cha Lang’s healing killer move was used, Qing Hao Zi recovered greatly.


“This is all thanks to you, my old friend.” Qing Hao Zi was overjoyed.


Mu Cha Lang said in admiration: “This is all I am skilled at, I feel admiration towards your ability to kill so many people. But don’t be too rash and forget your defense, the final struggle of these Yellow Earth Gu Immortals will not be simple to heal if you get hit.”


“Don’t worry.” Qing Hao Zi raised its bamboo tail: “I will try to kill four people.”


“Hey, you guys should calm down, leave some for me to kill.” Qing Hao Zi called out loudly as it entered the battlefield again.


Right at this time, a group of Gu Immortals flew over from the sky.


They were led by rank eight snowman Gu Immortal, Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch.


He shouted: “We are the subordinates of Yellow Earth Sage, Gu Yue Fang Yuan, we are here to help and kill the Green Lotus Gu Immortals!”


The Gu Immortals were stunned.


The Yellow Earth Gu Immortals who were in deep peril saw hope, they became overjoyed.


The Green Lotus Gu Immortals started to feel their hearts pounding wildly.


It could not be helped.


Together with Mu Cha Lang and Qing Hao Zi, they only had eight people.


But there were over twenty Gu Immortal reinforcements!


Among them, there were nine rank eight Gu Immortals!


On Green Lotus’ side, only Mu Cha Lang, Qing Hao Zi, and Old Forest Moss had rank eight cultivation level.


Weren’t their reinforcements simply too large?!


Mu Cha Lang gritted its teeth, shouting: “Don’t be scared by numbers, who knows what their actual battle strength is!”


The Green Lotus Gu Immortals regained their morale upon hearing this.


That’s right, cultivation level was just part of the battle strength, only by fighting could their true strength be seen.


If they did not even dare to fight and retreated immediately, how would they face the sages on the Sacred Mountain?


The Green Lotus Gu Immortals disregarded the Yellow Earth Gu Immortals, they faced Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch’s group instead.


Immortal killer move — Snow Avalanche!


Immortal killer move — Crashing Rock Slide!


Immortal killer move — Great Earth Collapse!


Immortal killer move — Refine Life!


Immortal killer move — Multi-layered Five Poisons!


…


Bam Bam Bam Bam…


The Yellow Earth Gu Immortals who were disregarded opened their mouths in shock as they watched.


The moment they fought, Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch’s group erupted with their full strength.


All sorts of killer moves were sent out like fireworks, the commotion was huge, resounding in heaven and earth.


Green Lotus’ group also unleashed killer moves but the quantity was lower, their strength was also largely inferior.


Only after just one round, the Green Lotus Gu Immortals faced a terrible loss.


“Retreat, quickly retreat!” Old Forest Moss shouted.


“How can this be? The other side has so many rank eight Immortal Gu!” Qing Hao Zi shouted.


He had become a rank eight Gu Immortal long ago but he had never obtained a rank eight Immortal Gu, in this life, he had not even seen three rank eight Immortal Gu!


But Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch was quite unsatisfied, he scolded: “Don’t launch a barrage like this, it is very wasteful, understand? The moves conflicted with each other, half of it was wasted, only thirty percent landed on the enemies! Find your individual targets and don’t let them escape!”


Even though the first round had huge commotion, a lot of the moves’ strength was wasted.


The outside world was not the sovereign immortal aperture after all.


Thus, the Green Lotus Gu Immortals managed to survive.


But the first round of combat gave them huge gains too.


The Green Lotus Gu Immortals were completely scared and lost their morale, they wanted to retreat now.


But Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch’s group had advantage in number, they dispersed and encircled the enemies.


Battle resumed.


The Green Lotus Gu Immortals were soon beaten up harshly, they were battered and bruised.


“These Gu Immortals have an absurdly perfect set of Immortal Gu!” Qing Hao Zi shouted.


“We can only focus on one aspect, but all of them have superb healing methods.” Mu Cha Lang said bitterly.


“They have too many killer moves, they are all incredible methods!” Other Gu Immortals shouted.


Fang Yuan’s refinement path attainment was number one in the world, Heavenly Court and Longevity Heaven could only look at him in admiration.


After obtaining a vast number of immortal materials from the various grotto-heavens, compared to other forces, Fang Yuan had the highest number of Immortal Gu in the world.




