Chapter 2158: Too Brutal!


Immortal Gu were unique, Immortal Gu were the most fundamental.


After sovereign immortal aperture’s Gu Immortals obtained Immortal Gu, they were also able to easily exchange for corresponding killer moves.


Even though they lost some dao marks, these gains were simply too immense, completely negating the flaw of fewer dao marks.


A moment later, the Green Lotus Gu Immortals ran with all their strength.


Only three rank eights escaped, the rest were all killed by Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch’s group.


“Without a battlefield killer move, we cannot kill Gu Immortals efficiently.” Bing Yuan sighed.


“Cannot kill efficiently?” The Yellow Earth Gu Immortals looked at the five corpses on the ground, their hearts beating wildly.


“Too timid, too timid!” Shi Zong sighed in pity: “They actually ran away, they are a disgrace to all rank eights!”


The Yellow Earth Gu Immortals looked at each other and transmitted secretly: “Even if I have rank eight cultivation level, I would have ran away in this situation too?”


“How can we face our master with just these results?” Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch gritted his teeth, making a decision: “Chase, we will pursue and kill them!!”


The Yellow Earth Gu Immortal were shocked, they quickly urged: “Everyone, don’t be too rash. There are still a number of Green Lotus rank eight Gu Immortals, they did not join the battle.”




“Indeed, we barely managed to win this fight, we should go on the defense instead.”


“Green Lotus Great World has many Immortal Gu Houses with terrifying strength, many Gu Immortals were killed on the spot because of their rampage.”


Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch was completely unmoved, he looked at the Yellow Earth Gu Immortals indifferently: “We are the subordinates of Sage Gu Yue Fang Yuan, we only obey his orders. You can all stay and clean up the battlefield.”


Be it the Immortal Gu or immortal apertures of these fallen Gu Immortals, Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch’s group did not take any.


That was Fang Yuan’s order.


The Gu Immortals and Immortal Gu that belonged here were part of Limitless Demon Venerable’s derivation results.


Killing these Gu Immortals would promote the fusion of the great worlds.


At the same time, in another battlefield.


Xiao He Jian and the rest arrived before Hei Liu Biao and Xue Li Du.


“So many reinforcements!”




“Wonderful, we’re saved.”


There were only two Yellow Earth Gu Immortals left.


“Be careful, these two are powerful rank eight experts from Savage Wilderness Great World, they are very strong!”


“They are specialized in…”


“Noisy!” Xiao He Jian took charge as the leader, he shouted and interrupted the advice of the Yellow Earth Gu Immortals.


This miniman Gu Immortal’s eyes seemed to be glowing red, he pointed at the mountain-like six legged black tiger and shouted: “This guy belongs to me, I will fight anyone who contests with me!”


Roar—!


Hei Liu Biao was triggered: “Tiny little bug, you are going to die, I will kill you, no Gu Immortal had ever treated me with such an attitude!!”


Hei Liu Biao charged in a frenzy towards Xiao He Jian.


The Yellow Earth Gu Immortals were deeply scared and shocked.


“Numbers do not determine everything!” Xue Li Du also smiled coldly, charging into the Gu Immortal group.


Bam Bam Bam Bam….


An array of fireworks erupted, it was a beautiful sight.


Bam.


With a loud sound, Hei Liu Biao crashed onto the ground, creating a huge and deep crater.


It stared with wide eyes, struggling to get up.


Boom!


Xiao He Jian flew like a meteor, charging down.


Behind him were five to six rank eight Gu Immortals, they also attacked.


Bam bam bam bam!


The ground shook intensely, dust clouds rose, almost covering the rays of the sun.


With an intense wind that swept by, the dust clouds were dispersed.


The crater was even deeper now.


Hei Liu Biao was lying at the bottom of the crater, holding onto its last breath, its six tiger claws were twitching.


“I told you guys not to interfere!” Xiao He Jian shouted.


“On what basis?”


“Whoever kills it gets the contribution points!”


The other Gu Immortals shouted in retaliation.


Xiao He Jian rolled his eyes: “We all attacked, so who killed him? Who can be sure of it?”


“Easy, we can split up the contribution points. Whoever gets the largest part of the corpse will get the most points.”


Nobody knew who was the one who suggested this.


But at the very next moment, the rank eight Gu Immortals flew down into the pit, splitting up the corpse of Hei Liu Biao.


“The leg is mine!”


“Hmph, I only got a tail! Give me back the butt.”


“Head, this tiger head, hahaha, it is mine!”


The rank eight Gu Immortals shouted loudly, some were happy while others were dejected.


Those who did not get enough body parts directed their gaze towards snow wing eagle Xue Li Du.


But Xue Li Du had been killed already, it died even earlier than Hei Liu Biao.


The corpse was also completely split up between the Gu Immortals.


The Yellow Earth Gu Immortals watched in a daze.


Too brutal.


Too brutal!


Weren’t these Gu Immortals the subordinates of the sage? Why were they so brutal?


Not only did they kill the Gu Immortal, they even dissected the corpse.


And they were so happy when dissecting the corpse?


Too brutal!


Too vicious!


Yellow Earth Great World was created by Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable, his ideal was to live in harmony and peace, emphasizing on unity and love. Even though Yellow Earth Great World had its own internal conflicts, the main trend had always been the same.


The action of Fang Yuan’s subordinates was completely the opposite of Yellow Earth Great World, this was a huge contrast to the expectations of these Yellow Earth Gu Immortals.


“There are some Gu Immortals left.” The rank eight Gu Immortals’ eyes flashed.


But those rank seven Gu Immortals quickly shouted: “Before coming here, we already decided that the rank sevens belong to us. You rank eights already took the bulk of the gains, shouldn’t you leave some to us?”


The rank eight Gu Immortals pouted: “Then hurry up, don’t waste time! Otherwise, we will help you out and take a portion of the contribution points…”


“Wishful thinking!” The rank seven Gu Immortals quickly exerted effort and killed all of the Savage Wilderness Great World Gu Immortals in a moment’s time.


“Hahaha, these Gu Immortals are so stupid, none of them ran away.”


“Indeed, I was afraid that we lacked a battlefield killer move and could not stop them from escaping.”


The Gu Immortals started to discuss heatedly.


The two Yellow Earth Gu Immortals looked at each other, they had peculiar expressions.


The Gu Immortals of Savage Wilderness Great World were combat maniacs, their ferocity was always the thing that made Yellow Earth Great World and Green Lotus Great World’s Gu Immortals wary. Savage Wilderness Great World’s Gu Immortals would rather fight to the death than retreat, they were courageous maniacs who did not care about their own lives when they were in combat.


But in the perspective of the sage’s subordinates, they were stupid?


“How much did you snatch?”


“I only got this much.”


“Heh, only? You earned a lot!”


“Hehe, it was all thanks to master who handed out such a lucrative mission.”


The Gu Immortals collated their gains as they tossed away the corpses in their hands.


Fang Yuan had given specific instructions, be it immortal aperture, body, or Immortal Gu, they were all to be thrown away.


These subordinates did not dare to defy him.


Seeing the scattered corpses, the two Yellow Earth Gu Immortals’ eyelids twitched.


If you were going to throw them away, why snatch them with such intensity earlier?


Was it just for fun?


What sort of monsters were these Gu Immortals!


The two Yellow Earth Gu Immortals who had just mustered up courage to express their gratitude instantly lost all motivation to do so.


They breathed in deeply and wanted to speak but suddenly, Xiao He Jian’s group’s expression changed.


“Master sent orders, we need to gather with the other group and attack Green Lotus Great World.”


“Go, let’s go! Don’t let Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch’s group gain the initiative.”


Swoosh swoosh.


The Gu Immortals left rapidly in a hurry, leaving the two Yellow Earth Gu Immortals who stayed behind with a dazed expression on their faces.


They looked at the Gu Master battlefield that was still fighting (Yellow Earth Gu Masters were already moving forward and pursuing the enemies), they felt completely lost for words.


For some reason, they started to feel pity for the Green Lotus Great World’s Gu Immortals.


Fang Yuan watched from afar, capturing the scenes of the two battlefields with his eyes.


After those Gu Immortal corpses landed on the ground, they were quickly absorbed into the world. Immortal apertures disintegrated rapidly, the Gu worms inside faced the same end, there was no winds of assimilation produced, no traces were left at all.


Fang Yuan was not feeling calm internally.


“This is the profundity of refinement path!”


“Except that Limitless Demon Venerable is not refining Immortal Gu, he is refining the entire world.”


“If I want to become venerable on the path of refinement, this is an aspect that I lack as well!”


In his later years, Limitless Demon Venerable wanted to break free from Fate and obtain the way to attain eternal life, but he could not find an answer from Heavenly Court of that time.


Thus, he created Crazed Demon Cave, he decided to use his own method and derive the method of eternal life.


After all, fate Gu was still around back then, completely intact.


The unified great world that was formed in the end might be the result of his plan, it might contain the method of eternal life. And now, the fighting and slaughter of these Gu cultivators became the fuel and sacrifice for this derivation.


After understanding this, Fang Yuan would not take the corpses of these Gu Immortals or their Immortal Gu.


This huge battle between worlds was definitely going to have countless dead Gu cultivators, be it mortal or immortal.


As for how many could survive in the end? Would there be thousands, or just one person?


Nobody knew.


But so what if that was the case?


Be it Fang Yuan, Lu Wei Yin, Heavenly Court, and Longevity Heaven, they did not care about that answer.


They had their own objectives.


The Gu Immortals born here obeyed the orders of their sages, they fought and killed, using their lives and wits to resist the others, they were necessary sacrifices that were determined from the start.


Fang Yuan casted his gaze towards Green Lotus Great World, he saw that his army had gathered and invaded Green Lotus Great World.


“If an outsider Gu Immortal died here, what would happen?” Fang Yuan had a calm gaze as he watched with anticipation.


These Gu Immortals were just his pawns after all!


When it was time to sacrifice them, Fang Yuan would not be stingy to do so.


“But I should prevent unnecessary deaths if possible.” Thinking so, Fang Yuan said to Lu Wei Yin: “Friend Lu, I would like you to go and help out my subordinates. If the situation turns dangerous, your life is the highest priority, you can ignore the rest if necessary.”


Lu Wei Yin nodded and he flew away.


Fang Yuan’s subordinates were so ferocious, Lu Wei Yin was quite pleased and surprised.


At the same time, he agreed with Fang Yuan’s plan.


They were already behind to begin with, having such a large force, they had to work hard and catch up to the rest, to make up for their difference!


Savage Wilderness Great World.


Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace.


Bing Sai Chuan looked at the information path Immortal Gu on the table with a grim expression: “To think that Fang Yuan’s force is so powerful, Hei Liu Biao and Xue Li Du are powerful rank eight experts in Savage Wilderness Great World, they actually died so easily.”


“But now, Fang Yuan’s two groups have gathered to attack Green Lotus Dao field.”


Saying so, Bing Sai Chuan let out a breath of turbid air, feeling emotions of joy and gladness.


He was glad that he did not send reinforcements, because Heavenly Court sent more troops against Fang Yuan, he sent his army to find trouble with them.




