Chapter 2164: Ant Poison Appears Again


All sorts of illusions appeared.


Soon, the Gu Masters outside of the mountain quickly fell unconscious one by one.


Next, the ones on the mountain, those Gu Immortals who had attended the previous session also fainted in succession.


During the first session, they had already reached their limits. After just three days, the growth of their foundation was very limited.


Even Heavenly Court’s members were no exception.


After them were the various mutant Gu Immortals of the small worlds. They had deep foundations and this was their first time attending the Dao lesson.


“Hmm?” Fairy Yu Xiu expressed her surprise again.


Among these mutant Gu Immortals, she found another genius this time.


It was a lump of deep green colored tornado, it persevered until the end. The aptitude and comprehension ability it displayed was equally matched with the rock monkey.


When this tornado Gu Immortal fell unconscious, Fairy Yu Xiu also stopped using her killer move.


By the time they awakened, she announced again: Three days later, the next session will be held.




For the third Dao lesson, even more Gu Immortals came.


Not only the mutants of the various small worlds, even Savage Wilderness Great World’s and Yellow Earth Great World’s Gu Immortals came.


Eventually, the one who lasted until the end was a lizard Gu Immortal.


This immortal came from Savage Wilderness Great World, its aptitude was on par with the rock monkey and tornado, they were extraordinarily talented.


Fairy Yu Xiu conducted three Dao lessons in total, the influence was not just kept in the three great worlds, it even spread to the remaining small worlds. Not only the small worlds at the boundaries of the three great worlds, but even many other small worlds that were currently being drawn to the central area.


Fairy Yu Xiu achieved her goal, the effect was evident.


Their impression on the various Gu Immortals of Green Lotus Grand World improved greatly, many Gu Immortals chose to join them.


Yu Xiu chose three leaders from among them, they were the rock monkey Bu Tian Kong, the tornado immortal Nie Kuang Feng, and finally, the lizard Gu Immortal from Savage Wilderness Great World, Duan Hu.


But a large number of Gu Immortals still chose to watch on the fence.


These Gu Immortals mostly came from small worlds, their worlds were still moving now, they had not landed near the three great worlds yet.




“Since this change occurred in the void, the unification of the worlds cannot be avoided, we need to find a good allegiance!”


“Indeed, we are all rulers of our small world, we can influence where we end up in to a certain extent.”


“Green Lotus Great World’s sage gave a Dao lesson, I wonder if the other two worlds’ sages will do the same?”


Unavoidably, these Gu Immortals started to hold expectations.


A capable person will often choose to find a capable leader.


Even though they were native Gu Immortals that were not human, they had ample intelligence and were quite astute.


From Fairy Yu Xiu’s Dao lessons, they sensed that she was trying to recruit them.


The three great worlds were in heated conflict, the amount of losses was huge and severe, it was the stage for them to shine on.


They even started to spread the word.


“If the other two great worlds do not give such a benefit, we will join Green Lotus Great World!”


“The three great worlds have existed for so long, Green Lotus Great World’s sage imparted wisdom on everyone, they are truly magnanimous and benevolent. I am sure that the other two worlds’ sages are the same.”


“We will join whichever world gives the greatest benefits.”


These Gu Immortals wanted to gain the most benefits for themselves.


As for which world they would end up joining?


Haha, they can decide that after getting the benefits!


The situation changed abruptly, Lu Wei Yin quickly went to Fang Yuan for a discussion.


Lu Wei Yin sighed: “Currently, Heavenly Court has the initiative again, after cooperating with Longevity Heaven, we managed to destabilize Heavenly Court’s advantage over us, but with Fairy Yu Xiu’s Dao lessons, all our efforts ended up in vain. But thankfully, the situation is salvageable, how should we go on to recruit those Gu Immortals who are still on the fence?”


Fang Yuan was silent.


These mutant Gu Immortals who were still roaming around were top tier cannon fodder, Heavenly Court’s recruitment of them was a great move.


Fairy Yu Xiu’s method also expanded Fang Yuan’s horizons.


“Learning Gu… endless learning…”


Other than the dream realm, this was the first time Fang Yuan saw a killer move capable of directly raising attainment levels.


In the five hundred years of his previous life, he had no recollection of such a killer move.


From what he gathered and from Lu Wei Yin’s information, there was no warning or hint that such a killer move existed.


This meant that the killer move was likely a new creation of Heavenly Court.


Heavenly Court had deep foundation and countless elites who progressed and developed with time.


Lu Wei Yin looked at Fang Yuan as he said: “This killer move is extraordinary, it can raise the power of an entire force. Attainment level is very hard to raise, even I am slightly moved by Heavenly Court’s offer. There is also something more worrying, within <<The Legends of Ren Zu>>, there are records that Ren Zu and the other two went into Primordial Domain using true meaning.”


“Heavenly Court possesses the killer move endless learning, this means that they have a method of creating true meaning that is unique in this world. This method might allow them to enter Primordial Domain earlier than others, or even like Book Mountain, they might be able to obtain Primordial Domain from the ninth layer!”


Fang Yuan nodded slightly.


Lu Wei Yin was very astute, all of his words made sense.


Primordial Domain was the key factor in the conflict of the three parties, even if a venerable revives successfully, to become a true Dao Lord again, they need to rely on Primordial Domain.


One could say that whoever obtains Primordial Domain first would gain the greatest advantage, they would become the eventual winner of this fight!


Fang Yuan pondered: “Endless learning is truly incredible and useful, but we also have a strategic level killer move ourselves. I have already used it.”


Lu Wei Yin’s expression turned to joy as he guessed: “That lingering poisonous ant plague killer move?”


Fang Yuan nodded while adding: “I used this move in Eastern Sea before, let’s see how Heavenly Court deals with it. Other than that, we need to keep an eye on Longevity Heaven, I am quite curious about their following actions.”


Lu Wei Yin thought about it and added: “Lord, since you have already used lingering poisonous ant plague, we should take the initiative to attack and exert pressure, when Heavenly Court is busy dealing with it, they will not have the time or energy to resist this move.”


Fang Yuan had already shut his eyes: “You can go handle this matter. I want to deduce the Paradise Earth true inheritance here.”


Lu Wei Yin immediately took his leave, his best idea was to communicate with Longevity Heaven and attack in unison.


After getting Lu Wei Yin’s invitation, Longevity Heaven did not hesitate, they cooperated smoothly.


The truth was, their pressure was higher.


Many Gu Immortals defected from Savage Wilderness Great World to Green Lotus Great World, even more than Yellow Earth Great World. The most famous among them was Duan Hu.


This rank eight expert was very famous in Savage Wilderness Great World, with him taking the lead to join Heavenly Court, the influence on Longevity Heaven was dire.


Days later, Longevity Heaven and Fang Yuan sent out their troops again to attack Green Lotus Great World.


In the sky, Gu Immortals fought intensely.


“Kill!” Golden Fur Immortal Monarch held two large hammers on both hands as he attacked aggressively.


He was covered in thick golden fur, he had many Immortal Gu and killer moves, allowing his defense to be tight, he had no worries about charging forward.


The formation of Heavenly Court’s mutant Gu Immortals were disrupted many times because of him.


“Don’t be too arrogant.” A child-like wood path Gu Immortal with grass growing on his head gritted his teeth as he blocked Golden Fur Immortal Monarch.


Golden Fur Immortal Monarch’s advancement was halted, he fought against this immortal.


After dozens of rounds, there was no clear victor.


“Hmph!”


“I am Grass Head Child, I was born with an Immortal Gu, I am blessed with great fortune.”


“You have Immortal Gu, but my Immortal Gu are also not fewer than yours!”


This wood path Gu Immortal shouted with a confident disposition.


Suddenly, his expression became distorted as his body started twisting around.


“So itchy!” Suddenly, Grass Head Child could not endure the intense feeling.


Wave of ants crawled out of his body, piercing his grass skin.


“What is going on? What are these things!” Grass Head Child was shocked, he quickly retreated.


“Hahaha, where are you going!” Golden Fur Immortal Monarch saw the chance and chased relentlessly.


Grass Head Child was hit by the killer move lingering poisonous ant plague, he was greatly distracted and lost his momentum, after several rounds, he was smashed into pulp by Golden Fur Immortal Monarch’s hammer, dying on the spot.


Similar scenes were occurring to the other mutant Gu Immortals.


With the activation of lingering poisonous ant plague, the situation was immediately changed.


Originally, Heavenly Court had many mutant Gu Immortals, they were able to enter a deadlock with Fang Yuan’s subordinates who were better equipped, but now that their immortal apertures were getting attacked, they lost all their morale, they had no will to fight.


“Run!”


“Why are there ants on my body as well?”


“Don’t kill me, I surrender!”


The formation collapsed entirely, Fang Yuan’s subordinates chased after them and obtained great results.


“This is the outcome for siding with Green Lotus Great World!”


“All the Gu Immortals who sided with them faced the judgment of lingering poisonous ant plague.”


“Kill all the captives, our master has given orders, we will not accept them!”


Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch and the rest cheered loudly, resounding in the entire battlefield.


They worked with another group from Longevity Heaven, making great advances and forcing Heavenly Court’s mutant Gu Immortals to run in fear, unable to retaliate.


The defeated mutant Gu Immortals found that they could not resolve lingering poisonous ant plague killer move, they had to rush to Book Mountain and kneel towards the peak, requesting for the sage’s help.


At the peak of Book Mountain.


Qin Ding Ling frowned: “Fang Yuan used that move after all! If we cannot resolve it, our great advantage is going to be lost entirely.”


Many of the mutant Gu Immortals were still watching in anticipation.


If Green Lotus Great World was too weak, even if the benefits were huge, they would not join them.


After all, great benefits were pointless unless one had sufficient lifespan to enjoy them.


At this moment, Fairy Yu Xiu defended Book Mountain while Fairy Ming Hao went to the front lines, preventing Longevity Heaven’s troops from causing any more trouble.


Fairy Yu Xiu was also quite troubled: “You have already given us the information of this lingering poisonous ant plague killer move. This is quite an impressive move, it contains poison path, enslavement path, refinement path, wood path, food path, and even heaven path profundity.”


“It contains heaven path profundity?” Qin Ding Ling was deeply shocked: “No wonder Eastern Sea’s Righteous Qi Alliance can only alleviate the effects of this move but not remove it completely!”




