Chapter 2165: Operation of Heaven and Earth


Peak of Book Mountain.


Regarding Fang Yuan’s lingering poisonous ant plague, Fairy Yu Xiu explained: “Thankfully, this move had already been used in Eastern Sea before, you also made Zui Xian Weng infiltrate Righteous Qi Alliance and obtained first-hand information about it. Thus, I am prepared against it.”


“But the current lingering poisonous ant plague has been modified by Fang Yuan. My original method isn’t going to be suitable, I need to modify it as well.”


Qin Ding Ling heard this as her expression eased up slightly: “That will be good.”


Fairy Yu Xiu smiled: “I only need three days to succeed. During this period, Heavenly Court can spread the news regarding lingering poisonous ant plague to everyone.”


Qin Ding Ling acknowledged and left.


Not long after, the mutant Gu Immortals learned of the situation, they became very angry.


“Yellow Earth Great World’s sage is truly too vicious!”


“I’ve heard that Yellow Earth Great World’s Gu Immortals are united and harmonious. To think that their sage is such a vicious person, this is really a huge disappointment to everyone.”


“In comparison, Green Lotus Great World’s sage is really magnanimous, they have the disposition of a sage. Even Savage Wilderness Great World’s sage pales in comparison.”


The observing Gu Immortals were very disappointed. They waited for so long but neither Longevity Heaven nor Fang Yuan gave the response that they wanted.




They gained nothing from waiting, Yellow Earth Great World and Savage Wilderness Great World directly sent their troops and started the war!


These mutant Gu Immortals were very disappointed, but they also started to get angrier.


“The sages of these two great worlds are acting like this, are they not afraid that we will join Green Lotus Great World?”


“Hmph, the sages of these two worlds are too high and mighty.”


“Forget it, I will join Green Lotus Great World instead!”


All of the observing mutant Gu Immortals chose to join Heavenly Court.


“Heavenly Court’s wisdom path method is quite formidable. The emotions of these mutant Gu Immortals were influenced, according to what I know, many Gu Immortals made the decision to join Heavenly Court in a spurt of anger.” Lu Wei Yin sighed as he explained to Fang Yuan.


Heavenly Court first spread information of Fang Yuan’s vicious method before helping the mutant Gu Immortals resolve their lingering poisonous ant plague without asking for compensation, finally, they even used a method to influence the emotions of these mutant Gu Immortals.


After this series of actions, not only did they alleviate lingering poisonous ant plague’s terrifying effect, they even retaliated and caused Fang Yuan and Longevity Heaven’s position to be worse than before.


“Currently, Heavenly Court has recruited many mutant Gu Immortals, their advantage in numbers is increasingly evident. Should we recall our troops at the front lines?” Lu Wei Yin asked.




Fang Yuan smiled as he waved his hand: “Heavenly Court is formidable, according to my deduction, this mysterious wisdom path killer move contains heaven path profundity too, it is similar to heaven’s will and has the ability to influence the thoughts and emotions of living beings.”


“Lingering poisonous ant plague has been troubling the Righteous Qi Alliance but Heavenly Court managed to resolve this move so easily.”


“In fact, I even modified this move once again.”


“However, Longevity Heaven is taking action now, let’s watch and see before making a decision.”


Gu Tou Luan was one of the mutant Gu Immortals who joined Heavenly Court.


After making the agreement with Heavenly Court, she traveled through the void and returned to her small world.


Using several days, she set up an immortal formation.


This immortal formation was Heavenly Court’s reinforcement, after activating it, it could influence the travel route of the small world, allowing it to land on the boundary of Green Lotus Great World.


“Green Lotus Great World’s sage is truly unfathomable. This immortal formation is amazing and has huge power but the expended immortal essence is so little.”


Gu Tou Luan praised internally as she activated the immortal formation.


The immortal formation burst out with profound light, spreading from the inside to the outside of the small world.


The small world had always been moving towards the center of the void, but under the effect of the immortal formation, it started to change its trajectory slightly.


“Hmm?!” After several breaths of time, Gu Tou Luan’s expression turned to shock.


“What is going on? I activated the immortal formation but the small world is uncontrollable, it is forcefully moving towards another direction!”


“Is the immortal formation ineffective?”


Gu Tou Luan quickly checked and was shocked to find out: It was not that the immortal formation was useless, but a profound force had been influencing her small world from long ago.


Compared to this vast force, the immortal formation had no strength to counter it.


Gu Tou Luan could only watch as her homeland flew and landed on the boundary of Savage Wilderness Great World.


This was not a unique situation, many small worlds were influenced and landed on Savage Wilderness Great World, while others were still on their way.


Gu Tou Luan and the other mutant Gu Immortals were stunned.


They joined Green Lotus Great World, but their own small worlds ended up in Savage Wilderness Great World, they would definitely be absorbed by Savage Wilderness Great World and fuse into it.


“This is the method of Savage Wilderness Great World’s sage!”


“Unbelievable, that sage already took action long ago. He is actually able to attract all the small worlds.”


“Only those small worlds at the periphery were spared.”


“What do we do?”


Many Gu Immortals were starting to feel regret. Had they known this, they would not have joined Green Lotus Great World so quickly.


Peak of Book Mountain.


“This is Giant Sun’s heaven and earth luck method.” Qin Ding Ling sighed: “Fate is fixed while luck is a variable. Longevity Heaven disregarded the cost and brought Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace here, they have already started to influence the heaven and earth luck of the eighth layer of Crazed Demon Cave. Thus, these small worlds were all drawn to them.”


“It is a venerable method after all.” Fairy Yu Xiu sighed. Even though they could understand Longevity Heaven’s method, they had no way of resolving it.


Not only because Longevity Heaven was superior to Heavenly Court in terms of luck path methods.


But because this method was used by Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace, to resolve it, they had to destroy the palace.


And Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace had been hiding deep within Savage Wilderness Great World, now that pseudo venerables could not use their full strength, who could reach it and destroy it?


Heavenly Court had no answer, they could only sit and wait.


This way, Heavenly Court gathered most of the mutant Gu Immortals, they had advantage in numbers. Longevity Heaven obtained most of the small worlds, Savage Wilderness Great World was growing and expanding rapidly.


Only Fang Yuan’s side was the weakest, during this period, not only did they not recruit many mutant Gu Immortals, they also failed to get many small worlds.


Heavenly Court started to instruct the mutant Gu Immortals to retaliate, the front lines that went deep into Green Lotus Great World started to be pushed away outwards again.


Gu Masters gathered into armies, fighting and killing all over the battlefield.


Immortals fought in the air, it was an intense battle.


Rock monkey Bu Tian Kong roamed unhindered, with a sudden roar, it vanished on the spot.


“This move again!” Bing Zhuo’s eyelids were twitching, he quickly looked around him: “Where? Where will he show up?!”


But Bu Tian Kong did not attack Bing Zhuo, it teleported behind Shi Zong instead.


“Take my fist!” Bu Tian Kong shouted.


Shi Zong quickly defended himself but his defensive killer move was quickly broken through.


Bu Tian Kong’s fist pierced Shi Zong’s chest, protruding out of his back.


Bu Tian Kong snickered, its body shook as a killer move was activated, Shi Zong exploded and shattered into pieces that flew everywhere.


Shi Zong and Bing Zhuo were rank eight Gu Immortals, while Bu Tian Kong also had rank eight cultivation level, to think that he managed to kill Shi Zong while going up against two opponents.


“No matter what formation this is, I will send it flying!” At the other end, Nie Kuang Feng, who was inside the Rotting Smell Vicious Cloud formation, shouted.


The six eggman Gu Immortals from Rotten Egg grotto-heaven formed into the ancient battle formation Rotting Smell Vicious Cloud as they trapped Nie Kuang Feng for some time, at this point, they were unable to hold on anymore as the latter broke out from within.


The six eggman Gu Immortals spat out blood in response, they were either dead or injured.


And on another battlefield.


Duan Hu fought against Lu Tong Lan.


Lu Tong Lan was the Desolate Extremity of the Eight Extremities, but she actually fell into a disadvantage.


Duan Hu’s attacks were powerful and wild, its body was tough like a mountain, when colliding, it felt like one was colliding with the world itself, Lu Tong Lan’s blue phoenix totem killer move was almost destroyed in the fight.


“These three immortals were born with immense innate luck, they are the luck children of Crazed Demon Cave’s eighth layer. Originally, Yellow Earth Great World should have produced such an expert too, it is a pity…”


Fang Yuan understood the reason behind these three immortals’ existence, he casted his gaze at Paradise Earth’s tomb.


Using luck inspection killer move, he saw that this Paradise Earth’s tomb had immense luck that resembled a yellow soil mountain, it was unmoving and incredibly dense.


These days, with their losses at the front lines, many of Fang Yuan’s subordinates also died.


But Fang Yuan remained calm as ice, these fatalities were just numbers to him.


The longer this dragged on, the more advantageous it was for him.


Fang Yuan had already comprehended a lot of the profundities regarding Paradise Earth’s tomb, in the past he did not have the ability to create his own Tomb Earth, but now, he could create a huge graveyard in the sovereign immortal aperture to act as a node of the earth vein.


Most of Fang Yuan’s time and energy were spent comprehending the refinement path profundity here.


Ordinary Gu Immortals refined Immortal Gu, while Limitless Demon Venerable refined the worlds of heaven and earth.


This gap in refinement path was now quickly filled up by Fang Yuan, he was even gaining huge results from it.


At the same time, Fang Yuan gained a deeper and clearer understanding of Limitless Demon Venerable’s arrangements.


“It is time.” Fang Yuan muttered lightly, he gazed afar with his deep abyss-like eyes.


Crack!


A shocking flash of lightning landed on the battlefield.


The immortals on the battlefield were shocked.


In an instant, lightning bolts crashed down like a forest, the immortals had to stop and retreat immediately.


Thereafter, tribulations of various intensity rained down like a torrent, occurring to all three great worlds and their boundaries.


At the peak of Book Mountain, Qin Ding Ling was shocked: “What is going on?”


After making some deductions, Fairy Yu Xiu explained confidently: “This is Limitless Demon Venerable’s method, so it turns out that when the fusion of worlds reach a certain stage, tribulations will befall.”


At the same time, Fang Yuan’s gaze focused on these tribulations that were extremely far away.


Waves of comprehension emerged in the depth of his mind.


“All tribulations are superb methods in refining heaven and earth.”


“Gu Immortals manage their immortal aperture, under normal circumstances, their main source of dao marks come from tribulations.”


“When Gu Immortals successfully pass a tribulation, they would gain a large number of dao marks. These dao marks will modify the immortal aperture and cause the environment to change, this is the refinement of heaven and earth.”


By expanding this logic, all tribulations were refinement path methods.


Fang Yuan smiled lightly.


At this point, the refinement path profundity regarding the refinement of the world and heaven and earth had already been comprehended by him to a large extent.


“Earlier, my luck gave me an indication. Now is the time to use that move.”


Fang Yuan started to activate heaven’s envy Immortal Gu!




