Chapter 2168: Unifying Human And Gu


Before Fang Yuan entered Crazed Demon Cave, the secluded domain of heaven and earth Human Sea had already been completed.


In order to construct the complete Human Sea, Fang Yuan ordered the slaughter of countless humans, he had unsurmountable sin and blood on his hands, but he also achieved his goal as he obtained the results that he expected at this moment.


Evidently, if news that dead Gu Immortals could revive through Human Sea spread among his subordinates, Fang Yuan’s force would gain a huge boost in morale!


The truth was, in the five hundred years of his previous life, Human Sea secluded domain was used by Eastern Sea’s Xia clan.


In Fang Yuan’s first life of five hundred years.


When Xia clan’s Gu Immortals died outside, they were not truly dead, they could revive from Human Sea. Although their Immortal Gu and immortal aperture’s accumulations would be lost, they would still retain their cultivation level and immortal aperture itself.


Eastern Sea’s Xia clan gained a huge reputation because of this, for the following period of time, they invaded Southern Border. Southern Border’s Gu Immortals fought against Xia clan, over time, they learned about Xia clan’s background and foundation, eventually, Chai clan mimicked Human Sea and created their own Human Mountain secluded domain.


In the five hundred years of his previous life, fate Gu was only damaged but not entirely destroyed. Now, fate Gu was completely gone.


Thus, Human Sea could revive Gu Immortals with much less difficulty.


But Fang Yuan did not let those Gu Immortals who revived become Gu Immortals again immediately.


Firstly, to revive a Gu Immortal who retained their cultivation level, it would cause a huge expenditure to Human Sea. After a few uses, he would need to slaughter a massive number of humans and variant humans to replenish it.




It was not that Fang Yuan could not bear to do that, but it was troublesome.


Also, if these Gu Immortals became mortals again and had to cultivate all over again, Fang Yuan could make use of them.


Firstly, these revived Gu Masters had the foundation of a Gu Immortal, they had rich cultivation experience, it was probable that they would succeed in immortal ascension again. During their ascension, the natural inspiration would be a good chance for Fang Yuan to get answers he wanted!


Secondly, when these Gu Immortals re-cultivate, they would need to undergo tribulations, Fang Yuan could help them with that and gain heaven path dao marks.


Finally, after these Gu Immortals cultivate from the start, they might gain inspiration and innovate new killer moves. In the process, they would also be more reliant on Fang Yuan, it would mean that he would gain greater control over them.


But at this moment, after using the killer move human revival sea, his heart shook as inspiration flashed in his mind.


At this moment, he obtained a crucial breakthrough in refinement path.


“So the human body Gu refinement method is like this.” Brilliance flashed in Fang Yuan’s mind, a light sense of joy appeared in his heart.


The so-called Human Sea revival method was in essence using a Gu cultivator method to refine the human body and soul. This was a human path method indeed, but it was also using Gu to refine a human!


Fang Yuan lacked insight on the human body Gu refinement method earlier. When he researched on Ni clan, he found that the human body Gu refinement method was related to blood path and others, this conclusion was not wrong.




“Using a human to refine Gu and using Gu to refine a human, the two are interchangeable in essence.”


These two were like the two sides of a coin, they existed with one another.


The true core was — Unifying Human and Gu!


It was like sovereign immortal fetus Gu, it was a Gu worm that could turn into a human body after activation. But it did not provide a soul, instead, the sovereign immortal body would be created with the most compatibility with the Gu cultivator’s soul.


When Fang Yuan used Human Sea to revive a Gu Immortal, he was refining a human body and also a human soul.


Looking at the legendary immemorial desolate beast Qing Chou, it was originally a killer move that was converted into a life form.


This meant that any life form could be created with a Gu cultivation method!


This was totally possible in theory.


And the truth was, this was already hinted in <<The Legends of Ren Zu>>.


In <<The Legends of Ren Zu>>, chapter three section fourteen, it was clearly stated. The myriad lifeforms in the world were originally secluded domains of heaven and earth — Gu worms within the Blue Sea of Life. These Gu worms were washed ashore by the waves of the Blue Sea, turning into all sorts of lifeforms.


All the countless methods converged into the same origin.


Using Gu to refine Human, using Human to refine Gu, Human and Gu were one to begin with!


Although Fang Yuan understood this logic, he had only fully comprehended the complete details of this logic at this moment in time.


This comprehension broke through the thin barrier that obstructed him, Fang Yuan could see a bright scene beyond it.


He only needed to make a small deduction now to design a killer move that could unravel Ni clan’s Gu Immortal method, he could extract all sorts of Immortal Gu from the Ni clan members’ bodies.


It was not easy to reach this stage.


Fang Yuan had a foundation in this aspect already, after all, he used the human isolation style Gu refinement method in the five hundred years of his previous life.


In this life, he had all sorts of encounters and accumulations in this aspect.


Even though Ni clan was not his breakthrough point, by studying and analyzing them, Fang Yuan gained a deeper foundation.


Eventually, the immense foundation led to a qualitative change, Fang Yuan unexpectedly succeeded in his breakthrough due to Human Sea.


Throughout history, refinement path had two styles.


The first was the hairy man nature Gu refinement method, it used nature and dao marks to refine Gu.


The opposite was Limitless Demon Venerable using Gu worms to refine heaven and earth.


The second was the human isolation style. Ni clan’s Gu Immortal, the refinement path quasi-supreme Ni Ren, used humans to refine Gu, implanting all sorts of Immortal Gu deep within the bloodlines of his Ni clan descendants.


The opposite was sovereign immortal fetus Gu, the Human Sea revival method, and the Blue Sea of Life which used Gu to refine human.


“The depth of refinement path supreme grandmaster should likely comprise these four aspects. Currently, I have already comprehended human and Gu refinement methods, I only lack the final ‘using Gu to refine heaven and earth’ aspect! By comprehending the arrangements of Limitless Demon Venerable, I have already broken through this hurdle, I have passed the initial stage with no obstacles remaining, as long as I continue progressing, I will eventually comprehend all the profundities.” Fang Yuan evaluated.


Treasure yellow heaven.


Bai Ning Bing’s divine sense roamed around within it.


She was selling immortal materials.


Ever since she saw Fang Huan’s revival by chance and killed him, Bai Ning Bing obtained a large number of desolate beast and ancient desolate beast corpses. She even obtained the true inheritance from searching Fang Huan’s soul.


Bai Ning Bing’s immortal materials were already about to be sold out.


Only the last portion was left.


“How are you selling these immortal materials?” At this time, a divine sense came and asked for the price.


Bai Ning Bing explained the sale price.


After Little Immortal Xing Luo heard the price, she shrank slightly and wanted to bargain: “Can it be a little cheaper?”


Immediately after, Little Immortal Xing Luo stated her quote: “If you sell at this price, I’ll buy it directly!”


Bai Ning Bing wanted to refine Gu herself, she created the killer move breath concealment ice pearl, if she could refine an ice pearl Immortal Gu, it would supplement this killer move greatly.


She had already collected most of the immortal materials now, Bai Ning Bing did not excel at trading, she wanted to nod and agree to the transaction when suddenly, another divine sense got closer.


“Oh, someone is actually selling the mala[1] duck’s neck? This food path ancient desolate beast is very rare, where did you find it from?” The divine sense asked.


Bai Ning Bing was unwilling to expose clues about herself, she asked directly: “Are you buying or not?”


“What price?”


Bai Ning Bing expressed the price while the divine sense said: “I’ll buy it, I’ll buy everything. Do you need immortal essence stones or immortal materials?”


Bai Ning Bing gave the list of ice and snow path immortal materials she needed.


The divine sense smiled: “I have them all, just wait a moment.”


In Eastern Sea, Zui Xian Weng withdrew his divine sense and contacted the Righteous Qi Alliance.


The Righteous Qi Alliance had abundant immortal materials in the inventory, Zui Xian Weng used his contribution points to exchange for some ice and snow path immortal materials.


Next, he sent these immortal materials into treasure yellow heaven, allowing Bai Ning Bing and Zui Xian Weng to complete the transaction.


After getting the immortal materials she wanted, Bai Ning Bing turned around and left treasure yellow heaven.


Central Continent’s Little Immortal Xing Luo’s divine sense was still lingering around: “It’s such a huge pity.”


She failed to obtain the immortal material she wanted.


Little Immortal Xing Luo was a lone immortal, she was a single person with only rank six cultivation level. She could not match Zui Xian Weng in wealth, not to mention the fact that he took out ice and snow path immortal materials that the seller requested.


“I’ll continue looking around.” Little Immortal Xing Luo was very disappointed but she did not want to give up, she continued to look around in treasure yellow heaven.


“What is this?” Not long after, she was shocked to find that a huge mountain appeared in treasure yellow heaven!


“Who put an entire mountain in here?” Sensing this situation, Little Immortal Xing Luo stared with wide eyes as this was the first time she had seen such a ‘gigantic’ transaction.


The appearance of the mountain caused a small commotion to occur.


Many divine senses came over and many Gu Immortal wills even gathered to observe the commotion.


“Who is so amazing to be able to sell an entire mountain?”


“It is not easy to do this, they will need deep earth path attainment.”


“This mountain is quite good, it contains abundant moon path dao marks. But this large resource point is very valuable, who would sell it? Selling it in treasure yellow heaven will also incur a huge fee of immortal essence stones.”


The discussions had just started when this mountain vanished instantly.


“Someone actually bought it!”


“It seems that the transaction was made beforehand.”


“The mountain earlier seems to be Southern Border’s Moon Bowl?”


It was indeed Southern Border’s Moon Bowl.


Fang Yuan had left a batch of Gu Immortals in Southern Border, Eastern Sea and various areas.


After negotiating with Wu clan, Moon Bowl was sold by Wu clan, sent into the sovereign immortal aperture through treasure yellow heaven.


“Moon Bowl has arrived, catch it, catch it!”


“Good, good, move to the left, move a bit to the right.”


Bam!


The earth shook slightly as Moon Bowl landed on the ground.


Immediately, a rockman Gu Immortal came forward and used a killer move, manipulating Moon Bowl’s mountain roots to stab into the ground, turning it into a node of the earth vein.


The other variant human Gu Immortals were free for the moment, they watched while conversing.


“Did you hear? Shi Zong revived!”


“Not just Shi Zong, any Gu Immortals who died in the outside world were revived through Human Sea.”


“Master has divine might, he is all-powerful! Reviving us Gu Immortals is nothing more than a piece of cake!”


“But we will lose all our cultivation level and need to start all over again.”


“Hmph, there is only hope for the future if we are alive, so what if we become mortals? We just need to re-cultivate!”


“If only I can receive the missions for combat.”


“Don’t even think about it. Those Gu Immortals who are able to take those missions have strong battle strength, even though you have rank seven cultivation level, you have just advanced, your still lack sufficient Immortal Gu.”


“That’s right, we need to take one step at a time. Let’s work hard and do these missions to elevate ourselves first.”


While a portion of Fang Yuan’s elite subordinates fought outside, the rest helped to manage the sovereign immortal aperture, they worked hard and contributed their blood and sweat.


Even though unexpected events constantly occurred in the sovereign immortal aperture, it was still orderly and well managed.


[1] Mala is the spicy and numbing flavor in Chinese cuisine, which is made from Sichuan peppercorn, chili pepper and various spices simmered with oil.




