Chapter 2172: Demonization


Crazed Demon Cave, eighth layer.


Large and small worlds were rapidly fusing together, all sorts of calamities and tribulations were rampaging in the worlds.


The fighting between Gu Immortals was also extremely heated.


Weaklings would lose their lives from the shockwaves of clashes between experts, strong individuals were also unable to defend themselves in this huge chaotic battle, they were like small boats facing a tsunami, with slight carelessness, they would be overturned and face death.


“Weak, too weak.”


“Who else can stop me?”


“Die!!!”


“Hahaha!”


Bu Tian Kong continued to provoke its enemies, it charged unhindered, nobody on the battlefield could stop it.


It was favored by the innate luck of Crazed Demon Cave to begin with, under the effect of endless learning, its attainment level rose sharply. Afterwards, it received Heavenly Court’s help and gained Immortal Gu and killer moves, its strength rose explosively.


Nie Kuang Feng and Duan Hu were also like it, at this moment, the three of them were the strongest Gu Immortals shining in this battlefield.




“Vile beast, don’t think you can act so arrogantly!” Fang Yuan’s four rank eight subordinates surrounded rock monkey Bu Tian Kong.


Bu Tian Kong instantly felt pressure as it stretched out its tongue, licking its lips with excitement and cruelty shining in its eyes: “Very good, you have nice numbers. Who are you guys?”


“Lightning Lion!” Lightning Lion Warrior said as he activated a transformation path killer move, turning into the Lightning Lion Warrior that had a lion head and human body.


“Remember me, I am Dharma!” Dharma Lion Warrior also activated his transformation method, turning into a lion head and human body warrior.


“Steel Rush.” Steel Rush Warrior turned into a rhino person.


“Frost Butterfly.” Frost Butterfly Warrior shrank in size, becoming the size of an adult’s fist, it had a human shape with butterfly wings and could let out powerful frost energy.


In Gu Immortal combat, individuals often fought alone.


But these four Gu Immortals cultivated transformation path, they did not have conflicting dao marks, furthermore, they were familiar with each other, they had all originated from Beast Calamity grotto-heaven.


They originally had rank seven cultivation level, but with Fang Yuan’s help, they all became rank eight.


Immediately, the four warriors surrounded Bu Tian Kong, they fought intensely.




Their battle went on until the sky turned dark, as if they could go on until the sun and moon lost their luster.


Bu Tian Kong was encircled and its injuries intensified, but it was getting more ferocious in combat.


Fists, legs, head, body, knees, elbows, all of these body parts were Bu Tian Kong’s weapons.


Fist shadows flashed as collisions occurred, Bu Tian Kong would send one person flying each time. But the four were transformation path experts, their bodies were tough and sturdy, even though they were sent flying, they would quickly return and maintain the encirclement, giving Bu Tian Kong huge pressure.


The battle of the five went from the sky to the ground, before going back to the sky again.


Everywhere they went, other Gu Immortals dodged with all their might.


“Awesome, awesome!”


“Again, again!”


Bu Tian Kong got more and more excited, it felt its mind becoming clearer as all sorts of inspiration of killer moves surged internally, the barriers that it felt before were starting to loosen.


It was one of the three luck children of Crazed Demon Cave’s eighth layer, its talent and aptitude were superb and unmatched.


The strong external pressure were an opportunity to squeeze out even more of its potential in this situation.


The rock monkey got fiercer and fiercer, it was originally not proficient with Heavenly Court’s killer moves, but now, it had already mastered them, it even fused the moves into its own combat style.


“This rock monkey is terrifying, even with the four of us working together, we cannot kill it.” Lightning Lion and the rest were feeling worried.


Even though they were still encircling the rock monkey, they felt that they were trying to suppress a volcano.


The volcano was storing up strength at the moment, turning external pressure into its own driving force. Once it reached its limit, the volcano would erupt, the commotion would shock the world, it would retaliate with a fatal attack.


“Quick, kill him!”


“Make use of master’s method, let the tribulations wear it down!”


The four immortals communicated in secret, their cooperation also got smoother.


All along, Fang Yuan’s heaven envies heroic geniuses killer move had been exerting its effect.


The tribulations were used by him to target Bu Tian Kong, Nie Kuang Feng, and the rest.


Of course, most of the tribulations were a form of refinement path method to refine the various small worlds, and the conflicting dao marks between the great worlds.


Especially with the eruption of tribulations within and outside small worlds.


These explosions caused small worlds to be destroyed and completely fuse with the three great worlds.


During this process, Savage Wilderness Great World had the greatest gains.


However, there was a small world that acted independently, it was ‘outstanding’ among the small worlds, no matter how the tribulations attacked it, it remained unmoved.


It was Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance space.


Ordinary small worlds were spherical bubbles, while Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance space was cubic with sharp edges.


No matter what the tribulations did, it remained in its original shape.


Within Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s gaze was already on this true inheritance space of Thieving Heaven.


“Otherworldly Demon.” He snorted, memories surfacing in his mind as his expression turned unpleasant.


Back then, Giant Sun became an Immortal Venerable, he went into Crazed Demon Cave’s eighth layer and learned of the true details regarding the four venerables repairing the world.


Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable had disregarded the entire Gu cultivation world for his selfish desire, he almost caused the world to be destroyed.


Even though he extracted his own otherworldly space path dao marks at the crucial moment to seal the gaping hole by creating a subspace, the crack was already created, it could not be mended fully.


The other three venerable wills gave it their all and paid a huge price.


Other than Limitless’ will, Genesis Lotus’ and Reckless Savage’s wills had to fall into deep slumber afterwards.


Using the opportunity, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable got rid of Reckless Savage’s will and took over the control of Savage Wilderness Great World.


“When Thieving Heaven left behind this true inheritance, other than to seal the hole he made, he had a deeper motive, that was to leave it for the crucial person three hundred thousand years later — Gu Yue Fang Yuan.”


“However, I made my move in advance to dismantle a portion of the true inheritance, I obtained the killer move perfect pair and imitation Gu.”


Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance space paid a huge price to block the hole back then, it became flawed and was not intact anymore.


Immortal Zombie Giant Sun thought about the situation.


“Since Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance has appeared, with Fang Yuan’s possession of self luck true inheritance, he can use luck inspection to find out that this is his fortuitous encounter.”


“He will definitely go there.”


“And Heavenly Court will send troops to stop him.”


“The greatest enemy is still Heavenly Court!”


Heavenly Court had the initiative, they were maintaining their advantage. Immortal Zombie Giant Sun was a luck path cultivator, he could not match true experts of wisdom path in deductions.


Immortal Zombie Giant Sun decided to watch Fang Yuan’s conflict with Heavenly Court and try to reap the gains of their fight. The main thing was to deal a heavy blow to Heavenly Court!


Peak of Book Mountain.


Fairy Yu Xiu, Qin Ding Ling, and the rest were also looking at Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance space.


“Thieving Heaven’s space has appeared. Since it could block the hole back then, it would not be destroyed by the tribulations within this void. We need to deal with it quickly, it is becoming our obstruction.” Fairy Yu Xiu said.


“Hmm?” Qin Ding Ling suddenly received important information, she quickly said: “Our informant in Yellow Earth Great World said that Fang Yuan has already gone to Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance space. But Longevity Heaven is very quiet, they are not doing anything.”


Fairy Yu Xiu was not surprised: “Of course he would go, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable left behind this true inheritance for him after all. As for Immortal Zombie Giant Sun who is in Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace, he will go there as well.”


Saying so, Fairy Yu Xiu smiled: “Qin Ding Ling.”


“Yes.” Qin Ding Ling replied solemnly.


“Let’s go. We will go find Fang Yuan and Immortal Zombie Giant Sun.” Fairy Yu Xiu stood up gradually.


Excitement flashed in Qin Ding Ling’s eyes, she said hesitantly: “Don’t we have to mind Limitless Demon Venerable’s retaliative method anymore?”


“Don’t worry, Thieving Heaven’s space is not part of Limitless Demon Venerable’s arrangements, he needs us to destroy it or have Fang Yuan inherit it so that it will disappear. This space is an obstruction to Limitless’ derivation, he will be more than happy to see us destroy it.” Fairy Yu Xiu answered.


Heavenly Court’s troops moved out!


Divine Emperor City brought Fairy Yu Xiu, Qin Ding Ling, and others along as they departed from Book Mountain.


At the same time, Demon Judgment Board moved with Fairy Ming Hao and Gu Yue Fang Zheng inside, they also left the front lines.


Even though Green Lotus Great World was facing the attack of Longevity Heaven and Fang Yuan, because of Fairy Yu Xiu’s earlier actions, Heavenly Court had many mutant Gu Immortals joining them like Bu Tian Kong, Nie Kuang Feng, and Duan Hu.


These Gu Immortals forced Yellow Earth Great World and Savage Wilderness Great World into a disadvantage.


Immortal killer move — Spiraling Green Leaf Blade!


Swoosh swoosh swoosh!


Countless flying leaves moved like blades as they spiraled towards Nie Kuang Feng from all directions.


Nie Kuang Feng laughed wildly, its body moving agilely between the flying leaves, dodging while also directly charging past the blades that it could not avoid.


It turned into a tornado at times, the wind blades around it were very sharp and thin.


Xiao He Jian gritted his teeth, he watched as Nie Kuang Feng approached rapidly, feeling intense pressure in his mind.


He had already fought Nie Kuang Feng for several minutes now.


Even though heaven envies heroic geniuses could restrain Nie Kuang Feng, it could not kill him. Nie Kuang Feng had Heavenly Court’s help and managed to recover quickly, it was now treating Xiao He Jian as its own prey.


“Die!” Nie Kuang Feng shouted.


“You fell for it!” At the crucial moment, two figures appeared beside Xiao He Jian.


One was a miniman Gu Immortal, Green Forest Great Sage, the other was Black Locust, the owner of Giant Locust grotto-heaven, who was also another wood path cultivator.


Xiao He Jian’s killer move changed at once as the three immortals cooperated, their strength grew explosively.


Flying leaf blades turned into seeds that were planted on Nie Kuang Feng’s body.


Countless vines started to grow from them, tying Nie Kuang Feng up tightly.


Nie Kuang Feng was a tornado to begin with but these vines were still capable of binding it, interrupting its immortal essence usage.


Thus, Nie Kuang Feng’s killer moves could not be sustained for long, the immortal essence flow became unsteady and the power of the moves fell to rock bottom.


More and more vines appeared, growing longer and longer, they almost covered Nie Kuang Feng completely, leaving no gaps at all.


“Don’t… force me.” Nie Kuang Feng struggled but it was getting weaker.


“We finally caught this guy!” Black Locust was overjoyed.


The three wood path Gu Immortals looked at each other, showing expressions of joy.


Xiao He Jian was very happy now, because Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch lost to Nie Kuang Feng earlier, while he defeated the latter. Comparing the two, it allowed Xiao He Jian to suppress Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch.


But at this moment, Nie Kuang Feng’s aura started to become quite peculiar and strange.


The vines had already turned into a huge ball, but Nie Kuang Feng’s voice could still be heard from within: “I am going to demonize… every time I fall into a desperate predicament, I will demonize.”


“I don’t want to undergo demonization.”


“Because once I demonize, I will lose my consciousness until I destroy and kill everyone and everything in the world that I am in!”


“But you guys forced me, you forced my hand…”


“Ahhhhhhh!”




