Chapter 2174: I Became Handsome, I Became Stronger!


“Why are the five regional walls mixed together in here?!”


“Is this an arrangement of Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance space?”


“No, this is Fang Yuan’s five restriction profound light qi, he had modified it, it is as if the five regional walls are replicated.” Fairy Yu Xiu quickly deduced.


Fang Yuan’s five restriction profound light qi and five regional limit formation were exposed during the fate war, with these clues, it was not an issue for a wisdom path great expert like Fairy Yu Xiu to deduce.


Boom!


Fang Yuan suddenly appeared, his killer move landing on Demon Judgment Board.


Demon Judgment Board was instantly swept away deep into the dense fog.


“We cannot fight here, Fang Yuan has the sovereign immortal body, he is unrestricted!” Gu Yue Fang Zheng shouted.


“Originally, the five regional walls had disappeared completely, to think that Fang Yuan would reproduce them, it seems that he has been preparing for this battle for a long time.” Fairy Ming Hao gritted her teeth before ordering: “Find the five regional limit formation and destroy it!”


Southern restriction purple-black miasma light qi, central restriction white-gold saint light qi, northern restriction jade licorice light qi, western restriction red raging flame light qi, and eastern restriction blue water light qi. They were all different now, having being elevated to a whole new level, they were already on par with the five regional walls that existed in the past.


Back then when Tao Zhu researched on the five regional walls, he created the methods of five regional limit formation and five restriction profound light qi.




Fang Yuan used the foundation of his life’s research and made a breakthrough, he reached a height that Tao Zhu had never seen in his life.


Fang Yuan had the sovereign immortal body, he was completely unaffected in the five regional walls, other Gu Immortals, however, were restricted by the regional walls, no matter what Gu worms they used, they would have to face a backlash.


With this difference, Fang Yuan’s advantage was too huge, Heavenly Court did not want to see this situation.


In the past, they would not be affected by central restriction white-gold saint light qi, but now was different, with the merging of the five regions and the rampage of qi tides, the entire world’s aura has been unified, Gu Immortals were no longer differentiated by regions.


And this new combined aura of the five regions was not any of the previous five regional qi.


Thus, no matter which region the Gu Immortal came from, they would be suppressed within this five restriction profound light qi.


Boom boom boom!


Fang Yuan dealt a heavy blow to Divine Emperor City, causing this huge city’s green surface layer of light to shake and tremble.


But Divine Emperor City was too huge, even Fang Yuan could not destroy it for now.


From Divine Emperor City, a female immortal flew out, she was a young lady with a beautiful appearance, it was Fairy Yu Xiu.




She surged with battle intent as she went to Fang Yuan: “Gu Yue Fang Yuan, do you dare to fight me?”


At this time, another Immortal Gu House arrived in Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance space.


It was Longevity Heaven’s Calamity Luck Altar.


Bing Sai Chuan’s voice resounded from within: “Fang Yuan, why don’t we join hands and dismantle this Divine Emperor City first!”


Fang Yuan smiled lightly and replied: “No, currently, Demon Judgment Board has been thrown into the five regional walls, while Divine Emperor City is too big and hard to send flying. Your side will stall Divine Emperor City while I will go and destroy Demon Judgment Board!”


“Fang Yuan…” Bing Sai Chuan wanted to urge him.


But Fang Yuan turned around and went into the five colored smoke without hesitation.


“Ignore him, our target is Divine Emperor City!” Within Calamity Luck Altar, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun sat at the main seat as he ordered.


“Yes, master!” Bing Sai Chuan immediately moved Calamity Luck Altar, which crashed towards Divine Emperor City like a comet.


Fairy Yu Xiu gritted her teeth, she had to defend it.


Lu Wei Yin also arrived at this moment.


“Lord Fang Yuan!” He only managed to see Fang Yuan’s figure disappearing into the five colored smoke.


“Sigh!” Lu Wei Yin sighed deeply, he did not dare to enter the five colored smoke deeply, he had to communicate with Bing Sai Chuan and attack Divine Emperor City instead.


The five regional limit formation continued to function as five colored smoke poured out endlessly.


Within the dense smoke, Demon Judgment Board charged everywhere, trying to find the location of the formation. Outside the dense smoke, Divine Emperor City and Calamity Luck Altar fought intensely.


“Found it!” Inside Demon Judgment Board, Fairy Ming Hao’s eyes suddenly opened.


She was a pseudo venerable level wisdom path great expert, her full strength was nothing short of extraordinary.


But this deduction also dealt heavy damage to her, after all, she was using wisdom path killer moves in the five regional walls.


“Good, if we destroy this formation, we will be ruining one of Fang Yuan’s trump cards!” Gu Yue Fang Zheng flew with great morale, charging with Demon Judgment Board.


The five colored smoke became denser as Demon Judgment Board’s luster became dimmer, Gu Yue Fang Zheng was sustaining a huge backlash, his face soon turned pale as blood oozed out of his mouth.


Boom boom boom!


Fang Yuan found them and used killer moves continuously with terrifying strength.


Demon Judgment Board was facing greater difficulty in defending itself, it moved precariously ahead.


“Ignore him, destroy the formation!” Fairy Ming Hao’s child-like appearance was filled with boldness and determination.


Demon Judgment Board paused for a moment before shooting out a blood red beam of light.


The blood red light was thick and powerful, it landed on the formation with an extremely fast speed.


The surface of the five regional limit formation radiated with five colored lights, it shook slightly but did not collapse.


“How can this be?” Within Demon Judgment Board, Fang Zheng was very shocked.


He was clear of this move’s power, even within the five regional walls, it should not be this weak.


Fairy Ming Hao understood the reason immediately, her pupils shrank slightly: “Fang Yuan invested a lot into this formation, it has at least eight rank eight Immortal Gu and the defense is high, we cannot destroy it in a short period of time!”


The five regional limit formation used Region and Limit as the cores originally, as well as a vast number of mortal Gu.


Afterwards, Fang Yuan added earth vein Immortal Gu, followed by Formation Spirit and Formation Flag.


During the fate war, these Immortal Gu were mostly rank seven.


But the current Fang Yuan was different, while recuperating, he did not just modify the five regional limit formation again by raising its defense, he even raised all of the Immortal Gu in this formation to rank eight.


His wealth was simply unimaginable!


The full powered attack of Demon Judgment Board could not even remove one layer of the five regional limit formation’s defense. In fact, because they activated a powerful killer move, the backlash was even greater.


This famous rank eight Immortal Gu House was now covered in cracks, it was near the point of breaking apart.


“What should we do now?” Fang Zheng could not help but be flustered internally.


Fang Yuan was attacking outside and giving him huge pressure. Their goal of trying to destroy the five regional limit formation was also impossible now.


“I advise that we retreat!” Fang Zheng gritted his teeth, suggesting to Fairy Ming Hao.


Fairy Ming Hao nodded: “Fighting here is too unfavorable. But it is fine, destroying this formation was only one attempt, even if we fail, there is no consequence on the eventual outcome. Let’s go!”


Fairy Ming Hao left Demon Judgment Board and opened her immortal aperture’s entrance, storing this Immortal Gu House.


Next, in front of Fang Yuan’s surprised gaze, she vanished on the spot!


Soon, Lu Wei Yin, who was fighting outside, transmitted to Fang Yuan that Fairy Ming Hao had suddenly appeared beside Fairy Yu Xiu, he also asked about the situation on Fang Yuan’s end.


“The two pseudo venerables Ming Hao and Yu Xiu are able to teleport to each other instantly?” Fang Yuan guessed.


Fairy Ming Hao did not succeed in destroying his five regional limit formation, while Fang Yuan also failed to destroy Demon Judgment Board.


In essence, this was a draw, Fang Yuan might have a slight upper hand.


But the situation was still stuck in a deadlock.


“As long as the five regional limit formation is still functioning, five colored smoke will continue to spread and fill the entire true inheritance space.”


“But this will take too long, neither Heavenly Court nor Longevity Heaven will want to stay in here until then.”


Fang Yuan pondered rapidly.


The five regional limit formation was not a battlefield killer move, it could not restrain people, they could enter and exit freely.


It would take too long for the five colored smoke to fill Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance space, during this period of time, Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance might be discovered by someone, or the space might collapse because of the intense fights.


Fang Yuan flew out rapidly, leaving the five colored smoke, he went to the battlefield of Divine Emperor City and Calamity Luck Altar.


On one hand, he was wary of Heavenly Court’s deduction ability, similar to his refinement path attainment, Heavenly Court’s wisdom path attainment was a huge advantage for them. Fang Yuan had to restrain them from having the time to deduce the true inheritance’s location.


On the other hand, Fang Yuan had to join the battle and make deductions in his mind as well.


Divine Emperor City floated in the sky while spreading green light, it was grand and imposing, remaining unmovable.


Calamity Luck Altar was like a golden comet, Bing Sai Chuan manipulated it to its limit, it flew around Divine Emperor City continuously, launching all sorts of attacks.


Between the two Immortal Gu Houses, four pseudo venerables, Fang Yuan, Lu Wei Yin, Ming Hao, and Yu Xiu were fighting.


The two sides were first evenly matched, but soon, Fang Yuan and Lu Wei Yin fell into a disadvantage.


Fairy Ming Hao and Fairy Yu Xiu were very powerful, they each had a mature combat system.


Fairy Ming Hao’s flying stars seemed like a singular move but they were all consecutive moves. By repeatedly hitting the same target, Fang Yuan would have to endure increasing damage each time.


Fairy Yu Xiu’s methods were also very profound, she used her attainment level to suppress others. It was hard for ordinary Gu Immortals to find a countermeasure.


Lu Wei Yin fell into a tough battle due to Fairy Yu Xiu’s focus on him.


While Fang Yuan also had a taste of the power of Fairy Ming Hao’s pride Gu.


Thoughts collided in Fang Yuan’s mind with great issues, many powerful and complex killer moves could not be used, the risks were too great.


And most importantly, Ming Hao and Yu Xiu had incredibly well coordinated cooperation.


Their coordination was extraordinary, Fang Yuan had never seen anything like it before.


Because of this, while Fang Yuan and Lu Wei Yin worked together, they were suppressed by the two fairies.


“The cooperation of Yu Xiu and Ming Hao has produced a qualitative change, if I fought alone, I would have lost already!” Lu Wei Yin had a solemn mood.


The opponents were working together impeccably, their cooperation was simply not humanly possible, they gave off a natural feeling, as if it was only reasonable for them to work together this perfectly.


While Ming Hao and Yu Xiu fought against Fang Yuan and Lu Wei Yin, they even had time to help Divine Emperor City resist Calamity Luck Altar.


“Fang Yuan, you want Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance?” Fairy Yu Xiu smiled: “Then you need to know that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had once been here and damaged Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance space, he took out a portion of the true inheritance by force. Thankfully, you are allies, you can ask for it.”


Fairy Yu Xiu easily tried to sow discord.


Fang Yuan snorted coldly as he said to Lu Wei Yin: “Go deal with Divine Emperor City, I will handle these two.”


“Lord Fang Yuan, without me, if you fight alone…” Lu Wei Yin was hesitant.


Fang Yuan looked at him coldly: “Leave, you are hindering me.”


Lu Wei Yin gritted his teeth as he flew away from Fang Yuan.


Seeing this change, Fairy Ming Hao and Yu Xiu saw the weakness in their enemies, they looked at each other before launching rapid attacks at Fang Yuan together.


Fang Yuan opened his immortal aperture’s entrance and let out a young Gu Immortal.


Rank eight transformation path Gu Immortal Zhan Bu Du!


Immortal killer move — Incomplete Freedom Transformation!


The young man shouted as a blood red cape appeared on his back, fluttering with the wind.


“I became handsome, I became stronger!” Zhan Bu Du clenched his fist, staring at the two female immortals with a shining gaze filled with surging fighting spirit.




