Chapter 2177: Venerable Invincibility


“Qian Kun Crystal Wall contains everything that happens in the world, all of the information comprises genuine events with no lies. Using right and wrong will not be able to differentiate them at all, because since they exist, or rather, since they existed, they are all logical information.”


Carefree Wisdom Heart was criticized, but her eyes shined with bright light: “I get it, the existence of everyone in the world, regardless of right or wrong, is logical, because this is the true meaning of their existence. This is what true meaning is!”


“Be it information or knowledge, they are a type of expression of true meaning, a form of revelation. If we can grasp true meaning, not only can we explain what is right, we can also explain what is wrong, it can explain everything!”


“Let us search for it.”


The three of them started to dig up true meaning from the vast sea of knowledge.


Great Strength True Martial was the first to get impatient, Ren Zu also lost his perseverance soon, but only Carefree Wisdom Heart remained calm and composed, her expression was serious and solemn.


After a long time, Great Strength True Martial pointed at Carefree Wisdom Heart, he gasped in shock: “Look, another Gu grew on your body!”


The newly born Gu was called serious Gu.


After Carefree Wisdom Heart obtained it, she became very happy: “With this Gu, I will be able to recognize true meaning more easily.”


After a long time, Ren Zu pointed at Carefree Wisdom Heart as well: “Look, another Gu appeared on your body.”


The second Gu was called learning Gu.




Carefree Wisdom Heart started to learn knowledge, she converted knowledge into things that she truly understood, she was no longer just storing them using memory Gu.


She started to understand more and more knowledge, soon, a third Gu appeared on her body.


The third Gu was called talent Gu.


“I found it, I found it!” One day, Carefree Wisdom Heart shouted with joy, with the help of self will Gu, learning Gu, and talent Gu, she finally found the true meaning of knowledge.


“Quickly tell us, what does true meaning look like?” Great Strength True Martial was very happy as he asked.


But Carefree Wisdom Heart shook her head: “The true meaning contained within will be lost if I try to convey it in words.”


“Then write it out using ink text.” Great Strength True Martial thought about it and suggested.


But Carefree Wisdom Heart shook her head again: “The meaning can only be understood, it cannot be passed down in text!”


Ren Zu waved his hand: “Forget it, since you possess true meaning now, let’s head out immediately.”


Carefree Wisdom Heart was filled with true meaning, they set off from Book Mountain as she scattered ink text on the ground, the path was much wider than before, it was also more sturdy.




Ren Zu and his children walked on the great path and arrived in Primordial Domain.


Within Primordial Domain, they met wisdom Gu.


Wisdom Gu was quite helpless, it had already hidden itself so deeply but Ren Zu still found it, self Gu managed to take a bite out of it in the end.


…


Crazed Demon Cave, eighth layer.


Center of Green Lotus Great World.


At the peak of Book Mountain, everyone was present.


Che Wei took the fifth seat, Qin Ding Ling took the fourth, Fairy Ming Hao took the third, Fairy Yu Xiu took the second, while Fairy Feng Ya took the main seat.


Fairy Feng Ya’s hair was tied up in a bun, she was old but not wrinkled, she retained her beauty and elegance.


Her entire body was covered in a thin layer of dazzling light, it was the sign that she possessed talent Gu.


Currently, she was taking charge of the situation, exerting power in secret to force Primordial Domain to appear at the top of Book Mountain.


After Thieving Heaven’s space was destroyed, Yu Xiu and Ming Hao brought all of their troops with them as they teleported back to Fairy Feng Ya’s side.


Fairy Ming Hao sighed: “To think that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had such deep painting path attainment, he easily managed to save Mao Li Qiu.”


Heavenly Court had indeed wanted to use Mao Li Qiu and the rest to force Giant Sun Immortal Venerable to take action.


Heavenly Court was clear of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s protective nature towards his descendants and kin.


But unexpectedly, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable managed to easily save the captives without issue.


“He is a former Immortal Venerable after all, this is nothing strange.” Qin Ding Ling said: “Furthermore, our side benefited the most from this battle.”


Fairy Yu Xiu was hesitant: “It is still unclear which side benefited the most. We expanded our advantage while Giant Sun Immortal Venerable took back Mao Li Qiu, and Fang Yuan also obtained the remainder of Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance. For some reason, I am feeling quite uneasy.”


Fairy Feng Ya looked at Primordial Domain in the sky as she said: “The situation is clear now, Giant Sun and Fang Yuan will send their troops against us. We will remain here and stay on the defense, as long as we can endure their attacks, we will grasp the key to this battle and return victorious, we will rebuild the glory of Heavenly Court! Everyone, do you have confidence in this?”


Hearing this, the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals were riled up with great morale, they answered together.


“It was all thanks to Lady Feng Ya’s planning that we have such a great advantage now!”


“We need to defend it at all cost! We cannot lose again.”


“Even if we sacrifice our lives, there is no regret.”


“In my opinion, even though there are many enemies, Giant Sun and Fang Yuan will not work together sincerely, they will be guarded against each other.”


Yellow Earth Great World.


Lu Wei Yin looked at Fang Yuan and frowned deeply: “Primordial Domain has appeared, Heavenly Court’s wisdom path attainment is truly incredible, we cannot wait any longer. The situation is really terrible.”


Primordial Domain had already been exposed, but Heavenly Court only managed to get that far, they had not truly obtained it yet.


Even so, Heavenly Court’s advantage was immense.


Because Primordial Domain was far more important and crucial than Book Mountain!


As long as a venerable entered Primordial Domain, they would regain their supreme attainment level and become a Dao Lord again. Whoever entered Primordial Domain first would turn the advantage into victory, they would be the eventual winner of this Crazed Demon Cave battle.


Not only that, after this, when the venerable who became a Dao Lord went back to the five regions, they would take control of the world’s situation. Thus, they would likely become the winner of the five regions chaotic war, ending up as the new ruler of the world.


“Lord Fang Yuan, Heavenly Court is about to obtain Primordial Domain. We need to attack with full force, if we cannot stop Heavenly Court, we will experience defeat this time.” Lu Wei Yin said with determination.


Originally, his tactic was to defend first and retaliate later, but now, they had no choice but to go on the offense.


“How do we use our full strength?” Fang Yuan asked.


Lu Wei Yin showed a conflicted expression immediately.


Heavenly Court had a clear wisdom path advantage.


Ever since the start of the Crazed Demon Cave battle, Heavenly Court had held the initiative and advantage at all times.


Heavenly Court’s three pseudo venerables cultivated wisdom path, due to their planning and foresight, their advantage was not just maintained, it was even expanded.


Right now, Heavenly Court even managed to draw out the other core of the ninth layer, Primordial Domain. And more terrifyingly, they did not cause Limitless Demon Venerable’s retaliative method to trigger.


This meant that Heavenly Court had already comprehended a lot of the ninth layer’s profundity, they were able to avoid Limitless’ method from activating.


All along, Fang Yuan did not see Limitless’ will manifesting, it was likely that it had already been destroyed.


Lu Wei Yin sighed deeply in admiration: “Back then, Limitless Demon Venerable fought his way to Heavenly Court and forced Star Constellation’s will to play a game of chess with him, they comprehended and deduced together, obtaining all sorts of heaven path research results that were secretly sent into Crazed Demon Cave for the derivation here.”


“But at the same time, Heavenly Court’s methods also infiltrated Crazed Demon Cave, when Heavenly Court managed to draw out Book Mountain from the ninth layer, I had already felt something amiss. Now that they are about to bring out Primordial Domain, I can see that their wisdom path attainment is truly unmatched.”


“Now that Heavenly Court has the initiative and territorial advantage, we are all forced to attack them while they only need to defend.”


“And the worst thing is that we cannot truly use our full strength!”


Fang Yuan nodded slightly: “That is also my worry. Heavenly Court is skilled in wisdom path, why would they not know that both of our sides are going to attack them desperately? But they still went ahead with this, it means that they are confident in stopping our attacks. And their confidence might likely stem from Crazed Demon Cave.”


Heavenly Court was able to bring out Book Mountain earlier, they also took out Primordial Domain now without activating Limitless Demon Venerable’s retaliation. One reason was their superb wisdom path method, the other was that Heavenly Court’s infiltration of Crazed Demon Cave had lasted for over a million years, they had deep foundations.


Fang Yuan could clearly not reach that level of understanding, if he used his full strength, he would likely face Limitless’ retaliative method.


This meant that Heavenly Court was making use of Limitless Demon Venerable!


“This is the problem with fighting wisdom path experts.” Lu Wei Yin continued frowning, the truth was, he still had a deep worry internally but he could not express it.


That was Gu Yue Fang Yuan’s strength.


Fang Yuan was a pseudo venerable indeed with outstanding strength, he was the strongest person in the world before the trip to Crazed Demon Cave.


But now?


He was facing Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable!


The appearance of Immortal Zombie Giant Sun was a huge blow to Lu Wei Yin. Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, who had yet to appear, also placed a huge pressure on him internally.


Could Fang Yuan fight against these two enemies?


The truth was, Lu Wei Yin had no confidence in him.


Venerables were invincible!


This was the truth of the world in the last few million years of human history.


Because Lu Wei Yin had no confidence, he made the plan earlier to defend first and retaliate later.


Fang Yuan might be able to defend against a venerable for some time, but only a venerable could defeat a venerable!


These were Lu Wei Yin’s true thoughts.


At the same time, Fang Yuan’s subordinates had the same mentality.


Even if these people idolized and admired him, they were not brazen enough to think that Fang Yuan could defeat a venerable.


Venerables were invincible!


Back then, during Primordial Origin’s era, variant humans ruled the world, did they lack pseudo venerable battle strengths?


They had them, and the numbers were not few.


But they had never held any hope of defeating a venerable.


Indeed, Fang Yuan had unfathomable strength and was able to easily defeat other pseudo venerable Gu Immortals. But this was not strange, even though pseudo venerables surpassed the peak of rank eight, among themselves, their difference in strength could still be huge.


But if Fang Yuan had to fight against a venerable, nobody would think that he could win, they would only think of how long he could last.


“As long as Fang Yuan lasts until Lord Paradise Earth revives, we will win. But now, Heavenly Court is pressuring us to take action. If we fight now, we might not make it in time for Lord Paradise Earth’s revival!” Lu Wei Yin felt like a stone was weighing down on his heart.


Fang Yuan looked at the Primordial Domain far away as he said expressionlessly: “The situation is as such, we have to attack forcefully. Let’s follow our agreement with Longevity Heaven earlier and send out our subordinates.”




