Chapter 2180: Qi Sea Versus Yu Xiu


Against Zhan Bu Du, the great legendary immemorial beast Ruan Dan was completely unable to put up a fight.


But at the next moment, a bright light flashed on Ruan Dan’s corpse again.


Immortal killer move — Life-Saving Recovery Pill!


With the effect of the killer move, Ruan Dan’s smashed skull started to heal, it was soon revived.


“Pill path…” Zhan Bu Du also showed a look of surprise.


Ruan Dan’s healing killer move was formidable, it could actually revive it from that state.


Even with Zhan Bu Du’s pseudo venerable battle strength, he could not easily get around it. After all, even the main body did not understand pill path.


“Since I cannot unravel it, so be it, I want to see how many times you can revive!” Zhan Bu Du showed a ruthless expression.


Boom boom boom.


He punched time and again, each punch landed heavily on Ruan Dan, killing it on the spot.


The poor Ruan Dan had just revived and did not react in time before its skull was smashed again.




Immortal killer move — Life-saving Recovery Pill.


A few breaths of time later, the recovery method activated again.


But this time, the killer move’s shining light became much dimmer.


“Persevere, Ruan Dan, I will save you!” Shabi Ninety-five shouted, rushing from another area to help out.


Even though it constantly argued with Ruan Dan normally, the two of them had a close friendship. Especially after major battles like the fate war, their camaraderie had already improved greatly.


Even if this was Zhan Bu Du, Shabi Ninety-five did not care about anything else, it wanted to save its friend.


“Hmph, trying to leave? Do you think I am not here?” Demon Immortal Qi Jue shouted in anger as he used a killer move that landed on Shabi Ninety-five’s back.


Shabi Ninety-five suffered a heavy blow, it growled in pain and fell from the sky.


Seeing that Ruan Dan died at Zhan Bu Du’s hands again, at the peak of Book Mountain, Fairy Ming Hao’s frown became deeper.


Zhan Bu Du was an opponent that gave the three fairies, Feng Ya, Ming Hao, and Yu Xiu a huge headache.




He had terrifying strength and overwhelming defense, together with the abilities of internal breathing green fish transformation, devouring blue leopard transformation, and thunder rush yellow bird transformation, Zhan Bu Du had no weaknesses at all, the three immortals did not know how to deal with him.


If this were a normal battle, the three immortals could rapidly move and attack him from a distance, restraining and weakening him.


But now, Heavenly Court had to defend Book Mountain.


This was a defensive battle.


And the worst nightmare for a defensive battle was someone like Zhan Bu Du. If he managed to charge unhindered and went beyond the defensive line, it would be trouble.


But the three immortals had discussed it already, they had a plan against Zhan Bu Du.


Immediately, Fairy Ming Hao willed and transmitted some words to Genesis Lotus’ will inside Divine Emperor City.


At the next moment, a jade light spiral appeared on the surface of Divine Emperor City.


From within the spiral, a giant flew out from the center.


The giant wore golden green armor, its left hand held a shield, its right hand held a spear, it was bursting with vitality and life force, its aura was immense.


The giant recited —


A hundred thousand years of unending hatred,


Killing the enemy with a shattered body.


Awakening once more in Divine Emperor City,


Qing Chou exists under the karma divine tree.


It was the legendary immemorial desolate beast — Qing Chou.


During the pursuit battle against Fang Yuan, Qing Chou killed Spectral Soul, but it was also completely blown to bits by Spectral Soul’s self-detonation, reduced to countless pieces of flesh.


Divine Emperor City retrieved these pieces of flesh and revived Qing Chou again.


The current Qing Chou was no longer in its initial form of turtle shell, tiger claws, dragon tail, snake neck, bat wings, and human head. It was now a completely armored and equipped warrior.


Qing Chou arrived before Zhan Bu Du and its towering body slammed down like a mountain, its spear pierced the air as winds blew intensely, as if a giant dragon had struck.


“Come!” Zhan Bu Du did not retreat but moved ahead, his figure flashed and appeared at Qing Chou’s forehead immediately.


Zhan Bu Du punched fiercely, hitting Qing Chou’s helmet.


With an intense sound, a huge force caused Qing Chou to move backwards, its colossal body landed on the middle section of the mountain, causing Book Mountain and its surroundings to tremor.


Zhan Bu Du flew down and rained a flurry of fists, the attacks were intense and unceasing.


If Qing Chou let the punches land without obstruction, it would end up like Ruan Dan.


At the crucial moment, a giant tree formed above Qing Chou’s head, absorbing the force of Zhan Bu Du’s punches.


Immortal killer move — Karma Divine Tree!


At the next moment, the divine tree shook as countless fists shot out from between the leaves.


It was Zhan Bu Du’s earlier wave of attacks.


This move had once caused trouble to Spectral Soul, Zhan Bu Du also felt troubled, he was forced back by the fists.


Qing Chou took the chance to stand up as Zhan Bu Du floated in the air, resisting Fairy Ming Hao’s humble reciprocation killer move while regaining his footing.


Qing Chou roared and took large strides forward, it arrived before Zhan Bu Du with two steps, waving its long spear to attack him.


Rumble!


Two figures continued to fight intensely, they exchanged blows and caused the entire place to tremor, their offenses caused a huge commotion.


“I get it now, so this was Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable’s objective. Qing Chou has been completely subdued by Divine Emperor City, it is now the general of the divine bean soldiers. This is the strongest divine bean soldier!” Zhan Bu Du had a realization.


A few rounds later, he gained the upper hand again.


Qing Chou was not an ordinary legendary immemorial beast, but Zhan Bu Du was currently using incomplete freedom transformation!


He had genuine pseudo venerable battle strength, Qing Chou could not win.


Heavenly Court also did not expect a win, they only wanted to stall for time.


It was like how Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable invited Fang Yuan in order to stall for time as well.


As long as time passed and Heavenly Court obtained Primordial Domain, their advantage would be expanded, they would be able to claim victory!


Immortal killer move — Unlimited Qi Sea.


A figure suddenly appeared, carrying with him an endless sea of qi that surged together, shrouding the rays of the sun.


It was Qi Sea Ancestor!


Seeing that Zhan Bu Du was obstructed, Qi Sea Ancestor immediately chose another direction to attack the mountain.


At the peak of the mountain, Fairy Yu Xiu sighed as she was forced to take action, she left the mountain and fought against Qi Sea Ancestor.


Qi Sea versus Yu Xiu!


One was a qi path pseudo venerable, the other was a wisdom path pseudo venerable.


The former attacked fiercely, wanting to devastate Heavenly Court, but the latter was resolved to defend this base even at the cost of her life.


Qi Sea Ancestor attacked grandly with incredible attacks, qi tides swept the area, accompanied by pillars of white qi that shot out at times.


Fairy Yu Xiu however, was graceful and elegant, she moved agilely and dodged the endless wave of attacks while activating all sorts of wisdom path killer moves.


She had an exceptional combat system which used her attainment level to suppress others, it was extraordinary and even Immortal Zombie Giant Sun would be affected by this move.


But her enemy was Qi Sea Ancestor.


Qi Sea Ancestor was the clone of Fang Yuan, he shared attainment levels with the main body!


Fairy Yu Xiu tried many times with no success, for Fang Yuan, it was not hard to resist her attacks.


Fang Yuan was a master in dream path, space path, metal path, wind path, cloud path, lightning path, information path, light path, and sound path.


He was a grandmaster in blood path, strength path, star path, dark path, formation path, soul path, sword path, human path, wood path, food path, phantom path, luck path, ice and snow path.


He was a great grandmaster in theft path, transformation path, rule path, qi path, fire path, wisdom path, water path, earth path, poison path.


He was even a quasi-supreme grandmaster in refinement path, time path, and enslavement path!


With such attainment levels, how could Fairy Yu Xiu suppress him?


Fairy Yu Xiu had no choice, she had to use other methods against Qi Sea Ancestor.


Fairy Yu Xiu was unable to display the power of her combat system, but thankfully, she was familiar with Qi Sea Ancestor’s methods.


Even though Qi Sea Ancestor had Primordial Origin’s true inheritance, he obviously could not use those killer moves against Heavenly Court. As for other killer moves like heavenly astral cloth robe, yin-yang great killer hands, unlimited qi sea, and others, they were all used many times and were known to everyone.


“Let me help you!” Lu Wei Yin flew over, assisting Qi Sea Ancestor.


Fairy Yu Xiu used her strongest killer move to suppress Lu Wei Yin through attainment levels, effectively weakening him.


But Qi Sea Ancestor gained a greater advantage with his help, managing to approach Book Mountain.


At this time, Calamity Luck Altar burst out with a golden light.


The golden light surrounded Book Mountain and spread around the battlefield like vines. Wherever the golden light went, tribulations would transform and target the peak of Book Mountain instead.


And Book Mountain was also shaking intensely from the infiltration of the golden light.


Fairy Ming Hao’s body shook unsteadily, her face turned pale as her pupils shrank: “This must be Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s doing! To think that he managed to counter humble reciprocation after it was only used for a second time!”


She gritted her teeth, even though she was unwilling, she had no choice but to withdraw humble reciprocation killer move.


If it continued, she would lose her life.


Earlier, when Fang Yuan and Lu Wei Yin first entered Yellow Earth Great World and led their army to attack Book Mountain, Fairy Ming Hao had stopped them using humble reciprocation.


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was exceptionally talented, he thought of a way to counter this move in such a short time and successfully dealt with it now.


Without the endless tribulations obstructing them, Longevity Heaven’s immortals had a clear path now, many of them cheered loudly in the Immortal Gu Houses as they attacked from all directions.


Fairy Ming Hao gritted her teeth, Fairy Feng Ya could not take action against them now, while Fairy Yu Xiu was fighting outside, in this situation, they had to rely on her.


Immortal killer move — People’s United Hearts.


Immortal killer move — Hope of the People.


Immortal killer move — Heroes Among People.


The scene during the fate war was displayed again.


Light spread out towards the Heavenly Court immortals, causing their strength to rise sharply!


But this was not enough.


Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals and Immortal Gu Houses were just too few in quantity.


“Then awaken.”


“Friends from Heavenly Court, our comrades!”


“The people of the five regions and two heavens need you, Heavenly Court needs you now!!”


Fairy Ming Hao shouted loudly.


From the northwest direction of Book Mountain, an immortal graveyard radiated with countless rays of bright light.


From the light, two figures walked out.


One was an old man with a benevolent countenance, his brows were particularly peculiar, they were like two exquisite dark brown roots that extended down from his forehead to his chest.


The other was a middle-aged man with a very robust physique, his face and muscles seemed to be made from brass as they let out cold metallic luster.


“I heard the call.” The old Gu Immortal, Duke Mei, squinted and said.


“Where are the enemies?” The middle aged Gu Immortal Duke Tong looked beyond a vast distance, locking his eyes on Calamity Luck Altar.




