Chapter 2184: Immortal Venerables Enter Primordial Domain


“Star Constellation Immortal Venerable?!”


On the peak of Book Mountain, the scene of three star avatars joining into one and turning into Star Constellation Immortal Venerable shocked the immortals, who were bathed in blood.


Although the immortals already expected the revival of venerables with fate Gu being destroyed, when a venerable really revived in front of them, they still could not help but feel intense shock.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable!


The only female among the ten venerables. She created wisdom path, inherited Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable’s will, developed Heavenly Court, assimilated with heaven’s will, and helped Heavenly Court resist three Demon Venerables.


Her name was always resplendent in the history of humanity, her glorious reputation had never dimmed.


Now, she had revived!


“Star Constellation, take this punch!” Zhan Bu Du did not have any hesitation as he stepped on the mountain peak, and with a thunderous voice, he attacked Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s revival did not surprise Fang Yuan.


In fact, he already had some speculations regarding the identities of Ming Hao, Yu Xiu, and Feng Ya.


These three had extremely high strength, they were all pseudo venerables.




Just this point alone was enough to explain the problem!


Heavenly Court was persistent in repairing Fate and had worked for it for over one million years. But in the crucial fate war, there was only one pseudo venerable battle strength – Duke Long – defending Heavenly Court.


But right now in Crazed Demon Cave, Heavenly Court had suddenly brought out three pseudo venerable battle strength experts, this proved that these three female immortals had revived only after the destruction of fate Gu.


If not for this, how could they not participate in the fate war?


Since they were revived pseudo venerables, their names should have been renowned in history, but they were shrouded in mystery.


More importantly, there was no trace of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable from the start.


With these several clues and his strong wisdom path attainment, Fang Yuan deduced that the probability of these three immortals being Star Constellation was increasingly obvious.


It was like how Fang Yuan could create clones like Qi Sea Ancestor, Zhan Bu Du, and Wu Shuai, why could Star Constellation Immortal Venerable not do the same?


It was just that Star Constellation’s three avatars were more profound and mysterious than Fang Yuan’s clones —


The three fairies could become Star Constellation by fusing together!




Zhan Bu Du showed no fear against the revived Star Constellation. Before his punch even landed on Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, the intense wind from his punch blew Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s long hair into the air.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, however, was smiling.


At the next moment, Zhan Bu Du struck Star Constellation, but he passed right through her.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s figure vanished like an illusory bubble.


This was fake, it was merely an illusion.


Zhan Bu Du realized this and quickly activated an investigative method, but could not detect Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s main body.


“Star Constellation, please hold on.” Suddenly, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s voice came from Calamity Luck Altar.


Golden light drifted in the air, revealing Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s figure.


But Star Constellation Immortal Venerable used a killer move.


Inside her immortal aperture, Fairy Feng Ya’s talent Gu, and Fairy Yu Xiu’s serious Gu and learning Gu, which were temporarily taken out from Divine Emperor City, activated one after the other.


Immortal essence was consumed intensely, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s figure turned illusory again.


Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s golden light could not obstruct her any longer.


Under everyone’s gaze, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable flew to the sky grandly and entered Primordial Domain!


“Damn it!” Zhan Bu Du gritted his teeth as he gave chase.


However, although he caught up to Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, she was like a silhouette that could not be disturbed by Zhan Bu Du. She quickly entered the depths of Primordial Domain.


But Zhan Bu Du passed through Primordial Domain.


“Without special methods, there is no way to enter Primordial Domain!” Zhan Bu Du’s eyes burned with anger.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was revived.


But she did not fight Zhan Bu Du, instead choosing to directly head to Primordial Domain.


She was a venerable, she could not make a move casually; otherwise, she would be suppressed by Limitless Demon Venerable’s methods just like Qi Sea Ancestor.


She directly left without caring for Heavenly Court’s immortals, Book Mountain, and the whole battlefield, but this became a fatal move!


Lu Wei Yin’s expression was ashen and extremely unsightly.


Primordial Domain was the crucial factor of the battle in Crazed Demon Cave.


The reason they attacked Book Mountain furiously was to obstruct Heavenly Court from obtaining Primordial Domain. They never expected that even though Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was unable to get Primordial Domain, she could directly fly into it.


Zhan Bu Du lacked suitable methods and could not block her.


In fact, even Immortal Zombie Giant Sun made a move but was unable to obstruct Star Constellation Immortal Venerable!


“What do we do?” Lu Wei Yin was at a loss.


Once Star Constellation Immortal Venerable entered Primordial Domain to replenish her lost attainment level, she would quickly become a wisdom path supreme grandmaster and regain her status of the wisdom path Dao Lord.


“Is Heavenly Court going to continue controlling the future of this world?” Bing Sai Chuan sighed dejectedly.


“Not necessarily.” Immortal Zombie Giant Sun sneered, “Let’s go!”


At the next moment, Calamity Luck Altar shone with dazzling golden light.


The golden light shot everywhere before joining together and making a path that stretched forward.


It was Calamity Luck Altar’s killer move — Luck Changing Golden Light Path!


At the same time, Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace that was stationed in Savage Wilderness Great World also let out a majestic light.


Ever since Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace was brought into Crazed Demon Cave, it had actively participated and cooperated with Limitless Demon Venerable’s deductions regarding the development of the worlds, it had gotten deeply involved.


Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace’s light shone on Calamity Luck Altar, creating mysterious changes in the luck changing golden light path.


Immortal Zombie Giant Sun flew out of Calamity Luck Altar and followed the golden light path into Primordial Domain.


Immortal Zombie Giant Sun was unable to stop Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, but he possessed the number one luck path attainment in the world. He made use of Calamity Luck Altar and Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace to enter Primordial Domain.


Longevity Heaven’s immortals cheered as they saw this.


But Fang Yuan’s subordinates were pale.


“Damn it, damn it!” Lu Wei Yin’s expression was extremely unsightly.


Although Longevity Heaven cooperated with Fang Yuan, their main goal was to make use of him. Right now, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun directly abandoned Fang Yuan and entered Primordial Domain himself.


It was obvious that he was seeking to replenish his luck path attainment level in Primordial Domain and become a luck path Dao Lord once again!


Both Heavenly Court and Longevity Heaven threw Fang Yuan aside.


“Is this a venerable’s foundation?” Xiao He Jian heaved a sigh.


“Should we retreat?” Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch’s will started to waver.


Fang Yuan was the source of these variant human Gu Immortals’ confidence, but currently, it was obvious Fang Yuan could not compare to the two venerables. This made the variant human Gu Immortals’ morale fall sharply.


“No need to worry.” At this time, Fang Yuan’s main body came over from Yellow Earth Great World.


His expression was still calm.


Lu Wei Yin’s eyes shone with hope: “Lord Fang Yuan, you have a way?”


Fang Yuan nodded, looking towards Rising Cloud City: “Qi Jue, let’s cooperate once again.”


Demon Immortal Qi Jue flew over from Rising Cloud City: “Heh, I knew you had ulterior motives when you gave me the rank eight Immortal Gu House. But your killer move has no issue, come, let’s work together!”


Fang Yuan stretched out his hand, taking out Hu Land from the Qi Sea clone’s immortal aperture.


At the same time, Xi Land appeared above Demon Immortal Qi Jue.


Hu Land and Xi Land came together and shone on each other.


Lu Wei Yin was exulted when he saw this: “I get it, <<The Legends of Ren Zu>> has records of this!”


<<The Legends of Ren Zu>>, chapter five, section thirty-seven.


Wisdom Gu was bitten by self Gu, it felt very angry and decided to take revenge.


Wisdom Gu found lie Gu: “No matter what I say, my words are filled with wisdom, they will advise and help others. This won’t do, so I came to you for help.”


Lie Gu asked: “How do you want me to help you?”


Wisdom Gu said: “This is easy and simple. Ren Zu and his children are in Primordial Domain now. In front of Primordial Domain is Xi Land, while behind it is Hu Land. Go to Primordial Domain and deceive Ren Zu, tell him Hu Land is in front while Xi Land is behind.”


Lie Gu was puzzled: “That can help you take revenge?”


Wisdom Gu laughed loudly: “Humans need to breathe in first before they can breathe out. Meanwhile, Xi Land and Hu Land are the breathing of heaven and earth. Just follow my instructions.”


Lie Gu followed wisdom Gu’s arrangements and went to Primordial Domain. It told Ren Zu: “Human, you need to be careful. You are in a mystical place, you will reach Hu Land if you go forward and Xi Land if you move back.”


Ren Zu had been thinking of leaving Primordial Domain, he thought: “The beastmen once advised me to not go to Hu Land. In that case, I shall head towards the back and go to Xi Land.”


Ren Zu moved towards the back of Primordial Domain with his children Great Strength True Martial and Carefree Wisdom Heart.


Thus, they arrived at Hu Land.


“This is not Xi Land!” Carefree Wisdom Heart knew they had been deceived.


Ren Zu patted his chest: “Fortunately, I died once and betrayal Gu has already left me. Otherwise if I care[1], betrayal Gu will harm me.”


But Great Strength True Martial suddenly realized something and shouted: “This is bad!”


“What’s wrong?” Ren Zu was just about to ask when self Gu flew out of his body.


Self Gu left Ren Zu, leaving behind a sentence: “Oh human, after you put attitude Gu on me, you deceived even yourself, so don’t blame me for leaving you.”


Back then, Ren Zu protected weak Gu. Weak Gu urged Ren Zu to put attitude Gu on self Gu to deceive himself; creating the perfect deception that managed to even deceive the Predicament.


If humans deceived themselves, their sense of self would leave and the person would lose themselves.


Ren Zu was angry and anxious: “What to do, self Gu left me. How can I obtain freedom without it? How can I break free of the restraints of fate?”


“Self Gu once took a bite of betrayal Gu, so it gained the inclination to betray. I was already dissatisfied with it.” Great Strength True Martial’s ability Gu shouted.


The skilled were naturally dissatisfied with themselves.


“Self Gu will be out of our sight soon, we need to give chase!” Carefree Wisdom Heart reminded.


The three immediately chase after self Gu.


Self Gu left very fast and dove into a river.


The river’s surface was calm with ice of all sizes floating on it.


“This is the River of Time, the ice floating on the river is called truthful floating ice.” Ren Zu’s group recognized it immediately, they had gained this knowledge in the Qian Kun Crystal Wall.


Ren Zu looked afar and said: “I think self Gu is hiding in the center of the floating ice, let’s quickly go and catch it!”


[1] ‘Care’ is read as ‘At Hu’ here, its a word pun.




