Chapter 2185: Fang Yuan Enters Primordial Domain


Ren Zu’s group sized up the situation by the riverside.


Every piece of floating ice in the River of Time was a piece of truth.


Ren Zu observed for a long while before pointing towards a floating ice: “This floating ice is neither big nor small and has a smooth surface, let’s step on this.”


But Great Strength True Martial said: “This floating ice is clearly too small, it is not enough for us three.”


Carefree Wisdom Heart shook her head: “This floating ice is quite big but there are many spikes on it, they will pierce our feet.”


Even when looking at the same truth, from the perspectives of different people, they could be big or small, minor or severe, difficult or easy. Some could accept it, but some could not.


Ren Zu’s group discussed for a long while before they chose a floating ice and stepped on it.


When Ren Zu stepped on this ice, he immediately cried and sniveled; Great Strength True Martial shouted in anger, while Carefree Wisdom Heart laughed happily.


When looking at the same truth, different people would have different feelings and emotions regarding it.


Ren Zu and his children could only endure this.


“Every piece of floating ice in the River of Time is a cold and silent truth. But we humans have hearts, we feel emotions when we come across truths, and when truths and emotions mix, they create different situations[1] for everyone.” Carefree Wisdom Heart recalled the knowledge in her mind.




The floating ice carried the group and drifted for a while before it started shrinking and submerging.


“Let’s jump to that floating ice.” Ren Zu pointed towards the left, at his front.


Before the floating ice under them submerged, the three jumped to the second floating ice.


This piece of truth created different emotions in Ren Zu’s group.


The longer they stood on the floating ice, the more these emotions accumulated.


As the floating ice continued to sink, the emotions they felt also changed. Some went from angry to happy, while others went from happy to depressed.


“I can’t endure this anymore, I feel horrible.” After persisting for a while, Ren Zu said while grasping his heart, “Let’s jump to that floating ice.”


The three jumped over, but shortly afterwards, Carefree Wisdom Heart said: “I cannot stand this situation, I am also feeling extremely down. I even want to die.”


Ren Zu’s group of three quickly changed to another floating ice.


No matter what truth they came upon, in reality, they could be endured by gritting one’s teeth. The most dreadful thing was the suffering of the heart.




If the heart could not endure it, the person would be unable to continue moving forward.


After changing several pieces of floating ice, Great Strength True Martial felt the least amount of discomfort: “I am still fine.”


Strong Gu shouted proudly in his heart: “There are too many situations in the world, but it has always been the weak who suffer more than the strong.”


Fortitude Gu called out: “The credit here goes to me because I have been helping you since the start.”


Fortitude Gu could suppress emotions.


Suddenly, two Gu worms grew on Carefree Wisdom Heart’s palms.


The Gu on the left palm was called Good. The Gu on the right palm was called Bad.


“Humans, we can help you distinguish which situation is good and which is bad.” Good Gu and bad Gu said together in a soft voice.


Thus, with the help of good Gu and bad Gu, Ren Zu’s group was able to choose a piece of floating ice that had a good situation.


All three of them felt happy when standing on this floating ice.


When the floating ice started to submerge and good situations turned bad, the three jumped away.


Like this, the three gradually turned happy, then ecstatic, before finally becoming euphoric. They could not move forward anymore as they drowned in emotions of endless joy.


The three forgot about their situation, the truthful floating ice they were standing on submerged completely, they fell into the river one after the other.


…


Crazed Demon Cave, eighth layer.


Xi Land!


Hu Land!


The two secluded domains of heaven and earth let out misty white light that mixed into one and formed a horizontal pillar of light.


“The final step.” Fang Yuan let out a breath of relief as he activated a killer move.


Qi aura flew into the light pillar, forming a vortex in the middle.


The vortex shot to the sky, and when the white light vortex touched the surface of Primordial Domain, it expanded and shrouded the whole Primordial Domain like a fog.


Fang Yuan followed the white vortex of light and went into Primordial Domain!


“Amazing, amazing! Primordial Domain is in between Xi Land and Hu Land, using these two secluded domains of heaven and earth, he managed to locate Primordial Domain.” Lu Wei Yin praised loudly as he followed after Fang Yuan.


Behind him were pseudo venerable battle strength experts like Zhan Bu Du, Demon Immortal Qi Jue, and Qi Sea Ancestor.


After these immortals entered Primordial Domain, the white vortex dissipated rapidly, disappointing those Gu Immortals who had been thinking of making a move.


Fang Yuan was floating in Primordial Domain, frowning deeply.


The moment he stepped in, countless inspirations appeared in his mind.


But this was not a natural process, it was like a forced instillation, Fang Yuan experienced an indescribable pain.


This pain did not come from his body or soul, it came from his mind.


His mental state had been like a lake with no waves, being tranquil like a giant mirror. But now, there were fierce waves moving roughly.


This was like a process where an infant who only knew how to eat, drink, sleep, and excrete got forced to learn the joy of a child jumping and playing. If infants jumped and played, they would injure themselves.


It was also like a child who thought toys were the most precious thing, but was forcefully instilled the perspective of an adult — that money was the most important thing.


A Gu cultivator’s attainment level was very hard to raise. By entering Primordial Domain, Fang Yuan was increasing his attainment level unnaturally and forcefully, it went against the law of nature.


Fang Yuan clenched his teeth and endured it.


There was no trace of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Immortal Zombie Giant Sun, who had entered earlier. Fang Yuan also did not concentrate on them, he quickly inspected his body and came to a realization.


“Many paths’ attainment levels are increasing rapidly! Refinement path is also among them, but rule path’s progress is the fastest.”


Fang Yuan thought about it and started to move in Primordial Domain.


He used a method which allowed him to fly in Primordial Domain like a free bird.


Primordial Domain crumbled apart wherever he went.


Fang Yuan’s heart sank.


Although Primordial Domain was a secluded domain of heaven and earth, it was extremely fragile!


Fang Yuan did not even attack, it was just that he had too many dao marks, even Primordial Domain could not endure it.


Fortunately, before those areas of Primordial Domain collapsed, the attainment levels they contained were transferred into Fang Yuan.


Fang Yuan felt a sense of urgency.


“I must find the correct direction quickly.”


“If those areas in the Primordial Domain that contain refinement path are destroyed, it will be terrible!”


Fang Yuan was unfamiliar with Primordial Domain, but all kinds of thoughts clashed in his mind and his profound wisdom path attainment allowed him to quickly understand his situation.


Primordial Domain contained the profundities of all paths, any Gu cultivator could benefit from it.


Fang Yuan acutely adjusted his direction and moved in Primordial Domain, gaining a lot of progress in his refinement path attainment level.


His direction was correct, and soon, his rate of progress in refinement path became the highest, among several other paths that were growing too.


Fang Yuan’s feeling at this moment could not be expressed in words.


Even though he was feeling incomparable pain and his mental state was unstable, he also felt full and satisfied, at the same time, there was also an increasing ‘thirst’!


This ‘thirst’ was towards knowledge, towards attainment levels.


“It is no wonder that in <<The Legends of Ren Zu>>, after Ren Zu obtained knowledge, he was not satisfied, he kept taking in more knowledge until his brain reached its limit and exploded.”


Fang Yuan felt a sense of resonance with Ren Zu.


“Almost, almost there!” Fang Yuan endured the pain as joy appeared on his face.


His intuition was telling him strongly that he was only a short distance from refinement path supreme grandmaster.


Rumble!


Right at this time, Primordial Domain shook and large areas started collapsing and breaking apart.


Fang Yuan’s refinement path attainment level that had been rising stopped abruptly.


“Giant Sun, Star Constellation!!!” Fang Yuan’s gaze turned cold and sharp.


He looked far away, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable were fighting.


They selected the location of their fight really well, it was in the main area of refinement path.


Once this portion of Primordial Domain was destroyed, Fang Yuan’s refinement path attainment level could not increase anymore.


In previous fights, Fang Yuan had probed many weaknesses of Longevity Heaven and Heavenly Court; similarly, details about him were also taken notice of by Immortal Zombie Giant Sun and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


They were aware that Fang Yuan wanted to break through in refinement path.


Since they came to Primordial Domain a step earlier, how could these two venerables watch without doing anything?


Thus, as they fought, they destroyed the future prospects of Fang Yuan!


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable must have taken the initiative to attack, and although Immortal Zombie Giant Sun was in an alliance with Fang Yuan, he was definitely happy to take advantage of the situation.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable saw Fang Yuan’s main body, immediately pointing at him.


Swoosh swoosh swoosh!


Hundreds of deep blue stars shot towards Fang Yuan.


Fang Yuan gave a shout, his whole body emitting seven-colored radiance.


Immortal killer move — Seven Kills Rainbow!


Metal path’s yellow light, wood path’s jade-green light, water path’s light blue hue, fire path’s red light, earth path’s brown light, wind path’s green radiance, and lightning path’s deep blue light; seven lights from these seven paths mixed together and shot forward in a drill shape.


Bam!


The seven kills rainbow destroyed most of the stars and continued towards Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


Starlight flashed around Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, blocking this killer move. But she still staggered, and her face revealed surprise.


“What killer move is this?”


It was naturally a compound killer move.


This seven kills rainbow was modified from the five technique rainbow. The latter was once used by Fang Yuan in Eastern Sea when the Righteous Qi Alliance attacked Xia clan headquarters to retrieve Xia clan’s lost territory.


Five technique rainbow used metal, wood, water, fire, and earth, for a total of five paths. But seven kills rainbow went a step further, containing the swift wind and violent lightning.


It was hard for Star Constellation Immortal Venerable to defend against such a killer move.


Because to block this move, she had to simultaneously consider metal, wood, water, fire, earth, wind, and lightning, these amounted to seven paths!


There were many killer moves that seemingly involved many paths, but they were without any substance in essence.


For instance, when Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable fought with Limitless’ will in Crazed Demon Cave, he had used a killer move that imitated other paths’ strength.


The essence of the killer move was still one path, it was just that it imitated other paths.


In fact, to deal with his killer move, only theft path needed to be targeted.


But seven kills rainbow genuinely contained the strength of seven paths.


With just one exchange with Fang Yuan, even the grand Star Constellation Immortal Venerable felt troubled!


One aspect was the difficulty of defending against compound killer moves, the other aspect was Fang Yuan’s vast dao mark accumulation.


He had too many dao marks, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable might have been able to match it before, but the current her had just revived.


The three avatars merged into one, their dao marks were also added together, which became the current Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s foundation.


But clearly, the number of dao marks that Star Constellation had was lower than Fang Yuan.


[1] The Chinese character for situation/thing is made up of truth and emotion.




