Chapter 2186: : Snatching Primordial Domain


Crazed Demon Cave.


Primordial Domain.


Fang Yuan’s main body finally fought against a venerable!


Immortal killer move — Sword Tongue Dragon Soul.


Fang Yuan roared again, his body shook and over a hundred evil dragons rapidly condensed around him.


The evil dragons roared and charged towards Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


“Another compound killer move?” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s pupils shrank slightly, she immediately noted that the evil dragons in front of her contained profundities of at least transformation path and enslavement path.


Fang Yuan’s dao mark quantity was horrifying, although Star Constellation Immortal Venerable could fight him head on, that was not her style.


She was a wisdom path supreme grandmaster!


This was true in her previous life, it was also true now.


Her body immediately flickered as the surrounding starlight split into a thousand specks, each of time transformed into one Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.




“Hmm?” Immortal Zombie Giant Sun quickly activated his investigative method to distinguish the real body.


Fang Yuan’s pupils shrank, but he still ordered the dragons to charge forward.


The dragons fought with Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s illusions, instantly, the whole battlefield was turned into a chaotic scene.


The evil dragons bit, swung their tails, stabbed with their horns, or used their claws, some even shot out sharp sword qi with their tongues…


At the start of the fight, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s illusions were caught off-guard and suffered heavy losses.


But not long later, they realized the patterns of these evil dragons, Star Constellation Immortal Venerables stabilized the situation and began to counterattack.


The methods of these Star Constellation illusions were ordinary, each illusion only had one killer move and there were only six kinds of killer moves altogether.


But these Star Constellation illusions had extremely high cooperation, not much inferior to the three avatars.


The Star Constellation illusions used their numerical advantage, about ten illusions would attack one evil dragon and kill it after sacrificing several illusions.


Fang Yuan’s evil dragons began to decrease rapidly in number.




“Fang Yuan’s sword tongue dragon soul has enslavement path profundity, so they can be controlled. But he is far from being Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s match in terms of wisdom path.” Immortal Zombie Giant Sun evaluated inwardly.


“But Fang Yuan knows his strengths and weaknesses as well as the enemy’s, it would not be worth the effort if he put his attention on carefully controlling the dragon souls. So he is just activating this move repeatedly.”


Immortal Zombie Giant Sun did not interfere for the moment, he just observed from the side.


While observing the battle, he continued to activate his methods. Crimson light flew and wrapped the surrounding areas of Primordial Domain, pulling them into his immortal aperture.


Information was extremely important to Gu cultivators.


Especially when facing an enemy like Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, killer moves were most effective during the first time they were used.


Fang Yuan did not use other methods, he was still activating sword tongue dragon soul without stopping.


Groups of evil dragons that numbered over a hundred each continued to rush to the battlefield.


They were killed by the Star Constellation illusions, but they soon gained the upper hand in terms of overall strength.


Immortal Zombie Giant Sun was inwardly surprised: “So this move contains soul path as well?”


He saw these evil dragons being annihilated, but gradually, the souls of the evil dragons appeared. At first, these dragon souls were extremely weak, their battle strength was only ten percent of the evil dragons.


But as evil dragons continued to die, the scattered soul path dao marks in the battlefield surged continuously; the dragon soul beasts born from the deaths of these evil dragons also grew increasingly strong.


Twenty percent, forty percent, sixty percent…


The evil dragon souls’ battle strength continued to increase, finally defeating the Star Constellation illusions and tilting the battle situation in Fang Yuan’s favor.


And when there were only dozens of illusions remaining, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s main body could not remain hidden.


She smiled at Fang Yuan and actually retreated from the battlefield, taking her leave.


Fang Yuan snorted coldly.


From this fight, he gained a deeper understanding of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s nature.


Even though Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had revived and clearly had the battle strength to fight Fang Yuan head on, she did not battle frontally, she was very rational and flexible in thoughts.


It was like how she retreated this time and made Fang Yuan’s efforts go to waste.


These soul path dao marks on the battlefield were advantageous to Fang Yuan, but with Star Constellation’s casual retreat, Fang Yuan had to give chase, giving up this favorable battlefield.


It was not pleasant at all to fight with such an opponent.


“Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, hold up.” Immortal Zombie Giant Sun smiled, magnificent lights appeared and blocked Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


“Good!” Fang Yuan praised, taking the chance to catch up.


It seemed like the alliance agreement between Longevity Heaven and Fang Yuan was still effective.


Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s choice could be explained easily.


Immortal Zombie Giant Sun saw Fang Yuan’s battle strength, and adding on the fact that he was still in his immortal zombie body, he regarded Heavenly Court as the main enemy.


Were Fang Yuan to be weaker, he might have been jointly attacked by Immortal Zombie Giant Sun and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, to get rid of this easiest target and prevent him from obtaining benefits while the two venerables fought.


Fang Yuan fought Star Constellation Immortal Venerable once again, while Immortal Zombie Giant Sun barely made any moves.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable lightly waved her jade-like hands, sending out a flurry of stars.


The stars were extremely fast, whistling through the air as they shot at Fang Yuan’s body.


Fang Yuan had tried to dodge them before, but these stars had homing ability, they reached him no matter how he dodged.


Fang Yuan would need a long time to deduce and plan before he could decipher this killer move.


Crack crack.


Soft sounds echoed as the light barrier around Fang Yuan started to break.


This light barrier was a compound killer move as well, it had outstanding defense, but under the continuous attack of the stars, it had already broken several times.


The power of each flying star never changed, but they were tightly connected as a consecutive move.


This was very terrifying.


Suppose that a flying star’s power was one, the first star would have the battle strength of one, second would have at least three, third would have six…


Their strength increased progressively, reaching a terrifying level at the later stages.


This was Fairy Ming Hao’s combat system.


The barrier of light collapsed, Fang Yuan immediately used a new defensive method, a halo shone above his head.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable smiled. Just like what Heavenly Court’s intel described, Fang Yuan was very cautious. After using the defensive killer move a few times, he would change to a new one, afraid that his defensive killer move would be deciphered, which could cause heavy injuries or even death if he was caught off-guard.


In fact, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s plan was exactly this.


However, every time she got some results in her deductions, Fang Yuan would readjust his methods, making her deductions pointless.


“Fang Yuan, you are really well-prepared for this battle, you have been changing your killer moves so frequently, I am really curious how long can you continue this for?”


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable spoke while using a killer move.


This wisdom path killer move was formless and invisible. It created a whirlwind out of thin air, but it did not target Fang Yuan, instead targeting the surrounding Primordial Domain.


In an instant, all the areas of Primordial Domain within thousands of steps were emptied by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable!


On the other side, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun sent out golden light similarly, absorbing a small area of the Primordial Domain into his aperture.


Fang Yuan’s eyes shone with dark light.


These two venerables had extraordinary methods, they had been absorbing Primordial Domain even during the battle.


Fang Yuan’s accumulation was much inferior when compared to them.


He had also tried, but did not find an effective method to collect the Primordial Domain, he could only watch as these two made gains.


“Since it is so…”


Fang Yuan resolutely activated a killer move.


Flames flew and lightning shot out.


Immortal Zombie Giant Sun had been collecting Primordial Domain when the lightning-fire wave formed by Fang Yuan’s killer move swept over and emptied out the areas of Primordial Domain around him.


Immortal Zombie Giant Sun failed to gain anything, but he remained silent.


Fang Yuan activated another move.


Strong winds blew, an ice storm filled the area.


Immortal Zombie Giant Sun was implicated once again, the areas of Primordial Domain he was about to absorb into his immortal aperture were destroyed once again.


Immortal Zombie Giant Sun clenched his teeth while taking a look at Fang Yuan.


Fang Yuan activated another move.


Eerie souls moved and golden light shone, destroying all the surrounding areas of Primordial Domain.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Immortal Zombie Giant Sun could not help but glance at each other; the former was no longer smiling, while the latter’s eyes were twitching.


“If I can’t have it, you can also stop dreaming about it!”


With this thought, Fang Yuan attacked without any restraint.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Immortal Zombie Giant Sun needed some time to collect the Primordial Domain, flaws appeared during this process.


Fang Yuan was directly destroying Primordial Domain, which was much faster and more convenient.


Immortal Zombie Giant Sun was interrupted again and again, but Fang Yuan used the excuse of attacking Star Constellation Immortal Venerable. He did not suffer restrictions from the alliance agreement, and there was no obvious point to criticize.


He was really feeling impatient, as he transmitted his voice to Fang Yuan: “Fang Yuan, let’s negotiate. If you block Star Constellation Immortal Venerable while I collect the Primordial Domain, we can split the gains with a seven-three ratio!”


“No, I want half!” Fang Yuan immediately answered, as if he had been waiting for this.


Immortal Zombie Giant Sun was naturally unwilling: “Without my method, you won’t be able to collect even a portion of the Primordial Domain. If you dare to comprehend the Primordial Domain now, you will be met with Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s attacks, the risk is too high.”


Immortal Zombie Giant Sun was not wrong.


It was not difficult to interrupt the instillation of Primordial Domain.


But even Star Constellation Immortal Venerable did not dare to comprehend Primordial Domain while fighting, and was only trying her best to collect it.


Immortal Zombie Giant Sun put forward a fair argument, but Fang Yuan paid him no attention.


Boom…


Lightning exploded and qi waves rose as the surrounding Primordial Domain was once again destroyed by Fang Yuan’s killer move.


Primordial Domain might have been a secluded domain of heaven and earth, but it was different from Book Mountain and Dang Hun Mountain, it was fragile.


Immortal Zombie Giant Sun gritted his teeth.


Fang Yuan used actions to tell him: It had to be fifty-fifty! If you don’t agree, then even you, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, won’t get any Primordial Domain.


Immortal Zombie Giant Sun could only relent: “Alright, we will split it fifty-fifty!”


Fang Yuan continued: “Giant Sun, can I trouble you to put half of the Primordial Domain in treasure yellow heaven at your own convenience?”


Immortal Zombie Giant Sun could not help but open his eyes wide.


Fang Yuan urged: “Don’t worry, with me disturbing her with all my strength, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable will not be able to collect much of Primordial Domain.”


These words were a reminder to him: Look, Heavenly Court is still our biggest enemy. Also, weakening Heavenly Court was also Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s intention all along.


“Alright.” Immortal Zombie Giant Sun sent half of his Primordial Domain into treasure yellow heaven to express his sincerity.


Fang Yuan laughed heartily, attacking Star Constellation Immortal Venerable even more fiercely.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was only one person, she was starting to suffer losses after Immortal Zombie Giant Sun and Fang Yuan collaborated to target her.




