Chapter 2194: Unification of Three Worlds


Immortal killer move — Golden Top Ox Hair!


The drizzle of dazzling golden light increased rapidly, it quickly spread and covered the dozens of giant arms.


Golden light rained down endlessly, penetrating into the pitch-black giant arms.


The giant arms shook, golden flowing veins appeared and moved up the arms while interweaving into an exquisite web.


When the golden web covered over half of the giant arms, the giant arms started shaking extremely fiercely.


The pressure on Fang Yuan reduced sharply, the giant arms could not even budge under the infiltration of the golden web.


This golden top ox hair killer move clearly also had the ability to confine its enemies. But it was different from Fang Yuan’s ten li time wind, it infiltrated the target’s body and controlled their movement.


When the golden web covered the giant arms completely, these dozens of giant arms came under Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s control. They moved up and attacked Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s main body!


Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was furious, at that instant, a thousand or so giant arms came down, destroying these dozens of traitorous arms.


The golden web lost its attached targets, turning back into a drizzle of golden light.


Amidst the golden light drizzle, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s figure appeared slowly.




Spectral Soul Demon Venerable gave a shout, his thunder-like voice shook the whole Door of Life and Death.


A grey tornado immediately formed and moved towards Fang Yuan’s group.


The grey tornado did not have absorption force, instead it had a huge repulsive force. Wind blades that were sharper than Luo Po wind rotated and cut the souls.


Immortal Zombie Giant Sun, Fang Yuan, and the immortals quickly retreated. Soul beasts rushed over from afar, but were dismembered by the wind blades.


After these soul beasts died, they were absorbed by the grey tornado, changing into grey soul bombs.


A soul bomb struck and exploded on Lu Wei Yin. Lu Wei Yin’s soul was immediately injured heavily, he almost fainted.


He had exceptional defense but faced this situation. Other immortals like Qi Jue and Shen Shang were even more miserable, their souls might have been swept away if not for Fang Yuan’s help.


The number of soul path dao marks in the Door of Life and Death was unimaginable.


Before Spectral Soul Demon Venerable awakened, these pseudo venerables could only use fifty percent of their strength because of the dao mark suppression.


Now that he awakened, pseudo venerables could only use twenty percent of their strength. Even Fang Yuan and Immortal Zombie Giant Sun could only use fifty percent of their strength!




“What’s going on? Spectral Soul is also a supreme grandmaster.”


“Although Spectral Soul Demon Venerable lost his physical body, he has already modified himself into gaining a soul beast body!”


“He has almost merged with the Door of Life and Death. With this environment, all his killer moves are amplified greatly, he can easily suppress us. This is the power of a Dao Lord!”


“What now?”


The immortals could not help but hesitate.


Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s battle strength far surpassed the expectations of many of them.


Another crucial point was that the Door of Life and Death had too many soul path dao marks.


When fate Gu was intact, the soul of every dead being returned to the Door of Life and Death. Even when fate Gu was damaged, most of the dead beings’ souls still returned here.


Countless years accumulated, countless souls gathered and broke down to form the current Door of Life and Death.


Among all the secluded domains of heaven and earth, the Door of Life and Death was likely to have the highest number of dao marks!


At the crucial moment, Fang Yuan and Immortal Zombie Giant Sun collaborated to destroy the grey tornado and detonate the thousands of grey soul bombs.


Spectral Soul Demon Venerable bent over slightly, thousands of giant arms attacked from all sides. It was like the sky was falling, creating a suffocating feeling!


Fang Yuan and Immortal Zombie Giant Sun began to use all their strength.


The giant arms were destroyed one after the other. Their fragments fell to the ground, immediately changing into soul beasts that charged forward to fight once again.


Lu Wei Yin and the other pseudo venerables were in charge of killing these soul beasts.


After the soul beasts died, their fragments combined to form new soul beasts.


Moreover, these newly born soul beasts were stronger than the previous soul beasts. They possessed talents and abilities, thus they could counter Lu Wei Yin and the other Gu Immortals.


Fang Yuan, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun, and other Gu Immortals were at a disadvantage.


They were struggling to cope with the countless soul beasts and endless giant arms that attacked unceasingly.


Right now, soul path fully displayed its combat advantage by fueling itself through killing!


“Die! All of you, die!!” Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s mind became even more chaotic, roaring like a wild beast.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable smiled, her clear voice was not suppressed by the chaotic battlefield, instead it reached the immortals’ ears: “Everyone, your valiance really makes me feel admiration. Fang Yuan, Giant Sun, I’ll take a quick leave first.”


Saying this, she leisurely retreated. Her body streaked across the dark world like a meteor, easily leaving the Door of Life and Death.


Since the battle began, she had been standing on Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s head, even though she was openly leaving now, she did not attract Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s attention.


This situation was frightening to see.


The grand Spectral Soul Demon Venerable actually became Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s puppet!


Lu Wei Yin suddenly shouted, his face was pale: “Oh no, Lord Fang Yuan! Star Constellation will definitely unite the three great worlds and destroy Paradise Earth’s tomb. We must quickly go and stop her!”


However, this was easier said than done.


Spectral Soul’s main body was a genuine Dao Lord inside the Door of Life and Death!


A soul path supreme grandmaster.


A complete rank nine venerable!


On the contrary, Fang Yuan was only at rank eight, and though Immortal Zombie Giant Sun was also a Dao Lord, how could he use the outside world’s luck path dao marks to amplify himself in the Door of Life and Death?


Heaven and earth travel?


Fang Yuan had already tried it secretly, but it had no effect.


Heavenly Court knew Fang Yuan had fixed immortal travel Immortal Gu, how could they not have prepared for it?


No killer move was invincible. Just like Fang Yuan’s ghostly concealment killer move, it showed no effect inside the Door of Life and Death!


The three great worlds were rapidly melting.


The boundaries had already shrunk by thirty percent.


As for the void in the eighth layer, it was originally vast and infinite, but the boundary was now sticking close to the bubbles of the three great worlds.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable returned here and immediately set up a formation.


The formation activated, Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals split and invaded Savage Wilderness Great World and Yellow Earth Great World.


These two great worlds’ main forces had almost all died in battle. Only a few remained, they were the old and weak Gu Immortals with no battle strength left, or elite Gu Masters.


Be they the former or latter, they had no ability to block Heavenly Court’s advancement.


Heavenly Court continued to push in, setting a sub-formation after occupying each territory.


These sub-formations resonated with the main formation which was personally controlled by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable. The sub-formations let out grand lights that shot towards the sky and shone on the surroundings, making the vast and desolate Savage Wilderness Great World, and the hilly Yellow Earth Great World bloom with green.


Weeds and tree saplings grew at a visible speed, quickly forming a dense forest.


This was only the visible phenomenon, the true essence lied in Green Lotus Great World expanding continuously as it absorbed the other two great worlds into its territory!


If looked from above, the green color that was like moss spread from the Green Lotus Great World and slowly covered the other two great worlds.


After covering them, the lush green became even deeper in color.


At first, it was only light green, many areas with the sub-formations turned into deep green. The deep green then turned into dark green.


The three great worlds finally merged!


After reaching a certain extent, a storm started brewing indescribably.


The storm was not large, but its range was astonishing, covering the whole world.


Wind blew like the qi tides of five regions, it quickly merged the primeval energy of the great world and distributed it evenly.


“Limitless Demon Venerable’s heaven and earth refinement method has already reached the peak. If I am not wrong, this wind will continue to grow until it becomes the winds of assimilation!”


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable controlled the main formation, she personally took part and helped the great worlds unite, so she gained many insight from this.


In fact, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable accounted for almost half of the heaven path research results in the Crazed Demon formation!


Why did Limitless Demon Venerable go to Heavenly Court in his later years and play this game with Star Constellation Immortal Venerable?


The reason was simple.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had merged with heaven’s will of her own accord. The killer move human executing heaven’s work was extremely profound, while she altered heaven’s will, she was also comprehending heaven path.


So, Limitless Demon Venerable competed with Star Constellation to extract the heaven path mysteries, he also received the help of this wisdom path supreme grandmaster, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, to deduce new heaven path research results.


Limitless Demon Venerable cultivated rule path, only by cooperating with the creator of wisdom path, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, could he realize the insane concept of Crazed Demon Cave!


Limitless Demon Venerable achieved his goal, while Star Constellation Immortal Venerable also gained many benefits.


The three avatar fairies’ method of influencing the emotions of many mutant Gu Immortals and making them join Heavenly Court was a result of heaven path.


Being able to control Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was also an embodiment of heaven path research results. Naturally, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable took advantage of this situation. Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s main body already had flaws.


“The three worlds have merged, the outcome has been decided.” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable let out a breath of air, her eyes shining with starlight.


She had succeeded.


Fang Yuan and Longevity Heaven’s alliance was very powerful. But she relied on her incomparable wisdom path attainment to take a lead step by step, maintaining her advantage and not letting the other two sides surpass her.


Although Heavenly Court was weak, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable used Book Mountain, Primordial Domain, the Crazed Demon formation, and the Door of Life and Death, she used everything that could be used to help claim victory.


This was Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


This was the power of wisdom path!


Heavenly Court had already infiltrated the Crazed Demon formation, now that they united the three worlds and got hold of massive clues and fuel, it was like letting half of the Crazed Demon formation falling into Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s hands.


“It is your turn now, Paradise Earth.” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s eyes shone coldly.


She did not like Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable.


Even though Paradise Earth had the name of Immortal Venerable and had extremely high reputation, he loved and defended variant humans. Paradise Earth left Merman Imperial Court in Eastern Sea and also Mushroomman Paradise in Southern Border.


What repulsed Star Constellation Immortal Venerable even more was Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s identity.


Paradise Earth had gone through many fortuitous encounters in his life that could have allowed him to change his fundamental identity to that of a pure human. But he did not do so, he was always a mixed blood which could never be accepted by Heavenly Court.


Immediately, sub-formations buzzed and tore the earth.


Ground crumbled, deep ravines spread quickly from all sides to Paradise Earth’s tomb.


Paradise Earth’s tomb was broken apart.


Afterwards, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable gave a cry, her gaze looking at the distant sky.


Soon, endless starlight condensed and solidified in the sky, turning into meteors that fell to the ground.


Like a rainstorm, the meteors smashed onto Paradise Earth’s tomb.


Bam bam bam…


The explosions rang, starlight and rock fragments flew everywhere.


After a few minutes of time, Paradise Earth’s tomb was leveled and turned into ruins.




