Chapter 2196: Spectral Soul Versus Paradise Earth


For an instant, the fighting in the Door of Life and Death suddenly stopped.


The furious Spectral Soul Demon Venerable stopped roaring, countless giant arms stopped moving like space had frozen.


“What happened?” Qi Sea Ancestor was puzzled.


At the next moment, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable opened his huge mouth, letting out an earth-shattering roar.


The roar contained anger, hatred, as well as excitement towards meeting a great enemy!


“You revived…”


“You revived as well!”


“I finally meet you. Since you are here, come in.”


“So that I can… kill you!!”


Spectral Soul Demon Venerable did not remember Fang Yuan and Immortal Zombie Giant Sun, but he seemed to have a deep impression of Paradise Earth.


Suns of blood color rose in the sky, these were Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s eyes.




He had three heads; only one head had awakened in the previous battle, now the remaining two heads also opened their blood colored eyes!


The entrance of the Door of Life and Death opened, forming a huge vortex that let out a terrifying suction force.


The entrance opened and closed in an instant. When Fang Yuan and the rest came to their senses, a Gu Immortal was pulled into the Door of Life and Death.


He had a shiny bald head and wore plain clothing.


He had a kind expression and his entire body let out a faint radiance.


“Paradise Earth!” Fang Yuan and Immortal Zombie Giant Sun called out.


“Lord Paradise Earth, you succeeded in reviving!?” Lu Wei Yin was surprised and happy. He suddenly shouted, “Careful!”


Bam bam bam…


Hundreds of giant arms repelled the air as they ruthlessly charged towards Paradise Earth while producing thunderous rumbles.


Battle erupted once again!




The Crazed Demon formation turned chaotic.


Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals were heavily injured, their expressions were pale and bewildered.


This was all caused by Paradise Earth’s revival.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable revealed an astonished expression.


Ever since the battle in Crazed Demon Cave started, this was the first time she showed such an emotion.


The reason was that although Paradise Earth revived, his revival method was beyond Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s expectations.


“I thought you would revive as an earth path venerable, but to think you would take another path.”


“I underestimated you.”


“You actually converted to heaven path, Paradise Earth’s tomb was only a target. Only through its destruction could you revive.”


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable let out a breath of air, but did not move towards the Door of Life and Death. At the moment, the Crazed Demon formation was rotating like a tornado, she could not get away easily.


Moreover, although Paradise Earth revived, he had converted to heaven path and the tomb was destroyed much earlier by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, so his current cultivation was only at pseudo venerable level.


If Yellow Earth Great World had annexed the other two great worlds and Paradise Earth’s tomb was destroyed along with the great world, the revived Paradise Earth might have venerable cultivation!


Right now, the main focus was still on the Crazed Demon formation. The sensible Star Constellation would never abandon the larger goal for smaller gains. Moreover, even if she returned to the Door of Life and Death, her battle strength would also be suppressed greatly, it would not be worth the effort.


Inside the Door of Life and Death.


“Careful!” Lu Wei Yin’s shout had just landed.


A giant web appeared in front of Paradise Earth.


The milky white web was extremely thick, every thread of the web had the size of an elephant, giving a monumental and majestic feeling.


Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s attacks were completely blocked by this giant web.


“What kind of killer move is this, it actually has such defensive prowess!?”


“This aura, I have never felt it before…”


“Wait a moment! Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable does not have rank nine cultivation, he is only at rank eight level like us!”


Demon Immortal Qi Jue, Zhan Bu Du, and the rest were greatly shaken.


“This is a heaven path killer move! Paradise Earth converted to cultivating heaven path, he revived but did not regain his venerable cultivation, this might be the price!” Immortal Zombie Giant Sun was somewhat aware.


Fang Yuan’s emotions were slightly complex.


He had also once considered progressing in heaven path.


Who could have expected Paradise Earth’s scheme to be deeper than his, he had even greater progress. Through this revival, he directly became a pseudo venerable in heaven path!


Using heaven path’s advantage, the suppression of the Door of Life and Death on Paradise Earth was the smallest.


Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was roaring in fury, he half-squatted from his cross-legged position!


Thousands of giant arms attacked, the five fingers of every hand were placed together like a drill, and the sharp nails stabbed like spears.


Countless giant hands stabbed the web of light, Paradise Earth’s expression did not change, but the heaven path giant web that did not even budge before was shaking slightly.


“Although he cultivates heaven path, he is only a pseudo venerable. Reinforce him.” Fang Yuan immediately saw through the situation and alerted others.


Lu Wei Yin was the first to charge forward, but was blocked by giant arms midway.


Fortunately, Fang Yuan and the rest followed closely to reinforce Paradise Earth.


After Spectral Soul Demon Venerable adapted, the giant arms changed shape, a large number of spikes extended from the fingernails, his action changed from poking to tearing.


Slash, slash… countless giant arms tore layers of webs of light, continuously breaking them.


Although Paradise Earth only had pseudo venerable cultivation level, his defensive method was exceptional and was at Immortal Venerable level. It was just that when Spectral Soul Demon Venerable used his full strength, Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable had to retreat even after obtaining the reinforcement.


The immortals’ situation was still as perilous as before.


After blocking for a while, Paradise Earth transmitted his voice: “Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s condition is strange, his mind is not clear, his emotions were probably tampered with by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable. I have a method that can dispel all emotions and make someone’s rationality as calm as ice.”


Wisdom path had three main elements; thoughts, wills, and emotions.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was definitely at the peak in these three aspects.


Fairy Feng Ya deduced Limitless’ arrangements, always being ahead of others. This was the attainment of thoughts.


Limitless’ will was sealed by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, this was a method of will.


Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s emotions were agitated and in disorder, he did not have even a trace of rationality. This showed Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s might in terms of emotions!


Regarding this, Fang Yuan, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun, or other pseudo venerables had all made an attempt.


However, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s condition was the same, never showing a sign of regaining his sanity.


The immortals’ attempts failed, they agreed that it was because Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s method was exceptional. Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was a wisdom path supreme grandmaster, the number one in the world in this path, since she left confidently, she naturally had full confidence in her method, she believed this method would not be broken for a short period of time.


Right now, although Paradise Earth mentioned this idea, the immortals did not object, they cooperated with him quickly.


Spectral Soul’s attacks were extremely fierce, Paradise Earth’s appearance had agitated his state even further.


All kinds of soul path killer moves were used one after the other; some were sinister, some were weird, some were domineering, and some were unrestrained. The immortals were too busy dealing with them.


Paradise Earth was protected at the center, but he was disturbed again and again. The killer move’s activation progress was minimal.


After a long while, Fang Yuan snorted coldly: “All of you, move aside!”


The immortals quickly retreated.


Fang Yuan’s face was indifferent but his eyes shone as he faced the tsunami-like wave of soul beasts. He opened his arms and roared towards the sky.


Along with his roar, specks of light flew out of his immortal aperture.


The specks were of all kinds of color, they rapidly collided in the air, turning into dragons, wolves, tigers, fishes, and other beings.


These were all totem killer moves!


Countless totems of all kinds and shapes charged forward. Wherever they went, soul beasts cried out miserably as they were torn into shreds, burned into ashes, drowned, cleaved by lightning…


In an instant, Fang Yuan released hundreds of totems that he had gathered on his body.


These killer moves were all at rank eight, that was to say, Fang Yuan used hundreds of rank eight killer moves in an instant.


Peerless might!


The immortals immediately felt the pressure on them reducing sharply.


Countless soul beasts were slaughtered, even when the giant arms attacked, ten or so totems attacked one giant arm and destroyed them.


“Thirty percent of my immortal essence was used up!” Fang Yuan let out a breath of air, returning to the group.


The immortal essence expenditure of releasing so many totem killer moves was extremely terrifying.


According to Fang Yuan’s current immortal essence reserves, he could only use this move three times at most.


Among the present Gu Immortals, the lowest cultivation was at pseudo venerable. Yet. when they looked at Fang Yuan, their expressions were all shaken and even contained vague fear.


Totem killer moves were quick and convenient, but Fang Yuan released so many totems at once, which was the thing that really shocked them.


Ignoring anything else, with just this method, Fang Yuan could exterminate almost any super force in the world!


Even Immortal Zombie Giant Sun stared at Fang Yuan for a while.


He knew of totem killer moves, so he understood the advantages and weaknesses of this kind of killer move.


Totem killer moves were indeed quick and convenient, but they were difficult to nurture.


However, Fang Yuan had actually nurtured so many rank eight totems, this made Immortal Zombie Giant Sun shocked at Fang Yuan’s wealth.


“Good method!” Paradise Earth praised before concentrating on preparing his killer move.


Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s three heads opened their mouths and breathed out a vast soul river.


Three soul rivers converged into a soul river of an unprecedented scale. It crashed down like dark clouds covering the sky.


Totem killer moves flew and charged into the soul river as they fought.


The soul river’s speed of descent fell, while these totems’ radiance was extinguished one by one.


Thoughts moved rapidly in Fang Yuan’s mind, all kinds of thoughts sparked as he madly dispatched the totems and coordinated their actions.


His immortal essence was expended rapidly, his mind was beginning to overheat as it reached the limits of his wisdom path capability.


Totem killer moves were far superior to immemorial desolate beasts because they could coordinate with each other and be controlled casually. More importantly, each of them possessed extreme prowess, comparable to immemorial desolate beasts that had wild Immortal Gu, or even immemorial desolate beasts that grasped immortal killer moves.


These totems gained twenty-two breaths of time for Paradise Earth.


Finally, Fang Yuan heaved a sigh as he collected the remaining twelve totems in his immortal aperture.


These totems survived fortunately but they were in an extremely damaged state. The other hundreds of totems had all died in battle.


Naturally, accompanying their deaths were countless soul beasts and dozens of Spectral Soul’s giant arms.


Fang Yuan retreated to the depths of the group, he had to rest his mind and it seemed difficult for him to battle for some time.


Immortal Zombie Giant Sun stood up and took his place.


He had already prepared his killer move, using it with no hesitation.


Immortal killer move — Unforeseen Disaster!


Immortal Zombie Giant Sun grabbed at his head repeatedly with his palms that were covered in a layer of light.


The pure gold light around his palms was rapidly dyed black and red.


Every time Immortal Zombie Giant Sun grabbed, he threw them as well.


The dark-red bad luck flew in the air, turning into lumps of dark-red clouds that flew everywhere.


Each lump of dark-red cloud was not large; wherever they went, soul beasts within a hundred li howled for a few breaths of time before losing their lives, giant arms broke, large segments of the soul river also broke apart.


Immortal Zombie Giant Sun repeatedly grabbed his bad luck and threw them at his enemy.


Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s body itself was becoming unstable after being hit by this method. His left head shouted as it used burning soul bursting luck, his luck immediately rose and offset Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s method.


Immortal Zombie Giant Sun attacked for a while before stopping.


It was not that his immortal essence was not enough or his mind got tired, it was because he had used up all his bad luck.




