Chapter 2197: Killing Spectral Soul?


“This method is really good.” Fang Yuan was slightly moved as he observed Immortal Zombie Giant Sun.


If he could use all of his bad luck to attack, then his own luck would always remain at the highest level.


Immortal Zombie Giant Sun had an excellent combat system, this method definitely had high importance in this combat system.


With Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s help, Paradise Earth got the time to prepare and activate his killer move.


Immortal killer move — Emotionless Heaven and Earth!


White waves of light spread from between Paradise Earth’s brows, the light waves immediately spread towards the whole battlefield and covered Spectral Soul Demon Venerable completely.


Waves of light activated one after the other, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable did not feel anything at first, but he soon showed a response. The killing intent in his blood-red pupils decreased rapidly as they revealed flickers of rationality.


But at this time, the silhouette of a figure showed itself on Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s stomach.


The immortals heard this figure speak: “Heaven and earth is emotionless, that is correct, but humans have emotions.”


Saying so, this figure laughed.


Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s pupils were filled with killing intent once again, the trace of rationality just earlier had vanished without a trace.




“Who was that?” The immortals were astonished.


Clearly, this figure had caused Paradise Earth’s killer move to fail.


“Is it Verdant Great Sun?” A thought emerged in Fang Yuan’s mind.


According to Spectral Soul’s memories and the records in <<The Legends of Ren Zu>>, Ren Zu’s eldest son Verdant Great Sun’s soul lay on the shores of Pacifying Soul Lake.


But right now, there was nothing around Pacifying Soul Lake.


It was very likely that Verdant Great Sun’s soul was devoured by Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.


But for some reason, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable who cultivated soul path and food path could not ‘digest’ Verdant Great Sun, he was instead controlled.


It was very likely that Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had played a crucial role in this.


Paradise Earth revealed a troubled expression at seeing his killer move have no effect.


Spectral Soul attacked once again, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun and Fang Yuan glanced at each other as the former said: “Fang Yuan, have you gained any comprehension?”




Fang Yuan shook his head, his expression was solemn: “There is no progress.”


“I have an idea.” Shen Shang suddenly said, “Since the fate war, I have been lurking inside Divine Emperor City while cultivating human path. Besides the gains, I also pondered on how to get out of difficult situations, so I thought of a human path method. Right now, I have already deduced ninety percent of this method, only the final ten percent remains. When I saw Lord Paradise Earth activate the human path killer move, my intuition told me that this is the final ten percent I require. With it, I can complete this killer move.”


“This…” The other Gu Immortals murmured softly.


Shen Shang’s intention was to ask for Paradise Earth’s heaven path research results, this was quite an impudent request.


There was an example here, despite Fang Yuan having three crucial secluded domains of heaven and earth, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun had never asked to borrow these secluded domains of heaven and earth to deduce the road of life to escape from the Door of Life and Death.


But in the current situation, Shen Shang’s overbearing request had some reason behind it.


The crucial point was that he and Paradise Earth had a peculiar relationship.


Shen Shang was an Eastern Sea Gu Immortal, he secretly committed many sins to cultivate human path. After Paradise Earth learned of it, he immediately took action.


Shen Shang could not even take one strike from Paradise Earth, but instead of killing or confining him, Paradise Earth gave him a chance to atone for his sins.


Thus, Shen Shang entered the blue dragon whale and cultivated bitterly.


After obtaining Paradise Earth’s help, Shen Shang made progress time and time again, advancing stably.


With heal injury Immortal Gu as the foundation, he developed and created saving dead healing injuries, light injuries, heavy injuries, fatal injuries, sensory injuries, seven laborious injuries, and other killer moves. Later, he created the killer move countless injury marks, from which he deduced the Immortal Gu recipe of injury mark Immortal Gu. Finally, he refined injury mark Immortal Gu, and changed it to his vital Gu.


When Fang Yuan explored the blue dragon whale’s aperture, he released Shen Shang.


Shen Shang cooperated with Fang Yuan according to Paradise Earth’s instructions and participated in the fate war. At the crucial moment, he played a key role and set the crucial foundation for Fang Yuan’s victory over Heavenly Court.


Shen Shang’s and Paradise Earth’s relationship could be said to be extremely close.


Back then, when Shen Shang cultivated human path in blue dragon whale, he had received Paradise Earth’s guidance.


The connection between the two was very deep, second only to the relationship between Lu Wei Yin and Paradise Earth.


Thus, Shen Shang made this seemingly impudent request. Because back then, Paradise Earth guided him, there was a high chance of him guiding Shen Shang again now that he had revived.


The only difference was that it was human path before, and now it was heaven path.


Sure enough, like Shen Shang expected, Paradise Earth directly imparted the information of emotionless heaven and earth to him without any hesitation.


“I thank lord’s guidance!” Shen Shang bowed with his hands cupped before him, his voice slightly shaking from excitement.


Paradise Earth nodded, saying with a smile: “Shen Shang, your appearance here can be considered a fortune. Whether we can leave here or not will depend on your talent.”


“Junior will do his best to not let down lord’s expectation!” Shen Shang was even more excited.


He was a grand pseudo venerable, but in front of Paradise Earth, he positioned himself as a junior and was extremely humble and respectful.


He was indebted to Paradise Earth!


In fact, many people and forces were indebted to Paradise Earth.


Everyone knew Paradise Earth was the most popular among the ten venerables, even many people of Central Continent respected him.


The amount of good deeds Paradise Earth had done over his life and the number of people he had helped was inestimable!


After receiving Paradise Earth’s approval and encouragement, the other Gu Immortals were slightly expectant of Shen Shang.


Most of them were still placing their hopes on Fang Yuan.


Fang Yuan had made crucial breakthroughs during battles before, he had created reverse flow protection seal, he was the person who defeated Heavenly Court. There were precedents for this.


Moreover, at present, Fang Yuan’s position was higher than Shen Shang’s.


The immortals fought and evaded Spectral Soul’s attacks.


Another head grew on Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.


This was because Immortal Zombie Giant Sun, Paradise Earth, and Fang Yuan’s joint attacks had cleaved one of his heads into two.


However, the halved head split, one turning into two, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable gained another head.


Not only the head, no matter how many of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s arms were destroyed, they quickly grew again.


His arms were increasing in number, becoming even more sturdy and strong.


Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s strength was still continuing to grow!


The fiercer Fang Yuan’s group counterattacked, the faster the speed of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s growth.


Nurturing strength through battle!


Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was already a special venerable, but he could still grow. Compared to the full strength he used before, his strength had clearly risen a lot.


The immortals were not able to estimate his limits, which firmed up their decision to leave.


It was too disadvantageous to fight Spectral Soul Demon Venerable inside the Door of Life and Death.


There were endless soul beasts, there was no use no matter how many were killed.


All kinds of soul path killer moves covered the world, forcing the immortals to defend with all their strength and concentration.


“Hmm?” Fang Yuan suddenly showed a peculiar expression.


This change in expression immediately attracted the gazes of the immortals.


Immortal Zombie Giant Sun asked with hope: “Fang Yuan, you made some progress?”


Fang Yuan nodded before shaking his head: “Yes, there is progress, but it is not the road of life. Let me try this!”


The moment he said this, Fang Yuan’s aura turned eerie and dark.


Inside the sovereign immortal aperture, Dang Hun Mountain and Luo Po Valley started buzzing and shaking slightly as they resonated with each other, emitting an increasingly bright radiance.


After the preparation was complete, Fang Yuan’s aura became restrained. He pushed his palm, from which a lump in the form of a grey-white square seal flew out.


The square seal’s speed was slow, but wherever it passed by, all the souls disintegrated into ashes.


A large area of the soul beast army was immediately cleared up, even immemorial soul beasts did not have a trace of resistance against this grey-white square seal, they were thinner than even paper!


The vast soul river that had been shrouding the sky also crumbled apart.


Most of the soul path killer moves were greatly suppressed and weakened in front of this grey-white square seal.


The immortals surrounding Fang Yuan were also terrified, a bone-chilling cold feeling spread from the depths of their soul.


The whole battlefield was silent, even Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s breath turned rough when he guarded against this square seal.


Since the battle started, this was the first time he was breathing roughly and stopped his tsunami-like attacks!


Immortal killer move — Dang Hun Luo Po Seal!


“Strong… too strong…” Shen Shang was shaken.


Even Paradise Earth’s eyes opened wide, turning speechless!


“This move is terrifying, it can be considered as soul path’s nemesis!” Immortal Zombie Giant Sun was stunned for a bit before complimenting. He saw the grey-white seal rise up, a hundred of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s giant arms that were in its path were destroyed.


Even though the grey-white square seal was finally destroyed, the areas where Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s hundred or so giant arms were destroyed still remained empty for a while as if the regenerative ability was exhausted.


Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s unforeseen disaster killer move was similar to Dang Hun Luo Po Seal, but these soul beasts could still resist unforeseen disaster killer move for a while. However, against Dang Hun Luo Po Seal, they had no ability to resist.


Fang Yuan heaved a sigh: “I am ashamed, I did not manage to deduce the road of life, but gained this instead.”


“This move is called Dang Hun Luo Po seal, it uses the two sacred lands as the cores, its foundation is the Luo Po seal I created before.”


“Spectral Soul had once said that Dang Hun Mountain and Luo Po Valley were sacred lands for soul cultivation. My killer move was developed from the foundation of soul path and suppresses it fundamentally. It is a pity that I only have the two sacred lands, if I had Pacifying Soul Lake as well, I might be able to restrain all soul path methods completely.”


Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s eyelids twitched, from Fang Yuan’s tone, it seemed he was still not satisfied with this killer move?


“Great!” Immortal Zombie Giant Sun praised again, encouraging, “Fang Yuan has already combined the two obstacles now, if you can add in Reverse Flow River as well, you should be able to deduce the road of life.”


Zhan Bu Du gave another suggestion while pointing towards a direction: “No, from what I see, as long as we put this move to good use, with us supporting my main body, there is a huge chance of killing Spectral Soul Demon Venerable. Take a look!”


Following Zhan Bu Du’s finger, the immortals immediately discovered: It was deathly silent in the areas destroyed by Dang Hun Luo Po Seal, they did not restore quickly like before.


As for Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, although the hundred or so giant arms destroyed were regenerating, the speed was very slow.


Dang Hun Luo Po Seal was a pure soul path killer move, it was amplified in the Door of Life and Death. The soul path dao marks that this move left behind were like the winds of Luo Po Valley and the vibration force of Dang Hun Mountain, they made it difficult for soul beasts to condense into being.


Immortal Zombie Giant Sun frowned, analyzing: “Although Spectral Soul Demon Venerable is a Dao Lord and can control the soul path dao marks here to amplify himself while suppressing Fang Yuan’s Dang Hun Luo Po seal, his state of mind is not clear, he only has a Dao Lord’s instincts, so Dang Hun Luo Po seal can also receive amplification here!”


The immortals’ eyes shined as they saw a new possibility —


Killing Spectral Soul?




