Chapter 2198: Star Constellation Versus Giant Sun


Thoughts began to surge rapidly in the immortals’ minds!


Dang Hun Luo Po Seal was truly amazing, it was a killer weapon against Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, who had lost his sanity.


Zhan Bu Du was correct. In the current situation, there was indeed a possibility of relying on Dang Hun Luo Po Seal to kill Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.


“Barring unexpected surprises, it is feasible indeed…”


“It will be very difficult to find an escape route under Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s crazed attacks. However, directly eliminating Spectral Soul Demon Venerable is also an option!”


“This place is controlled by Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, there is small hope of finding a way out. But going against Spectral Soul Demon Venerable and killing him will definitely be a life and death battle!”


They were all speculating.


Qi Sea Ancestor’s expression sank: “The fact is, don’t we need to step past the obstacle, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, to leave the Door of Life and Death? Even if we shake him off and leave the Door of Life and Death, what if he chases us? At that time, we will have to deal with both Star Constellation and Spectral Soul! It is better to use this chance when Star Constellation Immortal Venerable is busy with infiltrating the Crazed Demon formation to kill Spectral Soul Demon Venerable!”


The immortals’ minds jolted.


“Indeed.” Lu Wei Yin mumbled, “We will need to go against Heavenly Court to fight for the eternal life research results. If we can kill Spectral Soul Demon Venerable now, Heavenly Court’s threat will immediately be halved.”


“Hmph!” Zhan Bu Du snorted coldly, “What are you still hesitating for? Everyone, the longer we delay, the deeper Star Constellation’s infiltration becomes, she will be closer to the eternal life research results. Regardless of which plan we choose, we need to decide now.”




Immortal Zombie Giant Sun, however, frowned, saying in a heavy tone: “It is not that simple, Fang Yuan. Star Constellation Immortal Venerable is the number one expert in wisdom path, will she leave behind such an obvious loophole? Right now, I am worried that Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s control over Spectral Soul Demon Venerable has a time limit. Once the time limit is up, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable might get out of this predicament by himself. At that time, we will have Spectral Soul Demon Venerable as an ally.”


“If we really attack Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, whether we win or Spectral Soul Demon Venerable wins, even if it is a draw, both sides will be injured, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable will still be the biggest winner.”


The immortals were silent.


Immortal Zombie Giant Sun made sense, since this was Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, there was no such thing as overestimating her planning.


“Giant Sun, when do you think Spectral Soul Demon Venerable will leave the control and gain his rationality?” Fang Yuan asked with a sharp gaze, “Let’s take your speculation a step further. Suppose Star Constellation Immortal Venerable intentionally left this loophole and lured us into thinking this way, in fact, even if Star Constellation can only control Spectral Soul Demon for some time, if she were to obtain the eternal life research results during this time, what do we do?”


“Then, Fang Yuan, you are intent on fighting to the death? Under this situation?” Immortal Zombie Giant Sun fixed his gaze on Fang Yuan.


Fang Yuan did not yield, matching his gaze.


The atmosphere between the immortals suddenly became tense.


Right at this time, Shen Shang shouted: “I succeeded, I succeeded. My killer move is complete!”


Paradise Earth said with a heavy voice: “Shen Shang, what are your chances?”




“Eighty percent!” Shen Shang was excited, “This move was incomplete before as it lacked heaven path results. But the lacking part is not the crucial core. My intuition is telling me strongly that this move has an eighty percent success rate. There is still room for improvement, but it is already complete now and can be used.”


Fang Yuan and Immortal Zombie Giant Sun retracted their gazes.


Fang Yuan said: “Then, let’s protect Shen Shang while he attempts it.”


Previously, Fang Yuan and the rest succeeded in protecting Paradise Earth. With Dang Hun Luo Po Seal, there was no problem in protecting Shen Shang.


Immortal killer move — Heaven Always Leaves A Way Out For People!


After a while, amidst the tidal wave-like offense of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, Shen Shang activated the killer move, creating a narrow path.


The path was long and winding, it could not compare to luck changing golden light path. But it pierced through the Door of Life and Death, the immortals even saw the vague scene of the outside world at the end of the path.


The immortals were surprised and joyous.


Shen Shang laughed heartily, calling out with his arms raised: “It succeeded.”


Paradise Earth smiled: “I was right about you.”


“Hundreds of years eastern immortal leader, with half of a venerable’s talent, your reputation matches your abilities indeed.” Qi Sea Ancestor cupped his fists.


“We all owe you a favor for getting out of this predicament.” Demon Immortal Qi Jue did not stint on praising.


“Let’s go.” Zhan Bu Du still took the lead, he was very suitable in opening up a path.


The immortals did not have any hesitation, they protected each other as they stepped on the narrow path.


Shen Shang’s killer move was unique, even the Door of Life and Death could not stop these Gu Immortals from escaping successfully.


When the immortals got out of the Door of Life and Death, they prepared for a fight.


Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s mad roars came from the Door of Life and Death, the whole giant door shook constantly.


But in the end, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable did not step out of the Door of Life and Death!


“So it was like this, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable is not able to exit the Door of Life and Death for some reason.”


“No wonder Star Constellation Immortal Venerable lured us inside.”


“Maybe Spectral Soul Demon Venerable can come out, but Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s method of control is most effective inside the Door of Life and Death.”


The Gu Immortals let out sighs of relief as they made guesses.


“Quick, let’s go to the Crazed Demon formation. So much time has passed, who knows how much progress Star Constellation Immortal Venerable has made?” Demon Immortal Qi Jue reminded.


Before the immortals left, they used their methods to try to destroy the immortal graveyard.


However, the killer moves were all absorbed by the Door of Life and Death.


“No use. Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s arrangements are exquisite, this immortal graveyard is closely connected with the Door of Life and Death. If we want to destroy the immortal graveyard, we need to destroy the Door of Life and Death first.” Immortal Zombie Giant Sun sighed and left.


It was because they saw through this, he and Fang Yuan had chosen to invade the Door of Life and Death.


Naturally, there were also many other reasons.


“This method can be broken, and we can separate the immortal graveyard from the Door of Life and Death. But we don’t have time. Let’s go, onwards to the Crazed Demon formation!” Fang Yuan also turned around and left.


The immortals did not delay as they followed closely behind.


After the destruction of Primordial Domain, the eighth and ninth layer could be easily traveled to and fro.


When Fang Yuan, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun, and the rest once again arrived before the Crazed Demon formation, only thirty percent of this formation remained.


A large number of truthful floating ice pieces were already melted, the remaining truthful floating ice pieces had expanded several times their previous size.


Bam.


Right at this time, a truthful floating ice piece suddenly detonated, turning into countless ice fragments.


Most of the ice fragments dissipated on the spot, and a small portion floated towards the formation, joining other truthful floating ice pieces.


“In this battle, Primordial Domain was lost, Giant Sun, Star Constellation, and even Spectral Soul have already become supreme grandmasters. If these eternal life research results derived by the Crazed Demon formation for over a million years are also seized by these people, that would truly be a crushing defeat!”


“If I cannot compete for it, I might have to destroy the final truthful floating ice piece and let no one gain anything.”


Fang Yuan’s gaze was icy as he charged towards the formation.


The other Gu Immortals also charged forward.


This group contained the strongest people of the current world; Fang Yuan, Giant Sun, Paradise Earth, Qi Sea, Zhan Bu Du, Shen Shang, Qi Jue, and Lu Wei Yin. This lineup was truly horrifying and suffocating.


“Terrifying!” Gu Yue Fang Zheng’s face was pale, he felt the intense killing intent even inside Demon Judgment Board.


“Don’t even think of it!” Even under the huge pressure, Heavenly Court Gu Immortals still walked forward.


It was Duke Mei!


Not only Duke Mei, Duke Tong, Golden Hooped Great Immortal, and others moved forward to block the path.


“Get lost!” Immortal Zombie Giant Sun shouted coldly. Golden light bloomed, turning into a giant palm that sent several people flying.


Hu Land appeared above Qi Sea Ancestor, qi waves surged and turned into a qi wall that blocked Ruan Dan and Fairy Maiden Soul.


Seven Fiendish Primeval Monarch attacked while riding on Shabi Ninety-five, Shen Shang and Demon Immortal Qi Jue were stopped by the killer move, their momentum stopping immediately.


“Damn it!” Demon Immortal Qi Jue furiously activated the killer move Xi Xi, suppressing Seven Fiendish Primeval Monarch.


Shen Shang attacked in coordination with a cold expression.


Seven Fiendish Primeval Monarch held on for a few breaths of time before he was killed by Qi Jue and Shen Shang. Shabi Ninety-five was also hacked into two, dying on the spot!


Although Heavenly Court’s members were strong, they were too weak in front of Fang Yuan’s group, of which the weakest was still at pseudo venerable level.


Moreover, they did not have the help of immortal formations or Immortal Gu Houses in this fight, they were using their lives to delay the enemies.


In just a short while, Heavenly Court’s side suffered huge casualties.


However, they also achieved their goal; Fang Yuan’s group’s momentum slowed down.


“Heavenly Court has the Door of Life and Death and the immortal graveyard, so what if these Gu Immortals died? They will revive soon without any loss to their battle strength.”


“If we want to fight our way into the formation, we need to control a part of it.”


Lu Wei Yin and Zhan Bu Du called out.


Starlight appeared, before Lu Wei Yin and Zhan Bu Du could react, they were sent flying by the starlight.


Starlight specks shone as Star Constellation Immortal Venerable revealed herself. She looked around and sighed: “You are all too anxious, Crazed Demon formation’s derivations are at the final juncture, you cannot act recklessly. What will we do if Limitless’ painstaking efforts of over a million years are destroyed?”


Fang Yuan’s expression was cold, while Immortal Zombie Giant Sun smiled and said with his gaze fixed on Star Constellation Immortal Venerable: “Since that is the case, I might as well wait for them. But we cannot waste time now. Star Constellation, let us settle this once and for all!”


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s gaze lingered: “I would like to see your skills too. Please go ahead and make your move.”


The moment she finished speaking, the void fluctuated, stardust flew, creating vertical and horizontal starry paths, forming a grand chessboard.


At the center of the chessboard was the Crazed Demon formation, while Heavenly Court, Fang Yuan, Longevity Heaven, and other Gu Immortals were all inside the chessboard.


“Star Constellation Chessboard!” Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s eyes shone sharply.


Paradise Earth smiled as he came to realization: “So Star Constellation Chessboard was an Immortal Gu House as well as an immortal formation. But there are no records of this transformation.”


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable answered Paradise Earth: “This was modified by me after I regained my Dao Lord status. Please do critique it.”


Qi Sea Ancestor attacked directly without waiting for her to finish speaking.


Qi surged and shook the surroundings.


For a moment, starry paths vanished and stardust was swept away.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable threw down a chess piece.


The chess piece turned into Nine Spiritual Fairy in midair. Nine Spiritual Fairy had already activated her transformation path killer move to turn into a kingfisher, she shot towards Qi Sea Ancestor with an astonishing speed.


Qi Sea Ancestor fought with her. After three to four rounds, there was still no clear victor.


Nine Spiritual Fairy was clearly strengthened by the formation.


After five to six rounds, Nine Spiritual Fairy had already transformed three times, but was starting to fall into danger.


But right at this time, chess pieces fell down; Wan Zi Hong, Bai Cang Shui, Jun Shen Guang, Zhou Xiong Xin, and other immortals attacked. The battlefield instantly turned chaotic.


After just a few rounds, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun saw the ingenuity behind this.


These Heavenly Court members were formation cores of Star Constellation Chessboard Formation. Under Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s control, their coordination was extremely good.


As more and more Gu Immortals entered the battle, the situation became increasingly chaotic, and Heavenly Court’s advantage got bigger.


Immortal Zombie Giant Sun snorted coldly, he broke free from the chaotic battlefield and charged directly towards Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable did not evade this time, she met Immortal Zombie Giant Sun head on.


A fight between two venerables could be said to be unprecedented!


Starlight flickered strongly, golden light spread, the whole battlefield was dyed golden and blue.


The aftermath of the two venerables’ fight created a vast qi tide that was much worse than the past qi tides.


On one end, there was a wisdom path supreme grandmaster, the second generation Immortal King of Heavenly Court, an unmatched strategist with dazzling achievements. On the other end, there was the number one person in luck path who changed the luck of countless lives, he controlled Northern Plains and spread his bloodline widely.


They were evenly matched!




