Chapter 2199: Star Constellations Difficulty


All kinds of killer moves and methods were activated endlessly by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Immortal Zombie Giant Sun.


Some killer moves were domineering, spanning across heaven and earth. Some methods were exquisite and dazzling, splitting the universe.


Immortal Zombie Giant Sun was like a golden meteor, charging forward bravely.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s body flickered as she moved around in Star Constellation Chessboard Formation, leaving behind starlight shadows that attacked Immortal Zombie Giant Sun.


Moreover, even when fighting, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was still controlling Star Constellation Chessboard Formation to help Heavenly Court members.


Prince Feng Xian used phoenix flames, Bai Cang Shui let out a large blue river, flower petals rained down below Wan Zi Hong… All kinds of killer moves were used repeatedly, and under Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s support, the conflicts between them were greatly reduced, forming waves of attacks that followed one after the other with short gaps between each other. Lu Wei Yin and others got a feeling of Heavenly Court’s attacks being continuous and unending.


Fang Yuan frowned, commenting in his mind: “Star Constellation Immortal Venerable has astonishing wisdom path attainment, even though Immortal Zombie Giant Sun is fighting her, he is not able to force out her limits. She still has the energy to support others and control the whole battlefield.”


“So, from another angle, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun also hasn’t used his full strength?”


The two venerables were fighting, although there were huge explosions and countless methods used, their power did not go beyond Qi Sea Ancestor’s Hu elevation killer move.


Be they Star Constellation Immortal Venerable or Immortal Zombie Giant Sun, they were wary of triggering Limitless’ countermeasures.


A venerable’s foundation was unfathomable, if any one side were to trigger Limitless’ countermeasures, the other side would gain an advantage.




Naturally, the important thing was that both venerables wanted to obtain the eternal life research results!


The value of this research was enormous to the point of being inestimable.


In the deadlock between venerables, if a venerable could obtain the eternal life research results, they could likely break the balance and become the strongest among the venerables!


Even Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Immortal Zombie Giant Sun were coveting the eternal life research results, so they had to restrain themselves right now. If they destroyed this formation in the midst of the intense battle, that would be a huge problem.


They were not Limitless, these truthful floating ice pieces were nurtured for over a million years. If any one of them was destroyed, the venerables would not be able to substitute it.


“Since it is so….” Fang Yuan’s eyes shined brightly for a while, he suddenly commanded, “Qi Sea!”


Qi Sea Ancestor received the main body’s voice transmission, he immediately used a killer move without hesitation.


Immortal killer move — Hu Elevation!


The terrifying qi path killer move descended once again.


The immortals evaded immediately.




Even the allied group of Qi Jue and Lu Wei Yin was the same.


“Are you insane?’


“Aren’t you afraid of triggering Limitless’ retaliation again?”


“No, maybe this is Fang Yuan’s intention. Truly… amazing!”


The Gu Immortals were bewildered for a while before coming to a realization.


Lu Wei Yin’s group was joyous, while the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals were worried.


Sure enough, at the next moment, chains appeared from thin air and bound Qi Sea Ancestor.


But the thing was, Qi Sea Ancestor was currently on Star Constellation Chessboard Formation.


Limitless’ countermeasures attacked Qi Sea, they naturally would not leave Star Constellation Chessboard Formation out.


Fang Yuan wanted to get the help of Limitless’ countermeasures to break Star Constellation Chessboard Formation!


But at the next moment.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable suddenly got away from Immortal Zombie Giant Sun: “Fang Yuan, your scheme is wonderful, but how could I have not prepared for such a huge flaw? Please take a look.”


The moment her words landed, starlight bloomed, many of the horizontal and vertical starry paths moved and attached on Limitless’ chains.


After a few breaths of time, Limitless’ chains were bound by starry paths and were under Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s control now.


Star Constellation Chessboard Formation was not disturbed by Limitless’ countermeasures, instead, it made use of them. The strength of these chains were used to make Star Constellation Chessboard Formation even firmer.


“How could this be?!” Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s expression changed.


Lu Wei Yin said through gritted teeth: “Star Constellation Immortal Venerable has prepared too well, her infiltration of Crazed Demon Cave is too deep.”


This was not strange.


After all, when Crazed Demon Cave was just constructed, Limitless Demon Venerable attacked Heavenly Court and made a bet with Star Constellation’s will.


That was to say, Heavenly Court had begun infiltrating Crazed Demon Cave the moment it was established.


This infiltration lasted over a million years!


Immortal Zombie Giant Sun obtained Savage Wilderness Great World, his infiltration of Crazed Demon Cave was about three hundred thousand years or so, it was not even half the time of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s infiltration.


Moreover, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable cultivated wisdom path, which excelled in infiltrating.


And Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s Yellow Earth Great World was only established over a hundred thousand years ago.


As for Fang Yuan, he was the most miserable one.


Although he came in touch with Crazed Demon Cave about ten or so years ago, his infiltration time of the Crazed Demon formation was almost zero.


If the Door of Life and Death was Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s home ground. Then Crazed Demon Cave was over fifty percent the home ground of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, while Immortal Zombie Giant Sun only had less than half the home ground advantage. Fang Yuan was like a guest, his understanding of Crazed Demon Cave mostly came from Paradise Earth’s information.


Star Constellation Chessboard gained Limitless’ chains, becoming even more powerful.


Heavenly Court Gu Immortals were unafraid of death, they used their lives to tie down the pseudo venerable opponents.


After all, an Immortal Venerable was helping them.


Naturally, they could not obstruct Fang Yuan’s main body!


Fang Yuan’s main body moved towards the sky and joined Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s battle.


As for Qi Sea Ancestor, he was bound by the chains. He could not even be put back into the sovereign immortal aperture, and could only leave his protection to Zhan Bu Du and others.


“Then, let’s try this move.” Fang Yuan took a deep breath, his gaze shining brightly.


Immortal killer move — Five Restriction Profound Light Qi!


Five colored light qi rapidly spread from around Fang Yuan. Be they Heavenly Court Gu Immortals or Lu Wei Yin’s group, they all retreated.


They would suffer backlash every moment they fought in this five restriction profound light qi.


Five regional walls were manifesting once again through Fang Yuan’s hands!


“This move again!” Prince Feng Xian and others gritted their teeth.


This move came from Tao Zhu, it had repeatedly made things difficult for Heavenly Court during the fate war and in Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance space.


Right now, it became Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s issue!


Five restriction profound light qi was spreading in Star Constellation Chessboard Formation, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable immediately felt its effects as she started suffering backlash.


Those chains of Limitless on starry paths began to shake, eager to take action.


“Five restriction profound light qi is suppressed in this formation. But it looks like Star Constellation Immortal Venerable has not been able to find a way to break it.”


“However… this method will trigger Limitless’ countermeasures.”


Fang Yuan observed carefully.


It was not strange for it to trigger Limitless’ countermeasures. Five restriction profound light qi was the nemesis of Gu formations and Immortal Gu Houses, the Crazed Demon formation was also restrained. Inside five restriction profound light qi, the Crazed Demon formation would also suffer backlash, breaking apart eventually.


Limitless’ arrangements would naturally detect this threat, so it was normal for five restriction profound light qi to trigger the countermeasures.


This was why Fang Yuan did not use five restriction profound light qi earlier.


As for the Door of Life and Death, there were too many soul path dao marks, even five restriction profound light qi would be suppressed. Moreover, even if the light qi became dense and formed five regional walls, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun and the rest would also be endangered, it was not worth it.


But the current situation was different.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s methods were amazing, she actually used Star Constellation Chessboard Formation to forcibly merge Limitless’ chains. At this stage, Fang Yuan suddenly used five restriction profound light qi to oppose it!


In an instant, the amount of things Star Constellation Immortal Venerable needed to calculate increased by over ten times.


She had to deal with Immortal Zombie Giant Sun, help Heavenly Court members fight the pseudo venerables, forcibly control Limitless’ chains, and also accelerate the Crazed Demon formation to quickly produce eternal life research results.


Now, Fang Yuan activated five restriction profound light qi in Star Constellation Chessboard Formation, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had to endure the backlash as well as suppress Limitless’ chains.


Fang Yuan’s five restriction profound light qi was of extreme threat to the Crazed Demon formation, Limitless’ chains were doing everything they could to shackle him. But Star Constellation Immortal Venerable must suppress it, if she did not suppress it and let it take effect freely, it would severely interfere and ultimately destroy Star Constellation Chessboard Formation.


Once the formation was destroyed, just these Heavenly Court Gu Immortals, even if they had the immortal graveyard, could not block the bloodthirsty pseudo venerables.


At that time, even if Star Constellation Immortal Venerable blocked Immortal Zombie Giant Sun and Fang Yuan, she would not be able to guard the eternal life research results, and the pseudo venerables would gain them.


There were no two ways about it, Heavenly Court had too little manpower after all.


Even though Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had revived, her enemies were too numerous!


“Five restriction profound light qi, what an amazing move!” Shen Shang praised as he saw through the situation.


Even he felt bad for Star Constellation Immortal Venerable!




