Chapter 22: Dancing Moonblade


The sky was blue and clear, as though it had been washed clean. The sun shone gold.

Puffs of white clouds floated by, and a group of peacock parrots chirped as they flew, soaring in an arrow formation.

These colorful parrots would only appear in large groups during spring. They were about the size of eagles, and were covered in rainbow feathers. Their beaks were that of a parrot, and they had long flowing peacock tails.

It had been ten days since Fang Yuan managed to get first place in the test to refine a vital Gu. The spring breeze blew over the whole mountain’s green grass, while the wildflowers bloomed eagerly and the bees and butterflies danced around together. Life was surging all around; it was the wonderful beauty of spring.

The breath of spring was so strong that the tall bamboo walls surrounding the training grounds could not hold it back.

The training field area was about two thousand square meters in size. The ground was flat, paved with a layer of gray graphite. Its borders were formed by planted green spear bamboo placed closely side by side, forming high green walls.

While the corners were paved as well, clumps of green grass emerged from many areas. In between the bamboo there were also some wild roses, a few even climbing the wall.

Fifty-seven young teens were standing in the midst of the training field, formed in a semi-circle around the academy elder, giving him their attention.

This was a lesson to teach the students on how to use the Moonlight Gu.

“The Moonlight Gu is the symbol of our clan, just like the Xiong Clan’s Bear Strength Gu, and the Bai Clan’s Stream Gu. The majority of you have chosen the Moonlight Gu as your vital Gu, so you must all watch properly. I will personally demonstrate how to use the Moonlight Gu to attack. Students whose vital Gu is not the Moonlight Gu must also focus, as this classic long-distance attacking method can also be used with other Gu.”

As he spoke, the academy elder stretched out his right hand, his five fingers opened wide. He lowered his palm so that the young teens could see the center of it.

“First, you use your mind to command the Moonlight Gu, moving it to the center of your palm.” Following his voice, the crescent mark that represented the Moonlight Gu moved down the elder’s arm and into his palm.

“Then, you use the primeval essence in your aperture, pouring it into the Moonlight Gu.” A thread of brilliant white primeval essence snaked out of the elder’s body, so fine it was almost invisible. It dived into the Moonlight Gu in his hand.

Rank one Gu Masters had green copper primeval essence, while rank two Gu Masters had red steel primeval essence, and the academy elder was a rank three Gu Master, capable of producing white silver primeval essence.

Once it absorbed the primeval essence, the crescent-shaped mark in the elder’s hand glowed brighter and brighter. Although it was daytime, it still shone with a brilliant pale-blue light.

“That’s awesome!”

“How beautiful.”

The youngsters could not help but praise the sight of it.

The light was clear as water, flickering faintly in the elder’s palm. At first glance, it seemed as if the academy elder had grasped a handful of moonlight. The academy elder smiled a little. “Now watch carefully, this is how you launch it.”

His splayed fingers slowly closed together, then he lifted his arm up and slowly moved it forward, his arm straight. Finally he waved his palm lightly in a cutting motion.

The entire movement was steady and powerful.

Swoosh.

The young students heard a light brushing sound.

Following the academy elder’s movement, the pale blue light in his palm condensed and was thrown out.

The light transformed into a small moonblade in the air. It was only the size of a wide-open hand, shaped like a crescent moon. It flew straight through the air, striking a grass puppet ten meters away.

With a tearing sound, the grass puppet’s neck — about thirty centimeters thick — was severed by the moonblade. The puppet’s body swayed as its head suddenly fell to the ground.

After cutting the grass puppet, the moonblade immediately dimmed. However, it continued flying for another six meters before the crescent began to gradually fade away, finally dissipating.

Looking at the grass puppet’s neck, one could see that the cut was extremely straight, as if it were severed by the sharpest sickle.

The youngsters watched in shock, eyes wide. A few of them even touched their own necks involuntarily, astonished by the power of the moonblade.

After a short silence, the commotion began. The teenagers’ eyes lit up as they stared at the grass puppet, some of them staring at the elder’s palm. A few of them were looking at each other, talking and whispering excitedly.

Only Fang Yuan stood hidden in the crowd with a cold expression, his demeanor calm.

In his previous life, Fang Yuan had cultivated to rank six, and he had created the Bloodwing Demon Sect in the Central Continent. He taught tens of thousands of people and was a renowned figurehead of the demonic path, his fame widespread.

The academy elder was just a rank three Gu Master. This small trick was just child’s play to him; it would not cause any ripple of emotion in his heart.

“All of you who have refined the Moonlight Gu, step forward. Each one of you shall take a grass puppet and try to imitate what I did.”

Once the academy elder was finished, around thirty students stepped forward.

This year, a hundred teens had participated in the Awakening Ceremony. Fifty-seven of them were found to have talent. Among these students, thirty-five of them had chosen the Moonlight Gu as their vital Gu, and refined it after several days of hard work. The rest were all D grade, unable to refine their Moonlight Gu due to their lacking talent.

To the youngsters of the Gu Yue Clan, the Moonlight Gu was not a simple Gu worm, but a symbol of the clan’s glory.

Soon all thirty-five of them stood in a row. Each of them faced forward, standing ten meters away from a grass puppet.

Fang Yuan stood in the middle of the row, but he did not garner any attention. The practice began.

The students all stretched out their right hands, letting the Moonlight Gu move to the center of their palms. One by one, the blue crescent marks started to give out blue light as green copper primeval essence was poured in.

But when they cut with their palms, only seven or eight crescents flew out. Among these moonblades, some of them fizzled out almost immediately. Some flew for two or three meters before disintegrating into blue light with a bang. Some flew further, but their aim was poor, flying into the ground or off into the sky.

The young teens all frowned. When they saw the elder’s demonstration, it seemed quite easy. But when they started practicing themselves, they realized the skill required. Throwing a moonblade and actually hitting a target was not at all simple.

The elder wore a faint smile as he watched. He saw this scene every year, and was not surprised. The remaining twenty-two students could only stand outside the field, watching with jealousy.

After practicing for five minutes, the youngsters were gradually able to produce moonblades. For a time, pale-blue arcs flew about everywhere.

A few moonblades would fade halfway, a few unluckily crashing into one another. Some flew out of the training field, twisting around. Only a few were able to strike the grass puppets. Of course, these were all due to sheer luck.

The academy elder started to tutor and guide each student personally.

He focused greatly on Fang Zheng, Mo Bei, Chi Cheng, and those others with good talent. He patiently corrected their postures, providing them with his experience. Towards those with poor talent like Fang Yuan, he only spoke a few sentences.

Fang Yuan kept condensing the blue light in his hand. He waved his palm a few times, cutting the air, but he did not release the light, merely pretending. Once everyone was distracted with their practice, he focused his thoughts and relaxed his hold on the Moonlight Gu, tilted his palm slightly, and sliced the air.

In order to avoid attention, he did not focus on his own grass puppet, instead aiming at the one on his left.

With a whoosh, a moonblade flashed out, passed through the chaos, and sliced into the neck of a grass puppet.

The grass puppet’s head wavered for a moment as its neck was cut deeply by the moonblade. But in moments, it began to regenerate, the strands of grass growing and tangling together to heal the wound.

Of course, this grass puppet was not ordinary. It was created from a rank one Grass Puppet Gu, and its ability was self-recovery. Unless the puppet suffered severe damage, it would regenerate.

“Wow, look at that moonblade!”

“How cool, who threw it?”

Moonblades that were able to hit the grass puppets were rare at the moment. Fang Yuan just casually hit one, yet it caused the most significant result so far. Thus, in an instant, the students observing from the side gave out cries of surprise. Even the academy elder’s attention was drawn, and he asked, “That moonblade just now was not bad. Was it yours?”

He looked at a C grade talent student with an inquiring eye, since that grass puppet was just opposite him.

The student blinked, feeling somewhat bewildered as he became the center of attention. To be honest, the field was in total chaos earlier with moonblades flying about, so even he did not know if it was he who had thrown it.

However, looking at it, it probably was me? thought the young boy. Then he nodded his head subconsciously.

The youngsters around him immediately looked at him with admiration.

“Who is he, what is his name?” some of the girls asked.

Even he can throw out a moonblade. I must not lose! Mo Bei’s eyes flashed with a hint of determination.

So it’s not Big Brother who threw it. Fang Zheng inexplicably sighed with relief. After his adoptive parents consoled him, he was able to recover from his earlier defeat.

Big Brother, you won first place last time because your luck was good and you picked a weak-willed Moonlight Gu. A Gu Master’s cultivation cannot always rely on luck, I will beat you, Fang Zheng cheered for himself in his heart.

“You did well. Continue trying hard, seize the feeling you had earlier.” The academy elder patted the student’s shoulder, smiling as he encouraged him.

The young boy quickly grew excited and he nodded continuously, his eyes shining with new light.

The elder took the opportunity and announced, “Listen up everyone, this will be your homework. Practice well after class; in three days, I will check your progress. Whoever performs the best will receive ten primeval stones as the prize. Understand?”

“Yes!” The young students all shouted loudly. They could not help but grow more excited when they heard about the primeval stone reward.

However, only three minutes later, the number of moonblades that flew about in the air gradually started to thin.

“Damn, every single moonblade uses 10% primeval essence.”

“The consumption of the moonblade is just too high. I’m only a C grade talent, my aperture can only hold 38% and I can only throw three moonblades.”

Those that stopped all sighed.

The academy elder was calm as he witnessed everything, but in his heart he sighed. This is the benefit of those with good talent. Learning to use the moonblade is simple: practice makes perfect. Those with greater talent are able to hold more primeval essence in their apertures, and their rate of recovery is faster, so they have more chances to practice. Those with poorer talent can also use primeval stones to make up for it. But for those with low grade talent and no primeval stones, though they might have the mind to practice, they will still be powerless. The process of cultivation is just so cruel. It’s best to focus my efforts on the more talented students.

