Chapter 2200: Luck Gamble!


Fang Yuan activated five restriction profound light qi which inflicted backlash to Star Constellation Immortal Venerable at every moment. But Star Constellation Immortal Venerable needed to suppress Limitless’ chains and control them, she was basically protecting Fang Yuan.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable heaved a deep sigh.


Even if she was the number one person in the wisdom path, she had more problems than she could cope with.


From her point of view: Immortal Zombie Giant Sun was the strongest enemy in her life, she had to pay enough attention to him. Comparatively, Fang Yuan’s threat was lower, but he could not be ignored. After all, many venerables had invested in him, even Star Costellation’s will had invested in him when Spectral Soul refined sovereign immortal fetus Gu.


Fang Yuan could not be left alone, if he was allowed to act as he pleased, he would give her huge problems!


Having this understanding, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable suddenly took out Book Mountain.


A chess piece flew out, it was Zhou Xiong Xin!


Zhou Xiong Xin landed on the middle of the mountain and controlled it with all his strength.


Book Mountain let out golden light, they were actually Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s luck path killer moves.


These luck path killer moves attacked Immortal Zombie Giant Sun, stopping him temporarily.


Almost at the same time, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable attacked Fang Yuan.




Fang Yuan did not activate Dang Hun Luo Po Seal.


This method was amplified by his countless dao marks, it was far stronger than Hu elevation. Star Constellation Immortal Venerable could disregard the cost to retrieve Star Constellation Chessboard Formation and release Limitless’ chains.


Adding on the previous accumulated ‘hatred’ towards five restriction profound light qi, Fang Yuan would be fiercely shackled by Limitless’ chains, his situation would be even worse than Qi Sea Ancestor’s.


At that time, Fang Yuan would lose his battle strength, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable could take out Star Constellation Chessboard again and make the situation greatly advantageous for Heavenly Court.


Naturally, in the process of Star Constellation Chessboard being stored and taken out, it would be damaged, and even Star Constellation Immortal Venerable would suffer damage.


But how great would this damage be?


According to Fang Yuan’s estimation, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable could endure it.


So, Fang Yuan did not attack, instead he retreated into the five restriction profound light qi.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable smiled.


Fang Yuan’s action was within her expectations.




Information about Dang Hun Luo Po Seal had already been transmitted from the Door of Life and Death. Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was slightly disappointed that Fang Yuan did not use this method.


But, Fang Yuan retreating into the five restriction profound light qi made it convenient for Star Constellation Immortal Venerable to take her next action.


At the next moment, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable gave a cry. Hundreds of vertical and horizontal starry paths twisted and turned like water waves, they quickly gathered and weaved an azure sphere, covering all the five restriction profound light qi and Fang Yuan inside.


Fang Yuan was actually sealed.


Five restriction profound light qi was still continuing to spread, but the space inside the azure sphere was vast. It would take a long time to fill it completely.


“An excellent response.” Fang Yuan praised.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable used wisdom path and star path to imitate space path. Star Constellation Immortal Venerable did not break five restriction profound light qi, but found a way to restrain it.


This response was amazing, not only did she use Star Constellation Chessboard Formation to a whole new level, there were extraordinary methods like dao embroidery used as well.


Fang Yuan was trapped, but he was not hurried.


He waited for Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s performance.


Immortal Zombie Giant Sun was extremely shrewd, he definitely realized Heavenly Court’s weakness and his side’s advantage.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable took the risk to deal with Fang Yuan, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun had a good chance of success over on his end. On the contrary, if Star Constellation Immortal Venerable dealt with Immortal Zombie Giant Sun, Fang Yuan could make some arrangements. Although the strength of these cheap tricks was small, they would definitely cause great annoyance to Star Constellation Immortal Venerable. If they were not resolved immediately, these cheap tricks would become the key to suppressing Heavenly Court!


Sure enough, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun shouted, a giant wave of golden light pushed Book Mountain aside as it charged towards Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


Book Mountain was sent flying like a meteor.


Zhou Xiong Xin, who was on the mountain, was already smashed to a pulp. This was the price of forcefully controlling Book Mountain!


This rank eight expert used all his strength but only stopped Immortal Zombie Giant Sun for a few breaths of time. This was the case even when he had Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s help, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun had also restrained his strength to prevent damaging Limitless’ formation.


Immortal Zombie Giant Sun managed to get some free time, he immediately began preparing a method.


This chance did not come easily. When he fought with Star Constellation Immortal Venerable earlier, they attacked constantly, he had no such chances.


However, at the next moment.


“This killer move is finally complete.” Golden Hooped Great Immortal suddenly appeared, “Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, you fooled me, I invited you to Heavenly Court as a guest, but you took the chance to make your arrangements. During the fate war, Heavenly Court headquarters was ambushed by your Longevity Heaven!”


The moment he finished speaking, Golden Hooped Great Immortal used his life and all his cultivation to activate a killer move.


The mysterious light shone down and fell on Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s head, turning into a golden hoop.


The golden hoop bound Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s forehead, causing his mind and body to turn slightly sluggish.


A female immortal appeared behind Immortal Zombie Giant Sun.


It was Qin Ding Ling!


“Giant Sun, I am repaying you for all the humiliation you have given me back then!!” Qin Ding Ling shouted, slamming her hands on Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s back.


Immortal killer move — Luck Gamble!


A black and white Gu worm resembling a die flew out of Qin Ding Ling’s phantom aperture, it rolled rapidly before coming to a stop.


Immortal Zombie Giant Sun — Three!


The die Gu worm rolled once again before coming to a stop, revealing a number on its surface.


Qin Ding Ling — Five!


Bam!


In an instant, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s vast luck was transferred to Qin Ding Ling.


Qin Ding Ling’s body shook, her face reddened, and her teeth clattered together. She could only endure with all her strength and had no strength to fight for the moment.


“Back then, when I forcibly took away a portion of Crazed Demon Cave’s Thieving Heaven true inheritance, a mysterious Immortal Gu escaped, I could not catch it in time. It seems like it was obtained by you in the end.” Immortal Zombie Giant Sun came to a realization.


Qin Ding Ling perspired profusely as she took in the endless luck while replying with hatred: “To deal with you, I gave up on metal path, I sealed and buried myself deep under the earth in a metal coffin, cultivating in seclusion as I comprehended luck path. During these three hundred thousand years, this gamble Gu was attracted to me and came to the metal coffin one day. From that moment, I realized this was the backlash of you forcefully taking Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance, it is also my fortuitous encounter to take revenge. Gamble, gamble, let us gamble with our lives!”


The intense golden light around Immortal Zombie Giant Sun dimmed rapidly.


Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s expression turned solemn.


The foundation of his combat system was based on powerful and prosperous luck. He had all kinds of killer moves that helped him to maintain positive and powerful luck, for instance, the unforeseen disaster killer move he used in the Door of Life and Death, to extract his bad luck to deal with the enemy. Although it reduced the size of his luck, his luck path methods quickly restored it, on the whole, his luck became even better.


Once Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s positive luck was stronger than the enemy’s, his defense, offense, healing and other aspects would also rise based on the difference, always being higher than his enemy’s.


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s methods were extremely powerful and exquisite. Under the support of such a combat system, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was invincible.


His luck path methods had never been spread, how could other Gu Immortals seize his luck?


Most Gu Immortals’ luck would fall to rock-bottom within ten or so rounds, while Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s strength would continue to rise.


While it looked like Immortal Zombie Giant Sun was in a stalemate with Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, the fact was that he had already accumulated a huge advantage in terms of luck. At the final juncture, when the Crazed Demon formation stops and the eternal life research results emerge, without Limitless’ retaliation anymore, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun could erupt with extreme strength.


But now, Qin Ding Ling dug at his foundation!


Qin Ding Ling had almost performed a miracle!


Just based on gamble Gu, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s retaliation would not be able to accomplish this.


Just Qin Ding Ling alone also could not accomplish this.


Even Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s arrangements and schemes alone could not dig at Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s foundation.


But these three factors joined to achieve a miracle-like achievement!


Immortal Zombie Giant Sun immediately activated a killer move, his thoughts increased and collided rapidly: “I fell for Star Constellation’s scheme.”


“She had already prepared this trump card to deal with me, but just did not have a chance before.”


“When Fang Yuan used five restriction profound light qi, she saw the chance.”


“She intentionally left to deal with Fang Yuan, even throwing out Book Mountain, it was just to show me weakness.”


“She succeeded after all!”


Book Mountain was a secluded domain of heaven and earth, but in Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s eyes, it was only a chess piece that could be casually thrown.


In fact, many Heavenly Court members on Star Constellation Chessboard Formation were all Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s chess pieces.


Even Fang Yuan was used by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable to lure Immortal Zombie Giant Sun!


Just like how Immortal Zombie Giant Sun took Heavenly Court as his enemy, Heavenly Court also considered Longevity Heaven and Immortal Zombie Giant Sun as an obstacle.


Fang Yuan?


Although Fang Yuan was very strong, even destroying fate Gu, he was selected by heaven’s will and received the help of venerables. Star Constellation Immortal Venerable used Fang Yuan, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable also made arrangements for Fang Yuan…


Fang Yuan was a chess piece.


Even if Fang Yuan’s ambition was huge, wanting to become a refinement path venerable, turning into a player from a chess piece, Primordial Domain was already destroyed, how could he become refinement path Demon Venerable?


If he could not become venerable, even if he had more dao marks, he would only be a pseudo venerable.


Immortal Zombie Giant Sun and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had already returned to being Dao Lords!


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable left Fang Yuan and returned to fight Immortal Zombie Giant Sun.


“Go.” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable pointed at Qin Ding Ling, Star Constellation Chessboard Formation activated, the chess piece Qin Ding Ling immediately disappeared on the spot and appeared at the edge of the battlefield.


The killer move luck gamble was already activated, Qin Ding Ling had completed this crucial part!


Luck gamble!


After Qin Ding Ling recovered, she activated the killer move again.


Immortal Zombie Giant Sun — Three!


Qin Ding Ling — Two!


Boom…


At this time, Qin Ding Ling’s luck surged out and transferred back to Immortal Zombie Giant Sun.


Luck gamble killer move’s power was like this, it could not be controlled by people. The numbers determined victory or defeat, but the outcome was determined randomly, even Qin Ding Ling, who was the user could not influence it.




