Chapter 2201: Damn You, Fang Yuan!


Back then, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable had expended his own theft path dao marks to refine this gamble Gu!


Gamble Gu gave random results that could not be influenced by anyone.


Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable was special, he was an otherworldly demon who possessed otherworldly dao marks. Thieving Heaven’s space was founded on the basis of his otherworldly dao marks. Meanwhile, gamble Gu was refined with his otherworldly theft path dao marks.


Gamble Gu did not have any offensive power by itself, it was powerless no matter what the result was. But the luck gamble killer move that used it as the core was extremely dangerous.


Whether it succeeded or failed, there was no way to predict it.


But it was because of this characteristic, even Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s luck could not interfere with it.


The probability of winning the luck gamble was equal for both Immortal Zombie Giant Sun and Qin Ding Ling.


Qin Ding Ling won the previous time, now, it was Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s win.


However, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun did not feel any joy.


Because whether she lost or won, Qin Ding Ling would only profit.


The reason?




It was due to the profundity of luck path.


Luck was essentially categorized into two types: good luck and bad luck. The size of luck varied from person to person; in general, the higher the cultivation, the larger the luck.


Comparing Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s and Qin Ding Ling’s luck.


Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s luck was extremely vast, it was at Dao Lord level. There was little bad luck, while good luck occupied the majority of it.


And Qin Ding Ling?


Qin Ding Ling’s luck was far smaller than Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s. Bad luck occupied most of it, while good luck was little.


Qin Ding Ling was only a rank eight expert, her luck would naturally be smaller than Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s.


Luck was a variable! She was against a powerful enemy like Immortal Zombie Giant Sun, with the luck of all living beings influencing each other, even if she had good luck, it would be affected and turned into bad luck.


Thus, firstly, Qin Ding Ling’s luck was far smaller than her opponent’s. She was basically gambling with a smaller chip, this was a huge advantage in itself.


Secondly, Qin Ding Ling had a lot of bad luck, when it was transferred to Immortal Zombie Giant Sun, it would contaminate his luck as well.




The basis of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s combat system was positive and powerful luck. This had two crucial points, one was he needed to have vast luck, the other was that his luck needed to be positive, which meant the more good luck he had, the better.


If Qin Ding Ling won more and lost less in the luck gamble, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s luck would greatly decrease. If Qin Ding Ling won less and lost more, even though Immortal Zombie Giant Sun would obtain her luck, it would mostly contain bad luck.


Immortal Zombie Giant Sun fell into a dilemma.


He had many methods to transform his bad luck into good luck. But this process would spend immortal essence and mental energy, he would be sacrificing many opportunities when he battled Star Constellation Immortal Venerable again.


Even worse was that once he turned his bad luck into good luck, and he lost to Qin Ding Ling in the next luck gamble, what would he do?


Would he not be reinforcing the enemy?


Bam bam bam…


There was a chain of self-detonations, over thirty truthful floating ice pieces were destroyed.


There was only ten percent or so remaining of the Crazed Demon formation!


The Crazed Demon formation’s power continued to weaken, there was also only about forty percent remaining of the great world in the eighth layer. Everything was used to nurture the central truthful floating ice piece.


The three Crazed Demon Eccentrics continued to carve the truthful floating ice, their expressions becoming fanatic.


The strength of Limitless’ countermeasures originated from the Crazed Demon formation. If not for this, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable or Immortal Zombie Giant Sun would have already destroyed the source of Limitless’ countermeasures.


Back then, Limitless Demon Venerable had deliberately arranged it as one whole to make others hold themselves back if they wanted to obtain eternal life research results. They had to accept the threat and be indistinctly restricted by the countermeasures.


As the Crazed Demon formation continued to disappear, the upper limits of strength in the Gu Immortals’ fight continued to rise.


Immortal Zombie Giant Sun used more powerful methods.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable similarly raised the strength of her skills.


Immortal Zombie Giant Sun was being hindered by Qin Ding Ling, he unavoidably fell into a disadvantage.


“We must kill Qin Ding Ling!” This became a general consensus.


Not only Immortal Zombie Giant Sun, other pseudo venerables also attacked.


But this was Star Constellation Chessboard Formation, since Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s painstaking scheme against Immortal Zombie Giant Sun succeeded, how could she let Qin Ding Ling be attacked easily?


“The situation is not good, we need to reinforce Giant Sun Immortal Venerable!”


“If we want to support Giant Sun, we need to kill Qin Ding Ling. At worst, we need to disturb and break her killer move.”


“But Star Constellation Chessboard Formation can transfer her anywhere instantly, so we still need to destroy this formation first!”


After back and forth discussions, it still returned to the starting point.


Swoosh swoosh swoosh!


Stars shot forward one after the other, destroying the protective golden light, and forcing Immortal Zombie Giant Sun to retreat.


Guh.


He coughed out cold, dark corpse blood. Starlight shone on his chest, no matter how his golden light spread, the starlight was still shining brightly. His injuries were very heavy!


Because of Qin Ding Ling impeding him, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s battle strength had fallen sharply. He was actually showing signs of defeat in the battle with Star Constellation Immortal Venerable!


Looking at Immortal Zombie Giant Sun coughing blood, the expressions of Lu Wei Yin and the others changed.


Was Immortal Zombie Giant Sun going to lose in the battle of two venerables?


The previous battle situation already proved that Immortal Zombie Giant Sun was the strongest battle strength in the allied forces, second was Gu Yue Fang Yuan. If Immortal Zombie Giant Sun were to be defeated, that would mean the allied forces lost!


However, no matter how unwilling Lu Wei Yin and the rest were, they were aware that it was normal for Star Constellation Immortal Venerable to have such an advantage.


There were many factors that influenced a fight between Gu Immortals.


One was cultivation level and number of dao marks. Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Immortal Zombie Giant Sun were equal in this.


Second was immortal essence and Immortal Gu. Both sides were about the same.


Third was battle experience. It was a draw between Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Immortal Zombie Giant Sun.


Fourth was external environment, whether it could be used or not. Star Constellation Immortal Venerable exceeded Immortal Zombie Giant Sun in this aspect, at least, it was true for the moment.


Immortal Zombie Giant Sun used Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace, Calamity Luck Altar, and Savage Wilderness Great World. He then allied with Fang Yuan, deliberately destroyed Primordial Domain, then allied with Fang Yuan again to explore the Crazed Demon formation and the Door of Life and Death.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable fought many battles using the strength of Book Mountain, Primordial Domain, Crazed Demon formation, immortal graveyard, Door of Life and Death, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, Green Lotus Great World, Star Constellation Chessboard, and Limitless’ countermeasures.


Fifth were combat methods. Gu formations, battlefield killer moves, Gu houses, and all kinds of killer moves. Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Immortal Zombie Giant Sun were both excellent beyond doubt in this aspect, it was hard to tell who was better.


Sixth was combat system.


Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s combat system contained extremely powerful potential for later, but it was miraculously cracked by Qin Ding Ling.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable also possessed an exceptional combat system which she had been using all along.


This combat system was the combined combat systems of Ming Hao, Yu Xiu, and Feng Ya.


In the offensive aspect, the main method was Fairy Ming Hao’s flying star killer move.


Wisdom path Gu Immortals often used exquisite killer moves because of the superiority of their path. These killer moves usually contained many Gu worms and had complicated procedures for activation. This was why the calculation ability of wisdom path Gu Immortals was extraordinary, only then could they control their killer moves properly.


But in Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s combat system, the flying star method was almost the only method in the offensive aspect, it could be said to be extremely lacking and unvaried!


Was Star Constellation Immortal Venerable intentionally throwing away the obvious advantage of wisdom path?


That was not the case.


First of all, the killer move flying star looked simple but that was not true. If it was used repeatedly one after the other, every move would be a consecutive move. Immortal Zombie Giant Sun was hit by so many stars that by now, the injuries caused by the stars had reached the point of inflicting serious injuries.


Secondly, the deficiency in the offensive aspect was exactly Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s ingenuity.


Looking at the whole combat system, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable took out the calculation requirement from the offense aspect and transferred it onto herself, letting her have an immense grasp over the battle situation at all times!


It was because of this grasp over the situation that Star Constellation Immortal Venerable could use all the surrounding resources to the limit, even as the weak side, she could win against the strong, against the strong alliance army that had high numbers, she actually led Heavenly Court to the height of victory.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s combat system could use the environment to suppress enemies and use emotions to affect them. Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was one of the victims.


Immortal Zombie Giant Sun and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable were equal in many aspects. However, in this deadlock, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s combat system was obstructed, while Star Constellation Immortal Venerable continued to maintain her combat system and her advantages.


These advantages were insignificant alone, but they stacked together until Immortal Zombie Giant Sun fell into the danger of losing!


“Fang Yuan, it is time to stake our lives and fight, what are you still hesitating for?!” Immortal Zombie Giant Sun suddenly shot towards the azure sphere.


Luck path killer moves erupted like a rainstorm, attempting to break the sphere and release Fang Yuan.


But Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was already guarded against this. She immediately attacked, star shadows flickered, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun suffered a heavy attack again, his killer move was also destroyed halfway.


“We must help Fang Yuan, he will reinforce Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.” Lu Wei Yin called out.


Paradise Earth sighed: “Sigh, if my tomb had not been destroyed, I would have venerable cultivation level now and be able to resolve this predicament.”


“These damned fodder!” Zhan Bu Du waved his punch, killing another Heavenly Court member. However, these Heavenly Court Gu Immortals would revive shortly afterwards, there was no way to kill them completely.


What’s more, there was still Qi Sea Ancestor behind Zhan Bu Du.


Half of the Limitless’ chains on Qi Sea Ancestor had already disappeared.


On one hand, other Gu Immortals were helping him, on the other hand, the Crazed Demon formation itself was shrinking. The upper limit of strength in the Gu Immortals’ fights was continuously increasing, there was now a much higher tolerance for the killer move Hu elevation.


However, Qi Sea Ancestor still did not have the strength to protect himself, he required Zhan Bu Du’s constant protection.


“Everyone, protect me!” Paradise Earth shouted, retreating to the center of the group.


The other immortals protected him and gave Paradise Earth precious time to use his killer move.


Heaven path killer move — Heavenly Summary Earthly Norm.


A mysterious aura spread from his body and charged towards the azure sphere like an air wave.


This killer move was extremely profound, it could restore heaven and earth to its normal state, it was the nemesis of battlefield killer moves.


It was perfect to break the encirclement!


The azure sphere was already enduring the pressure from Fang Yuan, now that the killer move heavenly summary earthly norm hit, it immediately collapsed.


Fang Yuan gave a loud shout, as he flew out like a tiger let out of its cage.


“Paradise Earth, I hope you can lend me a hand again!” Fang Yuan sent out a multi-colored rainbow, taking Paradise Earth as he charged towards Qin Ding Ling!


Heaven path killer move — Heavenly Summary Earthly Norm!


Paradise Earth took in a deep breath, after using the killer move, his orifices started bleeding, his face became pale as paper.


Formless air currents moved forward, everywhere they went, starry paths broke down, turning into nothingness.


Without the starry paths, it was difficult for Star Constellation Immortal Venerable to move Qin Ding Ling.


Her eyes flickered with cold light, she immediately gave up on rescuing Qin Ding Ling and fiercely attacked Immortal Zombie Giant Sun instead.


“Damn you, Fang Yuan!” Immortal Zombie Giant Sun roared, his chest was torn from the attack and his soul was heavily injured.


At this time, Qin Ding Ling was killed by Fang Yuan.


However, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun could not turn the situation around. Thousands of stardust shot towards him, he destroyed most of them but several hundreds still struck his body.


So much starlight accumulated in Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s injuries that they were already intense like fire!


Immortal Zombie Giant Sun was close to death.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable continued to attack him ruthlessly.


The final fatal attack!




