Chapter 2204: Two Venerables Versus Fang Yuan (Double Chapter)


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s attacks were blocked. Fang Yuan took the chance to counterattack, but at this time, a ray of starlight landed on Fang Yuan’s forehead with an incredible speed.


Fang Yuan’s head leaned back slightly from the attack. Seeing his defensive methods weakened by thirty percent, he quickly moved away.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable flew over and coordinated with Giant Sun Immortal Venerable to pincer attack Fang Yuan!


At this moment, Fang Yuan was facing the attacks of two venerables!


All the immortals were tongue-tied.


No matter how strong Fang Yuan was and how much reputation he had, was he worthy of being targeted by two venerables?


But thinking about it carefully, the immortals understood why.


After all, among all the pseudo venerables, Fang Yuan possessed the greatest threat! Besides Fang Yuan’s main body, Qi Sea Ancestor and Zhan Bu Du were also Fang Yuan’s clones. Thus, he also had the largest force here.


And the seemingly lone Demon Immortal Qi Jue had already made a secret deal with Fang Yuan back during the pursuit battle against him, they had cooperated for a long time.


With the sharp increase in pressure, Fang Yuan prioritized on evading. He defended against the two venerables’ attacks while shouting to Paradise Earth and the other immortals: “We must join hands and unite. Otherwise, with the eternal life research results right in front of us, the two venerables will not let you gain benefits easily. They will definitely kill us first!”


Without much hesitation, Shen Shang, Paradise Earth, Demon Immortal Qi Jue, and others agreed, attacking one after the other.




It was just that their efforts could not lift the pressure off Fang Yuan.


In Star Constellation Chessboard Formation, the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals tied down the pseudo venerables even if they had to sacrifice their lives.


Fang Yuan was beginning to flee everywhere, falling into a passive state.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable suddenly mobilized Star Constellation Chessboard formation to slow down Fang Yuan’s flying speed. Giant Sun Immortal Venerable took the chance to attack, a ray of golden light shot out from his hand.


Fang Yuan could not dodge in time and was illuminated by the golden light.


At the crucial moment, Fang Yuan had to activate his renowned defensive method.


A long robe appeared on him. This long robe had wide sleeves, it was white like snow. On the surface of the robe, there was slow flowing water, it was the same appearance as Reverse Flow River earlier.


Not just that, the surface of the long robe had faint mist surrounding it. There was also a strip of light that was deep azure, it was curvy and wavy, resembling a long sash, it coiled around Fang Yuan’s arms, the back of his neck, and around his waist again.


Immortal killer move — Reverse Flow Protection Seal!


Reverse flow protection seal was outstanding, it immediately reflected Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s golden light and the flying stars that followed closely behind.




Fang Yuan finally gained a slight respite, but he did not dare to relax.


His hands opened wide.


His left hand released five colored smoke, it was five restriction profound light qi!


His right hand pressed down towards the starry paths, activating a sinister and baleful compound killer move, rotting poisonous dark ash!


This move contained the profundity of wood path, poison path, dark path, and fire path. It could corrode everything and destroy their internal structure. As time passes, its damage would become even fiercer. Even when this killer move was canceled, there would still be continuous corrosion, but the corrosion would become weaker.


Fang Yuan had once tried this move on an immemorial year beast.


He had stopped this killer move in just a few breaths of time.


But the struck immemorial year beast cried miserably for three days and three nights before it finally turned into a pile of rotten grey ash. Fang Yuan blew it away with just a light breath.


Fang Yuan was not using this move to target Star Constellation Immortal Venerable or Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.


He was targeting this Star Constellation Chessboard Formation!


He must first destroy this formation!


Heaven path killer move — Heavenly Summary Earthly Norm!


On the other side, Paradise Earth activated his killer move again. He had the same intention as Fang Yuan; great minds thought alike, he wanted to first dismantle this formation as well.


The heaven path killer move’s power was beyond ordinary, everywhere it went, starry paths vanished and starlight dissipated, restoring it to the original void.


“Paradise Earth…” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable frowned as she threw out numerous stars. Most of them still targeted Fang Yuan, but a small portion attacked Paradise Earth.


Even though Paradise Earth only had pseudo venerable cultivation, he had converted to heaven path. Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was unable to ascertain his methods for the moment, so she had to be on alert against him.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable controlled the whole situation and was always calm. As long as there was something odd, she would suppress it immediately.


With Star Constellation Immortal Venerable targeting him, Paradise Earth also had to be on guard.


“This reverse flow protection seal is indeed difficult to deal with, but Fang Yuan, how long can you hold on for?” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable used powerful killer moves one after the other.


These killer moves were all reflected back, but Reverse Flow River’s water level also fell sharply.


Fang Yuan’s reverse flow protection seal was renowned all over the world, it was not that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had not prepared for it. It was just that he had not personally dealt with Fang Yuan’s reverse flow protection seal, and after Fang Yuan modified it later, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable could only choose the method of consuming it.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable frowned slightly.


With a shift of her mind, starry paths shook, a grand rank eight Immortal Gu House followed the starry paths and entered the battlefield.


It was Divine Emperor City!


Inside Divine Emperor City, Genesis Lotus’ will was solemn as he activated a method that he had prepared for a long while.


Painting path killer move — Scenic Portrait!


Instantly, Fang Yuan’s portrait appeared inside Divine Emperor City’s painting world.


Fang Yuan’s portrait stood in front of Genesis Lotus’ will, he was motionless with his eyes closed, he had no expressions.


After Genesis Lotus’ will used this killer move, his form began to turn unstable.


He clenched his teeth as he activated another painting path killer move called ink slicing thread.


Thin lines of ink suddenly flew out of the hands of Genesis Lotus’ will, they started slicing the cheeks of Fang Yuan’s portrait.


Almost at the same time, Fang Yuan, who was fighting Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, suddenly shook.


His left cheek was cut, the injury was a thin line from which black ink flowed out from.


“What’s going on?!” Fang Yuan’s pupils shrunk, and almost immediately, his sharp gaze fell on Divine Emperor City.


“This is a painting path method, it is definitely Divine Emperor City’s doing and very likely involves Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable!” Fang Yuan’s thoughts moved like lightning.


He was right.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable planned before taking action. Since she could prepare the killer move luck gamble against Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, she would not neglect Fang Yuan.


Although Fang Yuan had not used reverse flow protection seal for a long time, it did not mean he had no way of using it.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s plan would never forget Fang Yuan’s reverse flow protection seal!


The killer move scenic portrait was already created by Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable. Later, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable worked together with Genesis Lotus’ will to modify it, to target Fang Yuan’s reverse flow protection seal.


Fang Yuan had just stabilized his footing with the help of reverse flow protection seal when Star Constellation Immortal Venerable used this method.


Reverse Flow River could essentially reflect everything, however, reverse flow protection seal was created by Fang Yuan. Fang Yuan had almost no understanding of painting path, his attainment level in it was blank.


Fang Yuan was aware of this flaw, so he had already gathered some painting path mortal Gu. However, it was far out of its depth against a painting path method at this level.


As such, Fang Yuan was hit by the killer move scenic portrait.


This was also the reason why most venerables cultivated two paths.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable cultivated wisdom path and star path, Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable cultivated wood path and painting path, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable cultivated luck path and blood path, Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable cultivated earth path and heaven path, Reckless Savage Demon Venerable cultivated transformation path and strength path, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable cultivated theft path and space path…


Venerables often cultivated one main path and one specialty path.


The first path would be the primary one which could be widely spread. The other path would be kept secretive and mysterious, information about it would be sealed tight.


For instance, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable cultivated wisdom path as the primary, with star path as her specialty. Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable cultivated wood path as the primary, with painting path as his specialty.


Fang Yuan’s current situation showed the advantage of doing this.


Fang Yuan could reflect wood path methods, but he was a stranger to painting path, so painting path methods were effective on him.


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s situation was slightly special, he had planned to take blood path as the primary, and luck path as his specialty.


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable created luck path when he was alive, he was the only one to possess luck path. Thus, he kept luck path a secret, but to help Fang Yuan and his ambitions, he left a portion of the luck path true inheritance in Eighty-Eight True Yang Building and with Lang Ya land spirit.


After he died, he tried all ways to use his clone to create blood path. He had planned to make blood path the most common path, thus the Blood Sea clone spread blood path everywhere. He wanted to get the help of others to help him perfect and promote blood path.


Inside Divine Emperor City, Genesis Lotus’ will used another painting path killer move, brush stroke.


A painting brush swept past Fang Yuan’s portrait, leaving ink traces wherever it brushed.


At the same time, ink-black injuries appeared on Fang Yuan’s body. The injuries deepened quickly.


Compound killer move — Man as Before!


Fang Yuan activated a killer move again to heal himself constantly.


But with this, he had no choice but to cancel the rotting poisonous dark ash killer move, which only left five restriction profound light qi for his counterattack.


Simultaneously activating multiple killer moves did not surpass Fang Yuan’s wisdom path limits. But Fang Yuan had to leave some capacity for thinking to deal with any sudden event.


Otherwise, once an unexpected situation occurred, and Fang Yuan’s reaction was slightly late, it would give the enemy an opportunity.


After all, his enemies were venerables, they were not the likes of Qin Ding Ling and Bing Sai Chuan.


Moreover, these two venerables had allied!


Pressure, immense pressure that was like a mountain pressed down endlessly on Fang Yuan, it would not stop until it killed him.


Fang Yuan was in a disadvantage all along, his situation continued to be more troublesome.


This was the hardest battle of his life!


Comparatively, the battle in the fate war was not so heated.


“Fang Yuan is in danger!” Paradise Earth and the others wanted to help, but were always blocked by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.


The two venerables’ attacks were concentrated on Fang Yuan, they only used the remaining small portion of energy to block the other pseudo venerables.


Finally, Fang Yuan’s Reverse Flow River was expended, he had no choice but to cancel this move.


Without the obstruction of this move, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable laughed as he activated an already prepared killer move.


The killer move was formless, Fang Yuan was instantly hit.


Sovereign immortal aperture shook violently, lightning flashed as tribulation clouds gathered.


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable smiled: “Fang Yuan, the core of this move is Calamity Luck Altar, it can change fortune to misfortune. Your sovereign immortal aperture has too many resources, and it has developed extremely well. How large of a tribulation will form once such a deep fortune turns into calamity?”


Fang Yuan’s expression changed.


Inside the sovereign immortal aperture.


Mini Northern Plains.


Sacred Eagle City.


Tribulation clouds billowed. At the previous moment, it was still a scene of blue skies and white clouds, now the world had turned dark.


“What’s going on?” The residents of the city looked at the sky.


Shortly afterwards, noisy sounds rose from Sacred Eagle City.


“Tribulation clouds, there are tribulation clouds again!”


“What is happening?”


“Quick, go ask the City Lord for help.”


The city residents were terrified and panicked as they ran towards the City Lord Manor.


Sacred Eagle City’s residents were mostly humans who came from the former Beast Calamity grotto-heaven.


In this life, Fang Yuan had secretly accelerated Beast Calamity grotto-heaven’s calamities and tribulations to subdue it. This caused tribulation clouds to cover the whole of Beast Calamity grotto-heaven, creating a huge number of casualties.


These residents had such a painful experience, so when they saw the tribulation clouds that was almost the same as in their memory, they immediately acted like spooked cats, screaming and fleeing madly.


Inside the City Lord Manor, a transformation path rank seven Gu Immortal looked at the sky, a bitter expression was on his face too.


He was the recently promoted Sacred Eagle City Lord. He was originally only at rank six, but he received Fang Yuan’s help, and his cultivation advanced to rank seven. After accepting a mission, he became this Sacred Eagle City’s City Lord.


“This tribulation is so huge, Sacred Eagle City only has three Gu Immortals. We might not be able to stop it, it is better to ask for reinforcements from Triple Sacred Mountain!” Sacred Eagle City Lord immediately sent a request for reinforcements.


Triple Sacred Mountain was the center of Mini Northern Plains, it was the gathering area of snowmen, and was the most developed area. It was looked after by Fang Yuan’s fiancée, Xue Er.


Different from the five regions, humans lived peacefully with other variant humans the inside sovereign immortal aperture, helping each other without any discrimination.


Sacred Eagle City’s residents were very isolated and ignorant. When they first moved into the sovereign immortal aperture, they were helped extensively by Xue Er and the snowmen, so they had good feelings towards the snowmen.


As for Sacred Eagle City’s Gu Immortals who came from Beast Calamity grotto-heaven, these Gu Immortals were also vastly different from the five regions’ Gu Immortals in regards to their philosophy of life. They took the duty of protecting mortals as their glory.


Adding on Fang Yuan’s rule and management, all the races in sovereign immortal aperture lived unitedly.


The human Sacred Eagle City Lord did not have any mental barrier in asking for reinforcements from the snowmen. At the same time, he had a lot of faith in Fairy Xue Er’s help.


Mini Western Desert.


An enormous pitch-black city was standing in the depths of the desert.


It was Inkman City.


Inkman City Lord Mo Tan Sang’s cultivation had also advanced to rank seven. He had around eight Gu Immortals under him, but they were just rank six.


“The scale of this tribulation is so huge, its power will definitely be unprecedented.” Mo Tan Sang’s expression was solemn, he felt heavy pressure.


He reacted almost immediately and sent out commands.


Two Gu Immortals were dispatched to maintain the security and prevent the residents from taking vicious actions, like rioting or stampeding.


Additionally, four Gu Immortals were dispatched out of the city to look after white steel bowl valley, rotten swamp, hibiscus trees, and other resource points. If the situation became urgent, these Gu Immortals could immediately retrieve as many of these resources as possible and temporarily place them in Inkman City’s storage.


Mo Tan Sang’s status was similar to Xue Er’s. He was almost like the person in charge of Mini Western Desert, he governed not only Inkman City, but also many other locations.


Mini Blue Heaven.


A grand city was on a continent above cloud soil.


In the heart of the city was a mountain-like hall made from a star snail.


This hall was in uproar at this moment.


A rank eight elderly man was sitting inside solemnly as he listened to the reports from various Gu Immortals.


He was the old Combat Beast King, he was appointed as Star Collection City Lord by Fang Yuan and was in charge of overseeing the internal affairs of the sovereign immortal aperture.


“This tribulation is too sudden!”


“It is even more terrifying than the one in Beast Calamity grotto-heaven, it is much larger and covers the whole sovereign immortal aperture!!”


“City Lord, what should we do?”


“Master has taken away almost all the rank eight Gu Immortals and the strong rank sevens for the fight at this time. Although most of them have revived, they are at Gu Master level. Our manpower is too few, how do we deal with such a tribulation?!”


“Even if there were no casualties, could we deal with such a tribulation by combining our strength? That is impossible! Only an existence like master can protect our home from such a tribulation…”


Combat Beast King raised his hand, the hall gradually quietened: “Master is wise and mighty, he will definitely make a move when he should. But right now, we should remember our responsibility — to protect our home! Even if we die, it cannot crumble our will. Everyone, this is a difficult test, master is watching us, our clansmen are watching us. As Gu Immortals, if we cannot protect them, if we are afraid of dying, how can we raise our heads in pride later on?”


“We are willing to fight with all our strength!” The Gu Immortals shouted together with surging morale.


Death was not terrifying.


Even if they died, they could revive through Human Sea.


The terrifying thing was escaping in the face of danger and leaving a bad impression on Fang Yuan.


There was no doubt that Fang Yuan’s will was paramount in the sovereign immortal aperture, he ruled everything.


In Crazed Demon Cave.


Dazzling and vast golden light flowed like a sea wave.


Fang Yuan retreated rapidly with a solemn expression.


He no longer had reverse flow protection seal. Facing the two venerables, his situation was perilous, almost like walking on a steel rope between cliffs.


What was even worse was the trouble in the sovereign immortal aperture.


“This is a method of all living beings luck…” Fang Yuan looked at Giant Sun Immortal Venerable with a malevolent killing intent.


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s gaze was eerie, he observed the tribulation aura on Fang Yuan’s body becoming denser before he put his mind at rest.


Fang Yuan possessed Cooking Luck Pot which could indeed stop most of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s luck path methods, however, Fang Yuan still could not compare to Giant Sun Immortal Venerable in terms of luck path foundation.


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable sighed lightly: “Fang Yuan, you have such talent and aptitude, I really don’t want to kill you. It is such a pity that your character determined your outcome. I have to get rid of you. If you are really allowed to keep on developing, there will be a day when you comprehend all living beings luck and heaven and earth luck through the self luck true inheritance. It is much easier to get rid of you now.”


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable appreciated Fang Yuan’s talent, but was even more wary of him!


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable continued to attack while speaking.


Fang Yuan was forced to retreat again and again.


Although he had cooperated with Fang Yuan time and again, when they truly fought, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable seemed to be even happier than Star Constellation Immortal Venerable to get rid of Fang Yuan!


Fang Yuan’s expression was solemn, his eyes shone sharply as he kept silent.


He continuously activated all kinds of compound killer moves, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had never heard of or seen these killer moves before.


Because of this, it was rather troublesome for Giant Sun Immortal Venerable to deal with them.


Fang Yuan relied on this to barely maintain his footing.


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable smiled: “I am getting more and more amazed by you, such brilliant and numerous compound killer moves have really broadened my horizons. A pity, it is a pity that these killer moves are unsystematic, you still don’t have your own combat system!”


“But this is not your fault.”


“I used close to one thousand years to perfect my current combat system back then.”


“Moreover, making a combat system is not just about time, it also needs plenty of worthy opponents to be created successfully.”


“Fang Yuan, how many years have you lived even after adding up all your lives?”


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable smiled, while speaking, he inflicted another deep injury on Fang Yuan’s chest.


Fang Yuan did not speak.


Comparing foundation, he was indeed inferior to venerables.


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had a smile on his face as he saw Fang Yuan’s tribulation aura increasing by double in just a short while: “You already felt it, right? The greatest profundity of my move lies in the number of calamities and tribulations. As many resource points, Immortal Gu, Gu Immortals, desolate beasts, and so on as are there in the sovereign immortal aperture, there will be an equivalent number of calamities and tribulations.”


“Those who are struck by this move need to resolve countless calamities and tribulations at the same time. Difficult, this is extremely difficult. Fang Yuan, I won’t give you an opportunity to save yourself.”


Saying so, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable attacked once again.


His attacks were unceasing and majestic, Fang Yuan could only block them, and was unable to do anything to the sovereign immortal aperture.


It was a scene of an abyss in the sovereign immortal aperture.


Mini Central Continent.


Flower mist extreme marsh.


Large meteorites dragged long tails as they smashed on the ground.


Bam bam bam…


The meteorites erupted and flames spread, burning the mist, marsh, and extreme marsh flowers around them. Only dry land was left behind.


From the inferno, tall flame monsters stood up.


As the flame monsters wreaked havoc, a Gu Immortal streaked across the sky.


It was Fang Yuan’s dragonman clone — Wu Shuai.


With a thought from Wu Shuai, ant groups flew out and fought with the flame monsters.


Mini Southern Border.


There was a downpour on the whole dark inkstone mine.


The corrosive rain inflicted heavy damage on the dark inkstones.


A rockman Gu Immortal was stationed here, he used all his strength to activate his killer moves but could only protect a small part of the mine.


Star Collection City was in chaos.


“Every resource point in the mini five regions and mini nine heavens is being attacked by different types and scales of calamities and tribulations.”


“The Gu Immortals on Fire Bird Mountain are requesting for reinforcements!”


“Ghost fire is burning pin tree snowfield, if we don’t stop it on time, the ghost fire will destroy the whole snowfield.”


“The Hairy Man continent is being bombarded by lightning, one of the cities is already drowned by a tsunami!”


“A terrifying beast calamity has appeared in Mini Black Heaven, thousands of green claw ghost winged lions are hunting down soul beasts!”


Bad news came one after the other.


Combat Beast King subconsciously clenched his fists. Despite already being prepared mentally, when the calamities and tribulations really broke out, the severity of the losses made him unable to maintain his calm for some time.


But from start to finish, he maintained his solemn expression.


At this time, when all the Gu Immortals were panicking, as their backbone, he could not panic!


He sent out various commands, Star Collection City began to operate frantically. Manpower and resources were dispatched to every place as they began to deal with the calamities and tribulations.


But there were too many calamities and tribulations, not only was their range huge, they were of various types. Every calamity and tribulation needed to be dealt with using different methods.


This was an extremely difficult challenge to the Gu Immortals stationed in the sovereign immortal aperture.




