Chapter 2205: Black Fire


 News of the first Gu Immortal to be heavily injured and near death arrived.


Combat Beast King’s heart immediately tensed: “So quickly?”


His mood became even heavier.


The more casualties the Gu Immortals suffered, the lower the resistance the sovereign immortal aperture could put up. If this continued until a certain extent, the situation would be irredeemable, like an unstoppable avalanche.


Combat Beast King gritted his teeth: “Send the orders, Mini Black Heaven does not need to be saved, give up on rescuing any desolate beasts, ancient desolate beasts, and even immemorial desolate beasts! We will protect the large cities first, second are the important resource points. How are the results of the wisdom path Gu Immortals’ deductions?”


Star Collection City naturally had wisdom path Gu Immortals.


“We have not even deduced half of them, there are too many calamities and tribulations.” A wisdom path Gu Immortal said with sweat all over his head.


“Take out whatever results you have to deal with this situation first!” Combat Beast King almost stamped his foot.


The results were soon obtained, Combat Beast King made the decision on the spot, Star Collection City began to mobilize Gu Immortals.


“Oh?” Wu Shuai was the first to receive this command.


A strange expression flashed by his face before he slowly retreated.




In the short while of his fight with the flame monsters, flower mist extreme marsh was already completely destroyed, while the majority of the flame monsters still remained.


There were too many of them, even though Wu Shuai used all his strength, he could only eradicate a small portion of them.


These flame monsters’ target was already destroyed, so their hostility gathered on Wu Shuai.


Seeing Wu Shuai retreat, the flame monsters immediately chased after him.


Wu Shuai led them to the west and met another Gu Immortal midway. A group of qi monsters were chasing after this Gu Immortal.


The two Gu Immortals were in the center, but the flame monsters and qi monsters fought with each other.


“It is feasible indeed!”


“These calamities and tribulations are not formed naturally, but were created because of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s killer move.”


“Since they are only formed through luck path and is not controlled by heaven’s will, they are like an army without a leader. We can use calamities and tribulations to deal with calamities and tribulations.”


Wu Shuai was slightly happy.




This was the deduction result of the wisdom path Gu Immortals.


Some Gu Immortals gathered acidic rain, while some Gu Immortals directed the heavenly river towards the desert…


Under such operations, the sovereign immortal aperture’s situation finally eased.


“We have stabilized the situation!” Combat Beast King let out a breath of air. In just a short period of time, his face was covered with sweat.


Calamities and tribulations came too fiercely, if their reaction had been slightly slow, it might have resulted in destruction. Fortunately, they used every moment, seized the initiative, and stabilized the situation.


But this was far from enough.


Calamities and tribulations were still playing out in many places, those that could consume each other were only a small portion.


The whole sovereign immortal aperture was still being destroyed by calamities and tribulations, losses increased at every breath of time.


“The tribulation clouds above the flower mist extreme marsh have disappeared completely.”


“Most of the tribulation clouds above the pin tree snowfield have dissipated!”


“The dark inkstone mine is completely destroyed, but the tribulation clouds are also destroyed!”


“Something is wrong!!! There is an abnormal situation.”


“Reporting! Over twenty tribulation clouds all over the mini five regions are showing identical changes.”


“This is the… earth shaking heavenly light tribulation!”


Combat Beast King had just relaxed, when he heard the devastating news.


“This is bad!” His expression turned pale. From combining the information, in the map of the mini five regions in his mind, earth shaking heavenly light tribulations were appearing in crucial areas.


Bam bam bam…


Yellowish brown pillars of light shot out from tribulation clouds, the light pillars struck the ground and continued to pierce down into the ground.


A large amount of tribulation clouds swarmed into the yellowish brown light pillars. They suddenly lit up, and this light flowed down the light pillars into the depths of the ground.


Boom—!


Explosions rang, the earth shook fiercely.


Boom—!


Boom—!


Boom—!


Earth shaking light pillars in the mini five regions were continuing to exert power, earthquakes were becoming even more intense.


Terrifying shockwaves continued to expand. Everywhere they passed by, earth shook, mountains crumbled, rivers changed courses, and seas roared.


“This luck path method targets the resources in the immortal aperture. Now that those resource points are destroyed or damaged heavily, earth veins became the conspicuous target!”


“That’s why there are so many earth shaking heavenly light tribulations, they just happen to cover all the earth vein nodes and are seeking to destroy them.”


Wu Shuai’s face was cold as ice.


Although these calamities and tribulations triggered by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable did not have heaven’s will to control the overall situation, there would be this kind of change at the later part. It greatly made up for the lack of commands.


“However, you think the earth veins we constructed painstakingly can be destroyed so easily?”


Wu Shuai sneered, activating a formation.


Earth vein formation was activated, thick and grand aura spread rapidly. The powerful tremors underground were forcefully suppressed.


Next, the Gu Immortals dispatched by Star Collection City reached the tribulation areas, and began attacking earth shaking heavenly light pillars.


The huge heavenly light pillars began to break down one after the other. The sovereign immortal aperture’s Gu Immortals coordinated to get past this difficulty.


The tribulation clouds changed again. This time, they formed beast calamities in various areas. Immemorial desolate beast level golden steel earth rats emerged from everywhere and besieged the earth vein nodes.


Seven to eight earth vein nodes were destroyed before these golden steel earth rats were eradicated. A small portion of the earth rats were enslaved by Wu Shuai.


Tribulation clouds changed again, but they were still targeting earth veins.


The immortals defended the earth veins strongly using all their strength, they cooperated tightly.


Although earth vein nodes continued to decrease in number, the situation was turning for the better.


The calamities and tribulations were of all kinds, but their targets were still earth veins. This was a controllable factor, which brought a lot of convenience to the immortals.


Over ten or so calamities and tribulations targeted earth veins, but after they were repelled by the immortals, the tribulation clouds that covered the whole sovereign immortal aperture had mostly disappeared.


However, when the immortals thought the tribulations had finally passed, an aura that made the hearts of all living beings in the sovereign immortal aperture shake appeared all of a sudden!


At first, this aura was extremely small.


But soon, the aura grew rapidly in the deepest part of the tribulation clouds.


Amidst the immortals’ puzzled and terrified gazes, a fire burned in the depths of the tribulation clouds.


The fire was black!


The black fire had just appeared, when it burned all the remaining stubborn tribulation clouds.


The black fire grew rapidly, and started falling down. Wherever it passed by, be it ground or the air, they were all burned into nothingness.


The immortals breathed in sharply, the power of the black fire was horrifying, it was like the nemesis of all existences!


“Isn’t this black fire like the one in the dragon whale grotto-heaven? It actually appeared here! Giant Sun Immortal Venerable is truly formidable!” Wu Shuai’s heart jumped. Even an expert like him felt extreme threat from the black fire.


There was nothing else to say, the immortals used their methods to defend against the black fire.


However, all the methods were of no use.


Even when Fairy Miao Yin and Lady White Rabbit used all their strength, they could only extinguish a little of the black fire.


Moreover, once the black fire was destroyed to a certain extent, it would change form, transforming into black water, black lightning, and so on, killing many Gu Immortals who were caught off guard.


At the crucial moment, He Chun Qiu took action.


“Don’t panic! The main body also expected this scene, and taught me a countermeasure.” He Chun Qiu said as he activated a human path formation.


The human path formation had the thousand wish tree, and also the secluded domain of heaven and earth, Human Sea.


Bam bam bam…


Lumps of white light flew out from the formation.


These lumps of light were extremely large, they flew everywhere in the mini five regions. As long as the black fire spread, the white light would pounce on it.


The black fire was quickly dissipating, it changed its form again. But no matter what form it took, it was still continuing to be extinguished by the white light.


The white light’s effect was excellent, but the black fire continued to gather and grow.


“It will be really dangerous if this continues!”


“Human path killer moves are effective, but they cannot compare to the black fire’s growth.”


“What should we do?”


The immortals panicked.


“Oh no, black fire has appeared on Dang Hun Mountain and Luo Po Valley!”


“The earth vein formation is also being burned!”


The situation worsened rapidly, He Chun Qiu, Wu Shuai, and the rest were pale.


The situation was out of control!


The human path formation left behind by Fang Yuan was also implicated.


What to do?


These Gu Immortals had already tried their best, but they could do nothing.


They could only depend on Fang Yuan’s main body!


Fang Yuan’s main body was continuing to dodge, his whole body was bathed in blood, his hair were disheveled, and his arm was broken. He was in a miserable state.


He simply could not counterattack and gain any initiative against the two venerables. Five restriction profound light qi was forced to stop, one phrase could be used to describe the current Fang Yuan — hanging onto his last breath.


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s methods were truly terrifying and dealt with Fang Yuan’s methods by destroying their foundation.


The Gu Immortals left behind to guard the sovereign immortal aperture could do nothing more, their only hope lay with Fang Yuan.


But Fang Yuan did not have such an opportunity.


The two venerables attacked like a storm, arriving one after another, not giving him the chance to catch a breather.


“I must resolve the black fire!” Fang Yuan clenched his teeth. If he ignored the black fire, his sovereign immortal aperture would be as good as destroyed.


Immortal killer move — Hu Elevation!


Suddenly, a qi path killer move descended, temporarily blocking a venerable.


Qi Sea clone had made his move, he was finally freed from the shackles.


“Here I come!” Zhan Bu Du roared. He was freed from the responsibility of protecting Qi Sea, he rampaged and fought his way to Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.


Fang Yuan’s main body took the chance to retreat.


Immortal killer move — Humanly Flame Smoke!


He activated his method to save the human path formation first. Then, he coordinated with the human path formation to deal with the black fire that was scattered everywhere.


Burning white flames shrouded the black fire, and started tearing it apart.


The main body’s abilities were indeed extraordinary, the black fire’s growth was immediately impeded.


However, Zhan Bu Du and Qi Sea Ancestor were being beaten back.


“Paradise Earth!” Fang Yuan retreated towards Paradise Earth.


Paradise Earth took a deep breath, as he activated heavenly web protection veil once again.


With his help, Fang Yuan obtained a brief respite. When the two venerables broke the heavenly web, Zhan Bu Du and Qi Sea Ancestor arrived to reinforce him.


The battle had lasted until now, but the two venerables were unable to take Fang Yuan’s life. Both frowned.


Crazed Demon formation was shrinking rapidly, the limit on the venerables was being released.


Their attacks became increasingly terrifying, Fang Yuan could only flee miserably.


Immortal Gu House — Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress!


Fang Yuan hid inside the Immortal Gu House and activated a killer move. This move used ability Gu as the core, it had the effect of absorbing the black fire!


The deadlock inside the sovereign immortal aperture finally began turning for the better.


Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress protected Fang Yuan for a while before it was broken by the combined strength of the two venerables.


“Die!” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable suddenly used a vicious killer move.


“Protect me!” Fang Yuan cried out in alarm, he was unable to dodge in time.


At the crucial moment, Zhan Bu Du flew over and used his body to block the killer move.


Boom!


A huge explosion rang, Zhan Bu Du was torn into pieces, dying immediately.




