Chapter 2206: Fighting Over Eternal Life


 Fang Yuan’s eyelids twitched.


The other pseudo venerables’ hearts sank heavily.


On the contrary, the morale of Heavenly Court’s immortals surged.


Fang Yuan lost Zhan Bu Du, one of his main clones. Zhan Bu Du’s immortal aperture was also quickly absorbed by the Crazed Demon formation.


But fortunately, under the control of Zhan Bu Du’s will, his various Immortal Gu were sent in time to treasure yellow heaven.


However, black fire was still wreaking havoc in the sovereign immortal aperture!


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable attacked once again.


Fang Yuan clenched his teeth as he ordered the Qi Sea clone to block the calamity.


Qi Sea clone did not have tough body like Zhan Bu Du, his death was certain against Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s attack. But Fang Yuan could only choose to sacrifice this clone to protect himself.


However, at the next moment, starry paths shook and twisted, forming an azure sphere that trapped Qi Sea Ancestor.


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was caught unprepared, his killer move bombarded the starry path sphere and destroyed it instantly.




Giant Sun Immortal Venerable turned around to look at Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, the latter heaved a sigh.


Lu Wei Yin and the rest’s spirits shook. This was the first lapse in the cooperation of the two venerables!


This was really fortunate!


Qi Sea clone managed to escape death, he continued to protect Fang Yuan by his side.


The situation in the sovereign immortal aperture had only turned slightly better. As long as Fang Yuan let go of his control by even a slight bit, the situation would erupt again, and the whole immortal aperture would face destruction.


A huge sound rang as the void shook.


Crazed Demon Cave’s eighth layer disappeared completely, the final merged great world turned into nothingness, and countless living beings became sacrificial offerings.


The Door of Life and Death with the immortal graveyard flew away, they were stored by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable in her immortal aperture.


Crazed Demon Cave had a total of nine layers. The first seven layers were swept clean by Fang Yuan, the eighth layer was completely gone, only the final ninth layer remained.


And in the Crazed Demon formation in the center of the ninth layer, only the final truthful floating ice piece remained.




The three Crazed Demon Eccentrics were on the floating ice, they were activating practice Gu together, like they were carving the final part.


Seeing this scene, the immortals felt their mind shake, while Fang Yuan silently let out a sigh of relief.


The danger had passed!


He had finally passed the most difficult time.


Indeed, like Fang Yuan expected, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable did not attack him anymore. Both stopped on their spots, looking at each other.


The atmosphere changed subtly.


The two venerables had allied to get rid of the pseudo venerables. But Fang Yuan used every method he could to hold onto his last breath.


The venerables’ plan had failed.


Right now, the eternal life research results were already close to completion. The most important thing now was to seize these results!


Whoever tangled with those pseudo venerables would be giving the other venerable a chance.


“Success, we succeeded!” The three eccentrics slumped on the ground, shouting hoarsely and excitedly.


Immortal killer move — Luck Gamble!


The two venerables’ stalemate lasted for a while, when Qin Ding Ling came out of the starry paths.


She used the killer move once again, targeting Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.


Almost at the same time, Golden Hooped Great Immortal appeared again, using his golden hoop to trap Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.


Compared to Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable clearly held the upper hand.


As long as Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was struck by these methods, his combat system’s foundation would be hit, and he would fall into a disadvantage. Even if he were to not be hit, he would have to slow down for a while to deal with Qin Ding Ling and Golden Hooped Great Immortal.


With just those few minutes of advantage, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable might be able to last until the end and seize the eternal life research results.


However, right at this time, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable smiled: “Star Constellation, you have good methods, but you seem to have forgotten something?”


At the next moment, a rank eight Immortal Gu House suddenly shone brightly. Most of the void in the ninth layer was filled with this light.


It was Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace!


This Immortal Gu House was already placed in the Crazed Demon formation by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable. Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had used this to break out of the trap, Fang Yuan and others had also escaped alongside him.


From that moment onwards, this Immortal Gu House had been comprehending the Crazed Demon formation’s workings until it was shaken off.


Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace was not a piece of truthful floating ice after all. After it was thrown out, it hid deeply, and even Star Constellation Immortal Venerable seemed to have failed to sense it.


Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace was not simple, it had comprehended Crazed Demon formation’s workings and was compatible with this world.


Right now, it was activated by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable. It immediately affected the Crazed Demon formation and caused unrest in Limitless’ chains.


The Star Constellation Chessboard Formation that Star Constellation Immortal Venerable arranged had forcefully merged with Limitless’ chains and also restrained the various pseudo venerables, including Fang Yuan. It was already at its limits.


Right now, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable suddenly made his move, allowing the chains of Limitless to break free from the starry paths, thus causing the whole Star Constellation Chessboard Formation to collapse.


Guh.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable coughed out blood, she had suffered a terrifying backlash.


Using this chance, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable rushed forward, rapidly closing the distance between him and the Crazed Demon formation.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable did not have time to heal her injuries, she took out that mysterious secluded domain of heaven and earth once again.


This secluded domain was like a lantern and also like a bird cage.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable aimed the lantern-like secluded domain of heaven and earth at Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s back and shook it lightly.


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was immediately disturbed by immense emotions, his speed fell sharply.


Starlight specks shot out around Star Constellation Immortal Venerable as she gave chase.


Bam bam bam…


The two venerables fought, storms blew from the aftershock, the world shook intensely.


Fortunately, this was the void, otherwise, nothing would be left!


The two venerables held each other back, reaching that final mountain-like large truthful floating ice at almost the same time.


The two venerables suddenly stopped, their expressions were strange.


Pang Shan of the three eccentrics woke up at this time. He was extremely fat before, but was now skinny, as if all his essence had been drained.


“What happened?”


“Why are there still no eternal life results?!”


“We were just a little short!”


“But we don’t have any strength left…”


Pang Shan’s gaze was dim, he was not in the right condition. He seemed to have become crazy, murmuring to himself.


His voice awakened the other two immortals.


Secret Schemer’s expression was unsightly. He was slumped on the ground, and was barely able to cup his fists towards the two venerables: “Venerables, the eternal life research results are just lacking a step, no, half a step. As long as either of you activate practice Gu for a little while, this truthful floating ice will be carved successfully!”


The two venerables were silent.


This final truthful floating ice was not a small matter!


Whoever went in would not be able to come out for some time. If they wanted to come out, they needed to completely carve this truthful floating ice.


But was it that easy?


The eighth layer was destroyed, there were no more great worlds to provide fuel and clues to the Crazed Demon formation.


That was to say, they needed to contribute their own strength to carve this truthful floating ice.


The contribution amount was very crucial. If they needed to contribute too much, even if the venerable who entered the truthful floating ice held the lead, their battle strength would fall. Finally, they might play into the hands of the other venerable who was in a perfect state!


Be it Star Constellation Immortal Venerable or Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, they both had scruples. They stood silently for some time.


On the other side, the fight between the pseudo venerables and Heavenly Court Gu Immortals was still continuing.


“Duke Tong, don’t you like stopping me?” Demon Immortal Qi Jue smiled fiercely as he pointed with his finger.


Boom boom boom!


Qi spheres burst, Duke Tong exploded into pieces with not even a bone remaining.


“Endless spears!” Che Wei shouted, countless spears shot out from around him like a dense forest.


Lu Wei Yin charged through the spear forest and grabbed.


A yellowish-brown giant hand flew out and grabbed Che Wei.


“Without Star Constellation Chessboard Formation, even if you have unparalleled talent, how can you block me?” Lu Wei Yin sighed. The yellowish-brown giant hand clenched, forcefully pressing Che Wei into meat paste.


The Heavenly Court Gu Immortals were inferior to the pseudo venerables after all.


Previously, even inside Star Constellation Chessboard formation, these Heavenly Court Gu Immortals were hard pressed to block the pseudo venerables, they died constantly on the battlefield.


They relied on the immortal graveyard to revive and participate in the battle again, balancing their weak battle strength.


Now, without Star Constellation Chessboard formation and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable to control the overall situation, these Heavenly Court Gu Immortals immediately got outmatched. They were slaughtered one after the other, unable to block the pseudo venerables.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable snorted coldly when she saw this, immediately making a move to help.


How could Giant Sun Immortal Venerable let go of this chance, he immediately acted to block Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


The two venerables fought once again!


Both venerables had equal strength. Using the brief respite, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable opened his immortal aperture and let out Calamity Luck Altar.


At the same time, he transmitted his voice: “Bing Sai Chuan, go!”


Calamity Luck Altar quickly charged towards the truthful floating ice, Bing Sai Chuan received Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s command and flew into it.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable snorted as she shook the lantern again.


Calamity Luck Altar’s movement stopped immediately. Bing Sai Chuan, who was in charge of Calamity Luck Altar suddenly grasped his chest, he knelt down and started crying.


He blamed himself endlessly, sobbing: “It is all my fault, it is all my fault! I am wrong, I am to blame. If I was slightly stronger, I could have assisted master in defeating Heavenly Court and obtaining the eternal life research results. What is the point of my life? I have let down master. Sob sob sob… I should just die!”


Saying so, Bing Sai Chuan actually activated a killer move to kill himself!


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable sighed, he endured Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s attacks while summoning Calamity Luck Altar to his side.


Golden light flowed and entered Bing Sai Chuan’s body and mind.


With Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s help, Bing Sai Chuan broke free from the guilty emotions.


His head was covered in cold sweat, he felt lingering fear: “If not for master, I would have killed myself! This is Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s method? Master has been enduring such terrifying emotional torture all along?”


As he thought of this, fear rose in Bing Sai Chuan’s heart.


His face was pale as he slumped on the ground, his body shivering intensely.


He opened his mouth and breathed heavily, but still felt suffocation.


His heart was filled with fear, he was scaring himself to death!


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable took action and saved Bing Sai Chuan once again.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable smiled. She got a hold of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s weakness, she also bullied him for not having an excellent method to revive his subordinates.


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had to avoid colliding with her, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable opened her immortal aperture, letting out Qin Ding Ling and the other immortals.


These Gu Immortals were killed by Lu Wei Yin’s group, but had revived shortly after in the immortal graveyard.


The moment these people exited Star Constellation’s immortal aperture, they spread out and flew towards the truthful floating ice.




