Chapter 2208: True Eternal Life


 The most shocked person was Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


She had penetrated incredibly deeply into Crazed Demon Cave and Limitless’ formation. Even after countless investigations, she did not notice that Limitless’ revival method was in this Crazed Demon Cave.


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had the same investigation results as her.


Precisely so, the two venerables fought so intensely earlier.


But the truth was in front of them, Limitless Demon Venerable had actually managed to revive.


“Don’t tell me, when the final piece of truthful floating ice was successfully carved, Limitless Demon Venerable revived and attained eternal life in one step?” Fang Yuan was also shaken.


Fang Yuan could also sense acutely that the current Limitless Demon Venerable’s aura far surpassed the other two venerables.


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable could feel this difference even more deeply.


Facing Limitless Demon Venerable, they seemed to be up against towering mountains and vast oceans.


“This is not in line with historical records, did Limitless Demon Venerable really surpass the venerables and attain eternal life?” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s eyes flickered with golden light.


“His current condition is extremely strange, his aura is so strong that even master cannot compare to him.” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was shocked and suspicious.




Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable looked at each other and moved at the same time, attacking Limitless Demon Venerable with fierce methods.


Limitless Demon Venerable smiled lightly, chains flew around in a spiral, easily resolving the methods of the two venerables.


The two venerables were shocked internally but their fighting spirit soared, they launched even stronger killer moves in response.


Limitless Demon Venerable only defended instead of attacking, even after a few rounds of barraging, they did not manage to harm a hair of Limitless Demon Venerable.


Limitless let out a soft sound as he waved his hands, at once, space rippled, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable retreated immediately.


Paradise Earth and Fang Yuan did not dare to linger either, they quickly dodged.


At once, around a thousand steps of Limitless Demon Venerable, other than Not Immortal and Secret Schemer, there was nobody else.


Giant Sun had a grim expression.


Star Constellation had a deep gaze that flickered with starlight, she seemed to be making deductions with her full strength.


Limitless Demon Venerable smiled: “I do not wish to be enemies with all of you. The fruit of eternal life has been obtained after a million years, but I have not truly tested it yet.”




“How do you want to test it?” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable asked.


“Watch.” Limitless Demon Venerable turned around slightly.


All the immortals stared fixedly.


At the original spot that Limitless Demon Venerable was in, a tiny hole appeared.


Through this hole, the Gu Immortals could see a vast sea of — Chaos!


It seemed like black, yet it was not black. It seemed like white, yet it was not white.


If one said it was light, it would be light. If one said it was darkness, it would be darkness.


Almost no descriptive word in the world could accurately describe it.


Because chaos was just chaos after all.


Chaos was the greatest calamity!


“You lunatic, you actually broke the world boundary again, aren’t you afraid that the entire world will be destroyed?” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable called out.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable also added in with a solemn tone: “Limitless, I know about your aspiration. But if you intend to go ahead with this and destroy the five regions and two heavens, even if I have to sacrifice my life alongside Heavenly Court, we will exterminate you!”


“Both of you, calm down. The hole is not big, I merely want to test the result of this eternal life. Us venerables are invincible in the world, yet we are plagued by tribulations that originate from this chaos.”


“Of the venerables here, who has not gotten injured from the chaos? Who has not suffered an ordeal because of it?”


“Crazed Demon Cave has been active for a million years, there is one most clear indicator if we want to know if the eternal life obtained is successful.”


Saying this, Limitless Demon Venerable extended his arm into the hole.


The other venerables and the various Gu Immortals held their breaths subconsciously, staring at him fixedly.


Limitless Demon Venerable did not activate any killer move, he was using his own body to do this experiment.


He was simply too daring!


Even Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable would never attempt this.


Even though they could last for some time in the chaos, that was the result of them using their full strength to defend their bodies.


If they acted like Limitless Demon Venerable, who did not put up any defense, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable would be completely obliterated with just a slight touch of the chaos! Unless they managed to cut off the body part in time.


Limitless Demon Venerable placed his arm in simply like this, after a while, he pulled back his arm.


His arm was pitch-black, it seemed like charcoal created after a tree was completely burnt.


But when he clenched his arm, the ‘black charcoal’ on the surface instantly vanished into thin air, exposing a slightly smaller arm.


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s mouth was wide open as he said dejectedly: “Is this… the true realm of eternal life?!”


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable sigh to herself: “I understand why I did not deduce it now. When you created Crazed Demon Cave, you had constantly been making use of the chaos outside the world. You lunatic!”


Back then, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable nearly destroyed the world, the reason was that he created a huge hole.


And at the deepest part of Limitless’ formation, he broke the world boundary and created a tiny hole.


If there was a commotion in the Crazed Demon formation and this tiny hole became larger, it would be trouble. The entire Gu world might be destroyed as a result.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable called Limitless a lunatic, she was not wrong at all.


For the last million years, the world had been on the brink of destruction. And the reason for this was Limitless Demon Venerable.


Limitless Demon Venerable looked at his arm and sighed softly, replying Star Constellation Immortal Venerable: “In my previous life, I had already reached the end of the road. Even when I asked the Heavenly Dao, there was no possibility of eternal life. I was pitifully restrained by fate Gu, after searching long and hard, through laborious planning, I designed this Crazed Demon Cave. I simply had no other choice but to use this method.”


“But to play safe, I involved Heavenly Court in this.”


“With you guys around, even if a problem occurred in the Crazed Demon formation and the hole got larger, you would do your best to fix it.”


Hearing this, how could Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s expression possibly be amicable?


She realized now that the reason why Limitless Demon Venerable drew her into the gamble was not just because he needed her wisdom path attainment or Heavenly Court’s strength to derive new heaven path research results. The deeper intention was to bring in Heavenly Court’s involvement as an assurance.


If Crazed Demon Cave became a problem, Heavenly Court would have to clean up after Limitless Demon Venerable.


But because of Heavenly Court’s perspective, they would spare no expense in repairing it, they would be willing to do so in fact!


“But…” Limitless Demon Venerable added: “This is still not at the level of eternal life. Don’t you think so too, Paradise Earth?”


Paradise Earth nodded slowly and expressionlessly.


Fang Yuan had some sort of realization, the true realm of eternal life would be complete indestructibility against the chaos. Limitless Demon Venerable had clearly not reached that stage yet.


“Just a bit more, I am lacking by just a bit.” Limitless Demon Venerable continued to shake his head, sighing deeply.


He turned his gaze towards Demon Immortal Qi Jue: “Qi Jue, Qi Jue, can you lend me a hand?”


Demon Immortal Qi Jue snorted coldly: “Why must I help you?”


Limitless Demon Venerable took out practice Gu, smiling: “This Immortal Gu was prepared for you to begin with, Qi Jue, for this moment, I have already waited for you for over a million years.”


Demon Immortal Qi Jue laughed loudly until tears flowed out: “So my revival was really part of your schemes. Hahaha, too laughable, simply too laughable. This is so disappointing, so disappointing!”


He was not mocking Limitless Demon Venerable, he was laughing at himself.


He had always felt resentful and unresigned after losing to Limitless Demon Venerable. After revival, he had always wanted to take revenge.


But at this moment, he finally understood the huge gap between him and Limitless Demon Venerable.


Limitless Demon Venerable was quiet as he watched Demon Immortal Qi Jue cry and laugh, afterwards, he tossed practice Gu to the latter.


Demon Immortal Qi Jue had a complex expression at this moment.


He recalled the scene of the deepest memory he had.


“Limitless, you want to become a venerable, but did you ask me? With me around, you can dream on about becoming a venerable!” Demon Immortal Qi Jue sneak attacked Limitless Demon Venerable and succeeded.


Because he knew that once Limitless became a venerable, he would no longer have a chance of winning.


This battle lasted nine days and nights.


Thereafter, Demon Immortal Qi Jue lost.


His eyes were blood red as he called out to Limitless Demon Venerable: “You have passed the tribulation long ago and became a venerable already. Why did you seal your own cultivation level to fight to the death with me?”


Limitless Demon Venerable was bathed in blood, he had struggled at death’s doors several times during the intense battle.


He smiled lightly: “Because you are my Dao Guardian, only when I am at the brink of death can I understand the true relationship between a venerable and their Dao Guardian. And the truth has been proven, my guess was not wrong after all. I have already comprehended the secret behind the Dao Guardian.”


Demon Immortal Qi Jue stared with wide eyes: “To prove such a guess, you even disregarded your own life? Even though you had already become a venerable, even though you are already invincible in the world?!”


Limitless Demon Venerable replied plainly: “Even though I became a venerable, this is merely another cultivation level. Compared to this, I would prefer to pursue the Great Dao.”


…


“Limitless, oh Limitless. Even a million years cannot change your nature. You are still that Limitless I know!” Demon Immortal Qi Jue pointed at Demon Immortal Qi Jue and shouted.


Limitless Demon Venerable smiled: “Like how I am still Limitless, you are also still that Demon Immortal Qi Jue, right?”


Demon Immortal Qi Jue gritted his teeth, he seemed to have become too helpless to rage, he grabbed practice Gu and flew towards Limitless Demon Venerable: “You are right, I am still me. Then let’s do it!”


Bright light flashed in Limitless Demon Venerable’s eyes: “Good! You are my Dao Guardian, our destinies are intertwined, according to my deduction, only with the help of the Dao Guardian can a venerable go one step further, to break through the realm of venerable and attain eternal life!”


Demon Immortal Qi Jue gritted his teeth: “Then let me see what is true eternity!”


Saying so, he activated practice Gu.


The light of practice Gu enveloped Limitless Demon Venerable’s entire body.


Limitless Demon Venerable’s body expanded rapidly, he went from a normal person’s size to a ten foot giant.


In contrast, Demon Immortal Qi Jue became weaker and weaker, his aura fell to rock bottom, he had no choice but to stop using practice Gu.


As for Limitless Demon Venerable’s aura, it was completely concealed, no different from an ordinary mortal.


But anyone could tell that the current Limitless Demon Venerable had become powerful to a point which nobody could fathom. Because even against the investigative killer moves of the various immortals, he was no different than a common man.


The immortals could not see through him!


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, Paradise Earth, and the others did not move, they watched in anticipation.


Even if they wanted to stop him, it would be too difficult.


Limitless Demon Venerable took in a deep breath before stretching his arm into the hole of the world boundary again.


A moment later, he pulled back his arm, it was completely intact!




