Chapter 2210: Paradise Earths Death


“Paradise Earth, I am willing to share my truthful floating ice with you. Right now, we cannot afford to leave each other in the lurch, we must be united and work together.” Fang Yuan shouted.


Paradise Earth nodded: “Fang Yuan, you are right!”


Saying so, he made his move.


But he disregarded Fang Yuan, he targeted a piece of truthful floating ice.


The truthful floating ice was quickly kept in Paradise Earth’s immortal aperture.


At the same time, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable targeted that largest truthful floating ice again!


As long as he obtained this, he would be the biggest winner in this Crazed Demon Cave situation. The two venerables were unable to defeat each other, if Giant Sun Immortal Venerable wanted to leave, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable could not stop him.


“Don’t think about it!” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had a cold gaze.


Bam.


Killer moves collided, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable managed to repel Giant Sun Immortal Venerable again, but she could not stop Paradise Earth in time.


Heaven path method!




The heaven path method that Paradise Earth used to take the truthful floating ice was very profound, his aura was initially concealed to the limit, even the two venerables could not detect it. After activation, the move was extremely fast, even Star Constellation Immortal Venerable could not stop it in time, allowing Paradise Earth to succeed!


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable sighed deeply, she took out that mysterious secluded domain of heaven and earth again.


This secluded domain of heaven and earth looked like a lantern, once Star Constellation Immortal Venerable used her killer move, she lifted the lantern and shined it on all the Gu Immortals.


At the next moment, a tsunami made of endless emotions surged into the immortals’ hearts!


Their expressions changed abruptly, they resisted with difficulty.


Fang Yuan activated fortitude Gu while Giant Sun Immortal Venerable instilled immortal essence into familial emotion Gu, Paradise Earth activated the killer move emotionless heaven and earth instead to resolve it.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable snickered, she took out Book Mountain again.


Book Mountain shined with dazzling light, all sorts of killer moves were replicated and unleashed on the Gu Immortals.


There was Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s method, Qi Sea Ancestor’s and Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s killer moves, Paradise Earth’s killer move, and even Limitless Demon Venerable’s method!


At this moment, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable finally unleashed her full strength, using the two killer moves with these two secluded domains of heaven and earth as the cores to suppress everyone that was currently present.




Her expression paled immediately, the starlight specks around her dimmed, she had consumed over ten billion thoughts to do this, they were nearly fully expended.


Using this time, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable activated Book Mountain, Limitless’ chains flew out to grab the truthful floating ice and send it into her immortal aperture.


This truthful floating ice was not the biggest one, but it contained an Immortal Gu!


Nobody noticed this Immortal Gu except Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


Precisely because of it, she was willing to temporarily give up the largest truthful floating ice piece and grabbed this smaller piece first.


After collecting the Immortal Gu, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable immediately stopped her killer move, she stored away Book Mountain and focused on defense.


Her action was very wise.


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable could no longer control himself.


At the next moment, he shouted loudly, golden light shot out fiercely with his retaliation.


Attacks rained down harshly, forcing Star Constellation Immortal Venerable to retreat continuously, she was like a helpless floating duckweed in the storm.


Using this opportunity, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable took a piece of the truthful floating ice as well.


This was not the largest truthful floating ice piece, but it was the one closest to Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.


Because he knew that he could only suppress Star Constellation Immortal Venerable for a few breaths of time, there was no time to take the largest truthful floating ice!


As expected, at the next moment, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable recovered and attacked Giant Sun Immortal Venerable again.


The two venerables fought intensely, because they were using their full strength while trying to get the truthful floating ice pieces, they did not have the time or energy to spend on other matters. This gave the pseudo venerables a good chance.


Fang Yuan and Paradise Earth took three or four pieces each.


Lu Wei Yin, Shen Shang, and Qi Sea also obtained one or two pieces.


Not long after, the truthful floating ice fragments were all taken except for that final largest piece!


The two venerables had considerable injuries now, their attempts to take it were all thwarted by the other party.


The two venerables raced against time, attacking the pseudo venerables again.


This time, they fought with more motivation. After all, the pseudo venerables all had some truthful floating ice pieces on them.


“Oh?” While the two venerables suppressed the pseudo venerables, they started to feel a little surprised.


Because Paradise Earth was displaying greater battle strength than before!


Almost every breath of time, his strength grew by some extent, his aura was already inching closer to the level of a rank nine venerable now.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s eyes shined with bright light: “So that’s it. Paradise Earth, because you converted to cultivating heaven path, and because this truthful floating ice is closely related to heaven path, you can draw strength from it to raise your cultivation level, this is a brilliant method!”


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable spoke with a tone of admiration, but her killing intent surged correspondingly as well.


Earlier, when Fang Yuan asked for help, Paradise Earth ignored him to snatch that truthful floating ice, so this was the reason!


Evidently, as long as he could get sufficient truthful floating ice pieces, Paradise Earth would be able to alleviate the flaw of being prematurely revived and become a venerable again.


And this time, he would not be an earth path venerable, but most uniquely, a heaven path venerable!


Once Paradise Earth became a heaven path venerable, his strength would likely rise up to the top of the world.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable were not going to sit around and watch this happen.


Fate Gu had been destroyed, the entire world was pretty much ruled by them. Nobody would want to see the return of Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable, especially when this Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable would have far greater strength than them!


There was no communication, the two venerables worked together for the third time.


This time, they gave up on Fang Yuan, focusing on Paradise Earth instead.


Paradise Earth activated heaven path killer moves consecutively to block the two venerables’ attacks, but soon, he showed signs of being unable to continue.


Even though the heaven path methods were vast and profound, the two venerables had greater strength now.


Paradise Earth fell into a life-and-death crisis, he shouted at the rest: “Please lend me a hand!”


Lu Wei Yin and Shen Shang hesitated for a moment before tossing their truthful floating ice pieces into treasure yellow heaven at almost the same time.


Paradise Earth took the truthful floating ices from treasure yellow heaven and quickly used them to raise his cultivation level.


His aura grew once more, he was only inches away from reaching venerable level.


“I am only one step away, Fang Yuan!” Paradise Earth transmitted urgently.


Fang Yuan snickered: “I can give you the truthful floating ice, but Paradise Earth, can you pay a sufficient price that will satisfy me?”


Paradise Earth gritted his teeth, he immediately sent the Northern Plains Paradise Earth true inheritance into treasure yellow heaven, along with all sorts of heaven path killer moves and his own heaven path cultivation experiences.


Of course, the most important thing was the alliance agreement.


To get the most crucial truthful floating ice, Paradise Earth made a huge concession!


Fang Yuan placed a small piece of the truthful floating ice into treasure yellow heaven, the two quickly made the transaction.


“Haha, Paradise Earth, you can have the final truthful floating ice pieces too!” After the transaction was done, Fang Yuan shouted loudly.


Paradise Earth’s heart shook.


Indeed, at the next moment, both venerables erupted with killer moves surrounding Paradise Earth, barraging him with attacks!


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable raised the lantern high up, endless emotions assaulted his heart.


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable grabbed with his hands continuously, attacking Paradise Earth’s luck.


Paradise Earth was covered in terrifying injuries, he was like a mortal hanging on a cliff, moments away from dying.


Shen Shang, Lu Wei Yin, and even Fang Yuan and Qi Sea Ancestor attacked from afar, using killer moves to try to help out Paradise Earth.


But it was no use!


Paradise Earth gritted his teeth, struggling desperately. The truthful floating ice melted gradually, helping him to push to the level of a venerable once again!


But at the crucial moment, Paradise Earth’s killer move had a peculiar mistake.


The killer move failed and the backlash triggered, Paradise Earth’s cultivation level was stuck at the final step.


The two venerables’ attacks arrived and instantly engulfed Paradise Earth.


“Quickly save him!” Lu Wei Yin shouted and was the first to move.


The other pseudo venerables’ hearts jumped too as they took action.


The two venerables were not willing to see Paradise Earth getting saved, they chased after him too.


The pseudo venerables used all their strengths and disregarded their own danger, managing to block Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s attacks with great difficulty.


But Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s starlight still hit Paradise Earth’s body.


Paradise Earth shouted loudly, veins bulged on his face as he used all his strength to activate a killer move.


With his defensive killer move broken, his body became covered in countless holes that were ravaged by the starlight, but his healing method was still effective, Paradise Earth was forcefully holding onto his last breath.


At this time, Qi Sea made a move, shielding Fang Yuan, who quickly got closer to Paradise Earth’s side.


“Fang Yuan!” Lu Wei Yin and Shen Shang jolted, the light of hope shined in their eyes.


The two venerables’ expressions sank slightly.


Right as Fang Yuan was about to save Paradise Earth…


Boom!


Fang Yuan’s palm slammed onto Paradise Earth’s back and penetrated his chest.


Paradise Earth was already at his last breath, Fang Yuan’s attack was the fatal blow that he could not endure.


At the moment before his death, Paradise Earth’s eyes stared wide as he grabbed Fang Yuan’s hand.


“Paradise Earth, rest in peace.” Fang Yuan smiled lightly.


At the next moment, Paradise Earth’s dwindling aura dissipated entirely.


He died with eyes wide open!


The entire scene shook.


The two venerables looked at Fang Yuan with peculiar expressions.


Lu Wei Yin’s lips were trembling, he broke the silence and shouted in a hoarse voice: “Fang Yuan, what have you done?!”


“Fang Yuan, this…” Shen Shang’s eyeballs were almost going to pop out.


Qi Sea Ancestor stopped beside Fang Yuan’s main body, showing a strange expression as well.


Everyone knew that in this situation with two unrivaled venerables, Paradise Earth was their only hope of resisting them. But the one who killed this hope was not the two venerables, but Fang Yuan himself!


Was Fang Yuan crazy?


He actually did something like this!


It was too absurd.


“Something’s not right.” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable muttered to himself.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable frowned slightly as well but did not speak.


The two venerables saw that Fang Yuan was keeping away Paradise Earth’s corpse into sovereign immortal aperture so calmly, they sensed a slight change in the atmosphere.


“Fang Yuan, how are we going to get out of this?” Shen Shang asked anxiously.


“Without Lord Paradise Earth, how can we resist the two venerables?!” Lu Wei Yin was stomping his feet and staring at Fang Yuan angrily.


Fang Yuan smiled plainly: “It is simple, wouldn’t it be fine if I am a venerable?”


Saying so, he no longer concealed his aura, exposing it at this moment.


Rank nine cultivation level!


At once, the entire battlefield went silent.


“Mere tricks.” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable snorted coldly, starlight flowed like water as it surged towards Fang Yuan.


Fang Yuan breathed out lightly, a qi tide poured out and blocked all the starlight.


At the other end, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable also tried to probe, golden needles shot down like a torrential rain.


Fang Yuan waved his hand, red aurora filled the sky, incinerating all of the golden needles.


The pupils of the two venerables shrank.


Lu Wei Yin, Shen Shang, and even Fang Yuan’s clone, Qi Sea Ancestor, were tongue-tied.


Even against the attacks of the two venerables, Fang Yuan blocked them perfectly, he displayed genuine rank nine cultivation level!


Did he really become a venerable?!




