Chapter 2211: Fang Yuan Becomes Venerable!


Rumble…


Fang Yuan’s killer moves shot out, forcing Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable to retreat.


“What in the world is going on?”


“Since when did Fang Yuan become a venerable?!”


Lu Wei Yin and Shen Shang watched as Fang Yuan fought the two venerables, they had complex emotions and asked Qi Sea Ancestor urgently.


Qi Sea Ancestor was also confused, he smiled bitterly: “I had no clue either.”


Lu Wei Yin and Shen Shang were speechless, Fang Yuan had hid this so deeply that he even deceived his own clone!


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable remained silent.


Because they found that Fang Yuan’s strength had vaguely surpassed either of them!


He was still a rank eight pseudo venerable earlier, how did he turn into a genuine rank nine so suddenly?!


The two venerables were very confused and suspicious.




“Strange, strange, very strange!” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable attacked fiercely, golden light rained down with imposing might.


Fang Yuan responded with a shout, his prepared method was activated, forcefully suppressing the overwhelming golden light.


“The dao marks on his body far surpass Giant Sun Immortal Venerable!” Seeing this, Lu Wei Yin and the rest felt their hearts jumping.


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable took in a deep breath of cold air secretly, he focused his eyes and activated a method.


At the next moment, his vision changed, he started to observe the luck above Fang Yuan’s head.


Initially, Fang Yuan’s luck was completely hidden, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable could only see Cooking Luck Pot.


But soon, after Giant Sun Immortal Venerable intensified the force of this move and golden blood flowed out of his eyes, he finally got through Cooking Luck Pot’s defense and saw Fang Yuan’s true luck.


He saw a silver pillar of light that connected heaven and earth, it was grand and condensed.


At the base of the silvery pillar, there was a brown grave, it had mostly dissipated now, only a small part was left.


Seeing this, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had a thought, he sighed to himself: “This is Paradise Earth’s luck, on one hand, it can stabilize the foundation of the silver light pillar, but on the other hand, it is also digging away and replacing Fang Yuan’s foundation. It was the biggest threat to Fang Yuan’s luck initially, now that he killed Paradise Earth, this threat has been removed! This remaining part of the grave is the foundation of Paradise Earth that Fang Yuan has yet to devour completely.”




Giant Sun Immortal Venerable raised his head again, looking at the top of the silver light pillar.


Earlier when they joined forces, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had observed Fang Yuan’s luck. Compared to then, Fang Yuan’s silver light pillar was no longer blocked by three clouds at the top.


It shot right through them, truly looking like it was holding up the heavens and supporting the earth!


The three clouds could only revolve around the top part of the silver pillar.


This meant that the three venerables could no longer hold Fang Yuan down.


Among the three clouds, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s cloud had turned into a golden-blood colored cloud, it was at the top. Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s and Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s clouds were below his, they seemed to have the trend of tearing apart.


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was moved again: “Is this hinting that Spectral Soul Demon Venerable is quickly breaking free from Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s control?”


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was not surprised.


Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was someone on the same level as Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, it was already an incredibly shocking achievement that she could control him. But it was unrealistic to try fully controlling a venerable.


“If Spectral Soul Demon Venerable escapes from Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s control later, what will happen?”


“No matter what, in terms of luck alone, Fang Yuan has truly become a venerable!”


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable believed in his own luck path methods, he was finally convinced at this moment.


At this time, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable looked towards Fang Yuan with some rage in his eyes.


How did Fang Yuan become a venerable in the blink of an eye?


Looking at his expression and attitude, it seemed like he held indifference towards rank nine cultivation level, what did he take this venerable status as?


If rank nine venerables could appear so easily, then what would Giant Sun Immortal Venerable amount to?


What would the past venerables amount to?


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was also considering rapidly: “Fang Yuan has rank nine cultivation level indeed. I underestimated his craftiness and shrewdness! When did he become a venerable? Did he have this cultivation level from the start? All the signs do not point to that possibility. He had secretly become a venerable during a certain moment in the Crazed Demon Cave battle. But… he clearly lacked attainment level.”


In the contest in Primordial Domain, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable ganged up on Fang Yuan and destroyed the refinement path portion of the Primordial Domain.


“Wait!” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable suddenly turned his head, retreating as he looked at Fang Yuan, asking: “Did the Thieving Heaven true inheritance contain refinement path true meaning? So you had the necessary refinement path attainment level long ago.”


Fang Yuan smiled, but his attacks became even fiercer.


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was sent flying by consecutive attacks.


Using this timing, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable shot out countless flying stars that flew like lightning, landing on Fang Yuan’s back one after another.


Fang Yuan staggered from the hit, he almost lost his balance and fell forward.


But immediately after, he straightened his back and wiped it with his hand.


Starlight specks were shining intensely on his back, they were the dao marks left behind by the flying stars.


But after Fang Yuan wiped them, all of these dao marks were refined into his own!


The power of rank nine refinement path!


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s heart jumped.


It was terrible to her that Fang Yuan had such a method. Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s combat system did not excel in powerful individual offensive methods, she mainly relied on consecutive hits. And the key to these consecutive hits were the dao marks that the flying stars left behind.


With these dao marks, the following flying stars would be able to deal increasingly greater damage to the enemy.


But Fang Yuan refined these dao marks into his own, the flying star consecutive move was easily broken.


If Star Constellation Immortal Venerable continued to use this move, she would not be fighting Fang Yuan but funding him instead!


Fang Yuan easily got rid of the flying star consecutive move and launched his own counterattack.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable could not deal with him head on, she had to temporarily retreat.


“He is very proficient with this refinement path killer move, it shows that Fang Yuan came prepared. But he held back the entire time, waiting for the final moment of this Crazed Demon Cave fight and after he became rank nine to utilize this trump card!”


At this moment, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable finally understood the true extent of Fang Yuan’s craftiness.


The killer move was prepared long ago, otherwise, it could not be used so quickly after Fang Yuan became rank nine. If he used it earlier, the effect would be great too, but he refused to activate it, causing Star Constellation Immortal Venerable to assume that he was helpless against the flying star killer move.


At the final battle, he used it and caught Star Constellation Immortal Venerable off guard immediately.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable suddenly had a flash of inspiration, she realized a portion of the truth at this moment as she spoke: “Fang Yuan, well done, you purposely did that during the Primordial Domain contest. You purposely held back and gave up on competing for Primordial Domain, thus Giant Sun and I destroyed the refinement path part of the Primordial Domain. You were purposely pretending to be weak so that we would look down on and put less attention on you!”


Hearing these words, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s heart lit up, he could not help but feel more anger towards Fang Yuan.


Fang Yuan remained smiling as he said plainly: “Star Constellation, you are thinking too highly of me.”


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable smiled coldly: “Fang Yuan, don’t think of deceiving us anymore. Regardless of whether Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance had refinement path true meaning, before you entered Primordial Domain, you were already extremely close to supreme grandmaster attainment level. After entering Primordial Domain, you realized that even if you gave up a portion of the refinement path Primordial Domain, you could still become a refinement path supreme grandmaster by yourself.”


“Thus, you purposely held back and let Giant Sun and I seemingly ruin your chances of becoming a venerable.”


“There were many benefits in this.”


“Firstly, becoming a venerable would mean breaking through the Heavenly Dao blockade, you would need to undergo tribulation and it carries many risks, you have to find the right timing to do so. Once you become a supreme grandmaster openly, we would be on guard against you.”


“Secondly, even if you became a venerable quickly, before the three worlds united, Limitless’ eternal life result was still far away from us, everyone needed to wait. Furthermore, because of Limitless’ retaliation, even if you became a venerable, you could not use your strength.”


“Thirdly, if you were not a venerable, we would subconsciously ignore you. In our minds, even if Paradise Earth was just a pseudo venerable, he was still more threatening than you.”


“Finally, everyone was holding back during the Crazed Demon Cave battle, a lot of trump cards were not revealed. For example, you did not know how much I had infiltrated the Crazed Demon formation. Thus, you concealed your methods and waited for the situation to become clearer, after we went through our methods, before trying to claim victory!”


While defending against Fang Yuan’s attacks, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable analyzed and exposed Fang Yuan’s schemes to everyone.


Be they Giant Sun Immortal Venerable or Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, they did not want a third venerable contesting with them.


Paradise Earth was the best example.


He was trying to become a venerable under the attention of the two venerables, in the end, he got heavily injured because of them.


As Giant Sun Immortal Venerable listened to Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s explanation, his mind became increasingly clear.


With a loud howling sound, he stepped on a giant golden aurora and charged at Fang Yuan.


At the same time, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable also pincer attacked Fang Yuan from another direction.




