Chapter 2220: Blending of Black and White


Li Xiao Bai followed several information path Gu Immortals, they carefully waited in ambush.


“Xiao Bai, black and white heaven are fusing together now, the commotion is huge and the environment is dangerous. Later, when the hound groups fly over, you should focus on watching rather than taking action, do you understand?” A rank seven information path Gu Immortal instructed.


Li Xiao Bai quickly nodded: “Yes, I will listen to the seniors.”


He was acting obediently, without the arrogance of a great scholar, all the information path Gu Immortals here had a good impression of him.


Li Xiao Bai had become a rank six long ago, he was an information path Gu Immortal. Because of his talent, he was also the most favored Gu Immortal junior in Profound Literature grotto-heaven.


These information path Gu Immortals came from Profound Literature grotto-heaven, they were at least second-grade officials in the grotto-heaven’s Imperial Court.


Profound Literature grotto-heaven had a special system, Gu Immortals entered the Imperial Court and most of them held important positions and roles. After Li Xiao Bai became a Gu Immortal, he also started to work for the Imperial Court.


The only exception was Old Immortal Hua Yu.


He had rank eight cultivation level and stayed in the background, controlling the entire situation.


“They’re here.” After a while, the Gu Immortal in charge of investigation spoke.


The immortals quickly displayed several killer moves, they concealed themselves even more deeply.




Soon, Li Xiao Bai saw a group of remnant heavenly dogs running towards them while stepping on air.


These were all space path ancient desolate beasts, they ate space path Gu worms as food.


“A total of three hundred and sixty-eight remnant heavenly dogs, and four heaven swallowing hounds.” Li Xiao Bai cultivated information path, he was most skilled at collecting information, after taking a glance at them, he noticed the size of this hound group.


Remnant heavenly dogs were ancient desolate beasts, after they grew to an extent, they would become heaven swallowing hounds.


Heaven swallowing hounds were immemorial desolate beasts that ate nine heavens fragments, grotto-heaven, and blessed lands as food. They had always been a huge threat to the two heavens’ grotto-heavens.


As the dog group continued to approach, Profound Literature grotto-heaven’s Gu Immortals started to work together, they secretly used a killer move.


This killer move had no commotion or sound, it spread out rapidly.


Initially, the dog group had no change, but after more than ten breaths of time, three heaven swallowing hounds stopped and bared their fangs, looking in the same direction with expressions of vigilance.


The final heaven swallowing hound also slowed down.


The four heaven swallowing hounds barked at the same place for a while, afterwards, three of the heaven swallowing hounds brought most of the remnant heavenly dogs to move on another route, towards a different direction.




The final heaven swallowing hound brought more than twenty remnant heavenly dogs as they continued on their original path.


The Gu Immortals of Profound Literature grotto-heaven had been hiding all along, after the dog group left their field of vision, they showed themselves and sighed in relief.


“Alright, it has been settled.”


“Most of the hounds have been misled by us, they think that direction has sumptuous food, but there are soul beasts there instead.”


“Haha, we have also used information path methods on those soul beasts, once the dog group goes there, they will think that the soul beasts are hiding an immortal aperture. They will kill each other without us taking action.”


“The remaining heaven swallowing hound was not tricked by us, it likely has the protection of an Immortal Gu. But with this number that we lured over, Lord Hua Yu has enough to work with.”


“Xiao Bai, did you see clearly? When your cultivation level rises to rank seven in the future, you need to complete such missions often as well. Our Profound Literature grotto-heaven cannot move and is placed in one spot in the sky, but we need to resolve lots of problems before they even occur.”


Li Xiao Bai immediately answered: “I will work harder!”


These Gu Immortals immediately moved along the direction that the heaven swallowing hound went earlier.


This heaven swallowing hound brought a few remnant heavenly dogs with it, getting ambushed midway by the battlefield killer move that Old Immortal Hua Yu set up in advance.


After a large battle, the heaven swallowing hound died. There was a wild Immortal Gu after all, but it was destroyed in the battle.


There were some remaining remnant heavenly dogs that managed to survive, they escaped along the cracks of the battlefield killer move.


They were space path beasts after all, running away was their expertise.


But afterwards, they met with Li Xiao Bai’s group.


After a few rounds of killer moves, these remnant heavenly dogs became minced corpses. Li Xiao Bai also took action, he used some immortal essence but did not play a big role.


However, he showed an expression of excitement and lingering enthusiasm, the other information path Gu Immortals looked at him and had a deeper impression of him being a cute young junior.


Old Immortal Hua Yu collected and stored the battlefield killer move as the immortals quickly greeted him.


Old Immortal Hua Yu nodded and looked at everyone, when he saw Li Xiao Bai, he smiled at the latter.


He liked this young junior a lot and appreciated his talent.


In his heart, Li Xiao Bai had a good upbringing and was the most talented Gu Immortal in the last hundred years of Profound Literature grotto-heaven’s history, he was the future of the grotto-heaven.


“Sigh! To think that Qi Sea Ancestor is actually a clone of Heaven Refining Demon Venerable!”


“Fang Yuan is scheming and crafty, I was deceived by him completely. If not for Heavenly Court and Longevity Heaven exposing the truth, I would continue to be used by him.”


“What Great Love Immortal Venerable, such words can only deceive idiots.”


“Sigh, I cannot trust any outsider. Only these Gu Immortals in front of me are trustworthy.”


Qi Sea Ancestor had once personally helped Profound Literature grotto-heaven.


Thus, Old Immortal Hua Yu respected Qi Sea Ancestor greatly. After joining the Righteous Qi Alliance, he had been following Qi Sea Ancestor’s leadership enthusiastically.


But now that Qi Sea Ancestor’s identity was exposed, all of that respect towards him turned into rage and humiliation!


Old Immortal Hua Yu had surging emotions, but he kept calm on the surface and controlled the situation. While ordering the Gu Immortals to clean up the battlefield of all traces, he also sent them to search the area.


They were all information path Gu Immortals, they soon cleared the battlefield of all noticeable traces or clues.


Other than that, the investigative Gu Immortals also brought back some information —


“The heavenly wind qi wall of the immemorial two heavens has mostly dissipated, the fusion of the two heavens will get more severe as time passes. Not only are the two heavens’ beasts fighting more frequently, the dao marks of the two heavens are also undergoing huge changes. Some are conflicting with each other while others are fusing together and creating greater effects, they cannot be separated.”


In fact, the heavenly wind qi wall had started dissipating long ago. Now that the five regional walls were gone and qi tides swept the world, the two heavens’ fusion also reached the most intense moment.


This resulted in the intense commotion.


All the grotto-heavens that were in the two heavens were facing problems continuously throughout the period.


Earlier, the dog group was a huge threat to Profound Literature grotto-heaven so it was dealt with in advance.


But what worried Old Immortal Hua Yu and the other information path Gu Immortals was not just the trouble ahead of them, but also the bigger situation of the five regions and two heavens.


After Fang Yuan returned, he publicly announced himself as Great Love Immortal Venerable and set up his Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance.


Immediately, the two pseudo venerables, Lu Wei Yin and Shen Shang, brought the various super clans of Eastern Sea’s righteous path and submitted to Fang Yuan.


Thus, the Righteous Qi Alliance and the variant human alliance jointly entered the Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance.


Old Immortal Hua Yu and the others ended up in an awkward position.


Speaking of which, they were members of the Righteous Qi Alliance, as were Granny Skeleton and others. But all along, because their foundation was in the two heavens, they were vaguely ostracized by Eastern Sea’s super forces.


But that was nothing originally.


Old Immortal Hua Yu, Granny Skeleton, and the rest only needed to continue getting Qi Sea Ancestor’s support.


But now, with the exposure of Qi Sea Ancestor’s identity as their greatest enemy, Fang Yuan’s clone, they had all along been trying to gain Fang Yuan’s favor!


Old Immortal Hua Yu and Granny Skeleton could not help but feel stunned.


Concurrently, the changes in the two heavens made them busy and tired as well.


Right at this time, Fang Yuan announced himself as Great Love Immortal Venerable and made a declaration that shook the world, the five regions’ Gu Immortal world went into an uproar.


Ever since Gu Yue Fang Yuan started cultivating, he had been ruthless and slaughtered countless innocents, he was clearly a demonic path member, how could he change his identity so easily with just some words?


If changing one’s faction was so easy to achieve, what was the point of the righteous path?


Old Immortal Hua Yu scoffed in his heart but he was clear of the truth.


Fang Yuan’s declaration was a joke. But with his strength as a Demon Venerable, who would dare to laugh?


Look at those Eastern Sea righteous path forces who submitted at the first second!


Even if Longevity Heaven and Heavenly Court made fun of his words, what could they do to Fang Yuan?


“I cannot drag this on anymore.”


“Fang Yuan has already taken in Eastern Sea’s righteous path, our two heavens’ forces cannot watch anymore.”


“But should we join Fang Yuan, Heavenly Court, or Longevity Heaven?”


Profound Literature grotto-heaven was not in the heaven of Central Continent or Northern Plains, this was the reason why Old Immortal Hua Yu joined the Righteous Qi Alliance earlier.


Now, joining Fang Yuan was the most convenient outcome.


Yet, they would not be able to preserve Profound Literature grotto-heaven.


Why?


Everyone knew that Fang Yuan had the sovereign immortal aperture, the two heavens’ grotto-heavens were his targets to annex.


Since they could not keep their homeland anyway, what was the point of joining Fang Yuan?


And honestly speaking, Old Immortal Hua Yu really hated demons like Fang Yuan.


Old Immortal Hua Yu started to think more broadly, there were many options in front of him.


But which choice should he pick? It was a tough question!


Longevity Heaven.


At the most central area, there was Calamity Luck Altar.


The four directions of Calamity Luck Altar had the Four Desolations.


And around the Four Desolations, there were eight areas for the Eight Extremities.


Above the Four Desolations was golden light that radiated and enveloped the place. Above the Eight Extremities was a spreading aura of green light.


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had already returned to Longevity Heaven for some time already.


Whoosh.


A soft sound echoed.


The final few star path dao marks on Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s body went ablaze, they vanished completely.


“My injuries are finally healed.” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable let out a breath of air: “Next, I need to refine the luck path dao marks of the five regions and two heavens to regain my strength as a Dao Lord!”


In the battle in Crazed Demon Cave, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable did not use genuine venerable level strength in combat.


Because they were in the void, there were no natural dao marks for them to refine.


If there were, every action of a venerable would be amplified and strengthened by the natural dao marks, they would become very terrifying.


This was like how Spectral Soul Demon Venerable had the amplification of countless soul path dao marks in the Door of Life and Death.


But strictly speaking, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was not considered a true Dao Lord, because he did not have his sanity.


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had already refined all of the luck path dao marks in the world back in his time. But after his death, these dao marks went back to the control of the Heavenly Dao.


Thus, he had to refine them again before he could use them.




