Chapter 2221: Fang Yuans Principles


Longevity Heaven’s luck path dao marks were originally from Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s immortal aperture, because it did not devour any nine heavens fragment, heaven’s will had not taken over it.


As long as he fought in Longevity Heaven, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s strength would be even greater than Spectral Soul Demon Venerable in Crazed Demon Cave!


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s own luck path dao marks could not match Spectral Soul Demon Venerable in number. But with the colossal number of dao marks in Longevity Heaven, he surpassed Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s main body.


And most importantly, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was sane and clear-minded!


“It is a pity that I cannot fuse this original immortal aperture into my current body.” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable did not lack methods to move an immortal aperture.


Once he fused with Longevity Heaven, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s strength would surge immensely. His luck path dao marks would greatly surpass and suppress Fang Yuan. By then, he could travel the five regions and two heavens without any worries!


After all, Longevity Heaven was Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s peak cultivation creation, it was Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s foundation after passing three chaotic disasters.


Meanwhile, Fang Yuan had only passed one Heavenly Dao blockade, he had survived the chaos tribulation in Crazed Demon Cave, it could only be considered a small chaotic disaster.


But right now, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had a reason why he could not absorb Longevity Heaven.


Because he cultivated blood path now.


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable wanted to use blood path as his main path and luck path as his specialty, his plan was to cultivate both paths.




Since he had planned this for so long already, he naturally had a superb blood-luck dual cultivation method. But he did not have the sovereign immortal body, no matter what he did, conflicts of dao marks still existed.


Right now, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had only started cultivating blood path officially for a short time, he had many luck path dao marks but few blood path dao marks, this difference was already the limit. If he fused with Longevity Heaven now, he would gain a surge of luck path dao marks that would suppress blood path entirely, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s dual cultivation plan would fail.


“Although I cannot regain Longevity Heaven now, in terms of refining natural dao marks, I have the biggest advantage, that is my immortal essence!”


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had the largest immortal essence storage of the three venerables! Currently, he had a thousand yellow apricot immortal essence beads.


Most of it was left behind in Longevity Heaven during his first life.


He had an even larger quantity stored back then, but there was continuous expenditure as time passed, because Longevity Heaven could not produce any more immortal essence after Giant Sun’s demise, eventually, only less than ten percent of his immortal essence was left.


“But this quantity is definitely the highest among everyone!” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was confident about this.


Because he knew that Heaven Refining Demon Venerable Fang Yuan had just advanced, his rank nine immortal essence storage was zero. As for rank eight immortal essence, he definitely had some but it was a small quantity as well.


It was obvious.


Ever since Fang Yuan’s rebirth, his cultivation level had risen rapidly, he had almost participated in all the major fights. He also refined so many Immortal Gu and made various Immortal Gu Houses, with such an investment, how could he have a lot of immortal essence left?




And the thing that made Giant Sun Immortal Venerable most glad was that Fang Yuan got hit by his luck path killer move in Crazed Demon Cave — Fortune and Disaster Coexists.


Even though Fang Yuan made use of this killer move to end up deceiving him, it was undeniable that the sovereign immortal aperture suffered huge losses in the end. Together with the small chaotic disaster, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable estimated that the sovereign immortal aperture was definitely in a pitiful state right now!


This was Fang Yuan’s situation, but Star Constellation Immortal Venerable also could not have more immortal essence than Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.


The reason?


The reason was quite simple.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s era was too long ago. Even if she left behind a large quantity of immortal essence, Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals would have expended them over the years.


In fact, three Demon Venerables, Limitless Demon Venerable, Reckless Savage Demon Venerable, and Red Lotus Demon Venerable, invaded Heavenly Court after Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s era.


When Heavenly Court resisted the three Demon Venerables, could they have avoided the use of venerable methods which expended the immortal essence left by the venerable?


“Regrettably, the two heavens are fusing and the heaven path dao marks are gathering with the change of environment, I had no choice but to retrieve Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace. Otherwise, my advantage would be even greater.”


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had no choice but to move Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace back.


WIth Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace in immemorial black heaven, it could continue to arrange luck path dao marks and participate in the operations of heaven and earth, as well as the luck of living beings. It could allow the black heaven above Northern Plains to become Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s territory that he could manipulate.


Back then, in the Reverse Flow River battle, Heavenly Court organized a group to head to Northern Plains, but they suffered a loss in immemorial black heaven. It was mostly the effect of Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace.


Now, with the fusion of the two immemorial heavens, the luck path dao marks that Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace arranged in the past were affected by the change, they became chaotic and broken. If he forcefully protected these luck path dao marks and resisted the changes of the Heavenly Dao, the whole of Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace would be affected and face destruction.


These days, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had been healing himself while observing the situation, he had a rather clear understanding of it now.


In the five regions and two heavens, no matter how the environment changed, the battle between the venerables was the only thing that mattered.


For Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, be it Star Constellation Immortal Venerable or Heaven Refining Demon Venerable, they were both unprecedented enemies. In the short term, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable could not find a way to exterminate these two enemies, he could only try to weaken them while maintaining his advantage.


The abundance of immortal essence was Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s advantage.


“If I use this advantage well, I will be able to refine the luck path dao marks of the world first. On this basis, if I fight against either of the two venerables, I will be able to gain the upper hand!”


“Once I gain the upper hand, I will have to heavily cripple Heavenly Court or Fang Yuan. If I can’t do that, a lot of trouble will ensue.”


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable felt a sense of urgency internally.


If he missed the opportunity of using this early period of advantage, as time passed, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable would plot and scheme deeper as a wisdom path expert, she would get harder to deal with.


There was another point, they had to guard against Star Constellation Immortal Venerable secretly reviving the other Immortal Venerables of Heavenly Court!


This was the same for Fang Yuan too.


Right now, his immortal essence storage was at its lowest, once it started to rise, with his refinement path ability, he would refine Immortal Gu on a large scale, his strength would rise greatly, far beyond now.


“Refinement path venerable…” Thinking of Fang Yuan’s declaration as Great Love earlier, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable could not help but frown slightly.


He could already predict that Fang Yuan’s strength would cause a huge impact on the Gu Immortal world.


This strength was so colossal and unprecedented that even Giant Sun Immortal Venerable could not tell what the future would become because of Fang Yuan’s actions.


After all, there had never been a refinement path venerable in history.


Refinement path was different from the other paths.


Gu cultivation had three major aspects, nurture, use, and refinement. Refinement path was one of these three aspects, this was a special trait that no other path had!


Heavenly Court.


“Cough, cough, cough.” In a tightly shut secret room, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable coughed out several mouthfuls of blood.


The injuries from the battle in Crazed Demon Cave had not recovered yet.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable cultivated wisdom path and star path, she was not as skilled as Giant Sun Immortal Venerable in terms of healing, who cultivated blood path.


Gu Immortal injuries were usually very troublesome.


Venerables were no exception to this.


Heavenly Court did not lack outstanding healing methods, but for the case of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, very few were suitable.


Because she had too many wisdom path and star path dao marks, healing methods of all other paths were barely usable. Human path was an exception but in the whole of Heavenly Court, there were no human path pseudo venerable experts. This was the lowest requirement to heal a venerable’s injuries.


Thus, other than healing herself, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had no other methods.


“I still have six hundred and seventy-one yellow apricot immortal essence beads.” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable frowned: “I did not have many to begin with, some were consumed during the battle in Crazed Demon Cave as well. I still have injuries on me, if I continue healing myself, yellow apricot immortal essence beads would be rapidly expended again. After that, I still need to refine Heavenly Court’s dao marks and the natural wisdom path dao marks of the world…”


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable calculated precisely.


She had sufficient immortal essence for now, but wisdom path experts calculated ten steps in advance, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was definitely deducing more than that.


The immortal essence storage was not enough for her to refine the wisdom path dao marks of the outside world.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s situation was different from Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.


There were a large number of wisdom path dao marks in Heavenly Court, but they did not belong to Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


Because Heavenly Court had annexed nine heavens fragments, even though Star Constellation Immortal Venerable contributed her own immortal aperture to this place, her original dao marks had all been assimilated and taken over by heaven’s will.


Of course, during the process of refining dao marks in the outside world, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s current immortal aperture would still produce rank nine immortal essence continuously.


But Star Constellation Immortal Venerable felt that this was an extremely dangerous situation! Giant Sun Immortal Venerable or Heaven Refining Demon Venerable might attack at any time!


Thus, the more immortal essence she had in her storage, the better.


“Giant Sun Immortal Venerable must have more immortal essence than me. As for Heaven Refining Demon Venerable, he is the weakest among us in this aspect.”


“But he cannot be underestimated! This man is… very special.”


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable thought of this as she revealed a complex expression.


Fang Yuan’s earlier declaration of being Great Love Immortal Venerable shook the entire world.


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was wary of Fang Yuan’s refinement path ability, while Star Constellation Immortal Venerable focused on his nature.


In the history of the ten venerables, Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable was noble and grand, Limitless Demon Venerable was a crazed Dao pursuer, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable enjoyed slaughter, Reckless Savage Demon Venerable was wild, Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable was indifferent, while Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable was obsessed…


But no matter what, each of these venerables had their own pride and arrogance in some way.


But Heaven Refining Demon Venerable Fang Yuan?


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable squinted her eyes, she had never seen a venerable with such a nature. He simply did not know the limit of what the word ‘shameless’ was, he did not care about his ‘face’, he distorted truth and lies, even lying with a calm expression and deceiving with a righteous tone.


What Great Love Immortal Venerable?!


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was certain that this title was part of Fang Yuan’s current plan, it was a method to achieve his current goals. If it was said that anyone in the world could go from demonic to righteous, Fang Yuan was the least likely one among them all.


If he felt the need to make a move, he would do it regardless of how many innocent lives would be sacrificed.


By then, the declaration of Great Love Immortal Venerable and all related promises would be completely forgotten by him like a baseless fart.


But if he felt that going back to the righteous path had benefits to be gained, he would make another similar declaration with no shame in his heart.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had finally understood Fang Yuan clearly now.


“If I have to say that this person has a principle, then his principle is to have no bottom line.”


“And if I say this person has a bottom line, then his bottom line is to have no principle!”


This was simply a thoroughly shameless person.


When Star Constellation Immortal Venerable felt a headache regarding him, this shameless fellow had already become venerable.


And the thing that made it hard for Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was that this shameless venerable had an incredibly deep understanding of the human heart, to the extent where he could predict their every thought.


His actions were bound to create a huge wave in the Gu Immortal world before gathering countless people to his side!


The temptation of Immortal Gu was too great!


Even if they could not trust him now, some risk-taking Gu Immortals would still try their luck.


Once Fang Yuan displayed sufficient sincerity, the entire five regions’ Gu Immortal world would fall into his palm.


“Even Heavenly Court will not be spared from this…” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable smiled bitterly.




