Chapter 2222: Fang Yuans First Public Deal


Western Desert.


The silent desert suddenly exploded as sand flew in the air, a huge mountain-like beast appeared from underground.


This beast had the shape of a python, it had a crocodile head and six sharp eagle-like claws.


Dragon crocodile!


An immemorial dragon crocodile.


The dragon crocodile roared, the sound waves spread widely, but there was a trace of fear and panic in its voice.


The dragon crocodile had the ability to climb clouds and soar to the sky, after leaving the desert, it flew straight up.


But midway, the dragon crocodile’s body shook suddenly as it spewed out a torrent of flames from its huge mouth.


The dragon crocodile growled in pain as it fell to the ground, creating a huge sand wave as a result.


After it struggled for a while, it gradually quietened down and stopped moving entirely.


After a while, three Gu Immortals came out of its mouth.




Two males and one female.


They were from three super forces of Western Desert respectively, being Shi Kang, Zuo Qiu Yan Ming, and Tuoba Feng Yan.


Shi Kang cultivated earth path while the other two cultivated fire path.


It was a fact that the most common cultivation path among Western Desert’s Gu Immortals was fire path.


“The final dragon crocodile is dead.”


“According to our three clans’ agreement, this dragon crocodile belongs to Sister Yan Ming.”


The only female here, Zuo Qiu Yan Ming, nodded as she opened her immortal aperture’s entrance, placing this immemorial dragon crocodile into it.


She observed within her immortal aperture and showed a smile on her face: “This immemorial dragon crocodile’s corpse is good, many dao marks are preserved. It was all thanks to Brother Feng Yan’s plan that we killed it like this.”


“I’m flattered.” Tuoba Feng Yan smiled: “If not for Brother Shi Kang’s method, we would not have been able to enter the dragon crocodile’s stomach and take this risk. The biggest credit goes to Brother Shi Kang.”


“I’m flattered as well, this is our mutual effort.” Shi Kang smiled as he replied modestly.




Dragon crocodiles lived in immemorial black heaven, but recently with the fusion of both heavens, their living habitat was badly affected, after a dragon crocodile group lost in a territorial fight, they had to escape from immemorial black heaven.


They wandered along a route, passing Zuo Qiu, Tuoba, and Shi clans territories.


These three clans negotiated and each sent a rank seven Gu Immortal expert to get rid of these dragon crocodiles that were in poor condition already.


Shi Kang, Zuo Qiu Yan Ming, and Tuoba Feng Yan worked together, spending three days and nights to wipe out this dragon crocodile group.


But right when they were about to return to their own clans, they received orders from their clans simultaneously.


“Oh? Wan clan wants to gather the clans and attack Fang clan together?”


“Hehe, so the first one that acts is Wan clan after all.”


“Now it seems, because us three are the closest to Wan clan’s territory, they sent us this order together.”


The three immortals discussed for a while before deciding to travel together.


“Even though this is not far from Wan clan, we still need to rest and reorganize ourselves.”


“Indeed, we need to treat our injuries first.”


“The dragon crocodile corpses in the immortal apertures have to be dealt with too.”


Shi Kang thought about it before smiling: “On this journey to Wan clan, we will pass by myriad ore desert. That resource point is guarded by my clan’s Shi Zhong, we can go there and rest.”


For resting, the environment of the wilderness was definitely worse than a resource point.


Every resource point had an immortal formation, it was safer too.


Zuo Qiu Yan Ming and Tuoba Feng Yan looked at each other before turning to Shi Kang and nodding, the latter said: “Then we will trouble you this time.”


Shi Kang laughed heartily: “Gladly!”


Myriad ore desert was relatively flat and the surrounding view extended to the horizon, the ground was a cracked rocky terrain with no vegetation growing.


But below the desert, there was a different world all together, a large amount of ores were gathered here, a hundred thousand rockmen were living here as miners, excavating all sorts of materials for Gu Immortals.


But these rockmen were all mortals, they were Gu Masters at best. With limited strength, they could only excavate mortal ores.


Thus, Shi clan sent a Gu Immortal to guard this place while simultaneously excavating immortal ores.


This was a tough mission, normally speaking, a Gu Immortal sent here was someone who got ostracized by the clan.


Shi Zhong was such an example.


Shi Zhong’s father betrayed the clan and caused huge losses to them, not just in resources but also Gu Immortals’ lives.


In order to gain trust, Shi Zhong changed his name to Shi Zhong[1] to express his loyalty to the clan. But that did not change anything.


At this moment, Shi Zhong’s divine sense was moving about in treasure yellow heaven.


In treasure yellow heaven, the most eye-catching thing now was that huge piece of Primordial Domain!


“This is the legendary secluded domain of heaven and earth! In the battle in Crazed Demon Cave, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable sold this to Heaven Refining Demon Venerable Fang Yuan. If I can get a piece, how good would that be?”


Shi Zhong felt incredibly envious.


The reason why he knew about the origin of this Primordial Domain was because Fang Yuan had spread the news.


The idea was simple, he wanted the world to know that even Giant Sun Immortal Venerable made a transaction with him, what was there to fear?


Of course, now that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was exposed as the creator of blood path and had also started cultivating it, he was labeled as a Demon Venerable by Heavenly Court.


Above the Primordial Domain, there was a will.


This will had a human-shaped form, he wore a white robe and had black hair, his facial features were peerless, it was Fang Yuan’s will.


“Heaven Refining Demon Venerable…”


“If I ask him to refine Gu, will I be able to obtain wealth Gu?”


“No, that is too risky.”


“Wealth Gu is my hope of rising up, how can I give the Gu recipe to Fang Yuan. If he succeeds in the refinement but does not give the Gu to me, I will be making a stupid mistake. There is nothing I can do to a venerable!”


This thought only flashed in Shi Zhong’s mind for a second.


Shi Zhong had obtained an incomplete Immortal Gu recipe of wealth Gu in his early days.


Wealth Gu was a legendary Immortal Gu, if Shi Zhong could refine it, he would soon become incredibly wealthy and accumulate lots of cultivation resources, breaking free from the clan’s restraints.


In order to refine wealth Gu, Shi Zhong had secretly used humans to refine Gu. If such a demonic act was exposed, he would be in huge trouble.


Even though he took such a huge risk, he had tried to refine it for over a hundred times but all his attempts ended in failure. He was still far from success.


Shi Zhong had naturally heard Fang Yuan’s declaration, but he did not dare to risk it.


Wealth Gu was all the hope he had!


“Oh? Gu Immortals are getting closer.” Right at this time, the immortal formation suddenly alerted.


Shi Zhong’s expression changed, he immediately went out of treasure yellow heaven and controlled the immortal formation.


At this time, Shi Kang was leading the other two immortals as they stayed in the sky, at the edge of the formation, without entering deeply as they waited.


After Shi Zhong contacted them and verified their identity, he learned of their intention.


“I am so glad that Brother Shi Kang came here. Please, everyone, come in!” Shi Zhong showed sufficient enthusiasm.


The three immortals entered the immortal formation and rested for a while, Shi Zhong held a small banquet and invited them to join.


He even specially gave the main seat to Shi Kang.


After Shi Kang rejected it a few times, he sat down on the main seat.


As the other two immortals saw this situation, they thought of a rumor and understood why.


Compared to Shi Zhong, Shi Kang was a popular person in Shi clan. Not long ago, he had defeated everyone else and obtained Sand Heap blessed land.


On this trip, after killing the dragon crocodiles, Shi Kang did not need to hand them over to the clan, he sold many of them in treasure yellow heaven directly.


Seeing such a treatment, Zuo Qiu Yan Ming and Tuoba Feng Yan felt very envious.


“This time, Wan clan is leading everyone and gathering Wan clan’s forces to attack Fang clan, what do both of you think?” After some drinking, Shi Kang asked.


Zuo Qiu Yan Ming said: “Wan clan and Fang clan have deep grudges, it is not strange that they are leading this. Since they are using a proper reason, there is no issue with their action. But I think that Wan clan’s decision now will cause problems in the future.”


“That’s right, I hold the same view.” Tuoba Feng Yan put down his glass: “Firstly, with the disappearance of the five regional walls, Western Desert has several clans by the borders of the regions, it is difficult to get them to make a bold move.”


“Secondly, Fang clan is not weak, their first supreme elder has rank eight cultivation level and they most excel in Immortal Gu Houses!”


“Thirdly, Fang clan has a good relationship with many clans. During the fate war, they had led everyone in the fight, causing their reputation to rise greatly!”


“And fourthly, which is the most important reason. The reason why we are targeting Fang clan is because of their trading with Fang Yuan, but this is also our fear. Who knows what their exact relationship with Fang Yuan is?”


Shi Kang nodded continuously, sighing: “Brother Tuoba’s analysis is sound and clear, I agree completely.”


Shi Zhong did not speak, he was in deep thought.


Tuoba Feng Yan’s analysis was simple and Shi Kang knew it as well, but he had to ask this.


Because Shi Kang represented Shi clan, he had to talk with Zuo Qiu Yan Ming and Tuoba Feng Yan to see what their clan’s intentions were as well.


Now that he knew their views were aligned with Shi clan, Shi Kang felt more relaxed.


“Come, drink wine, drink wine.” Shi Kang raised his cup and smiled warmly.


After the meal, the three immortals thanked Shi Zhong before setting off for Wan clan.


Shi Zhong stored away the cups, he had a heavy mood.


Shi Kang’s treatment by the clan was too good, it was simply the opposite of him.


Earlier, when Shi Kang was in closed cultivation, the clan provided him all the resources he needed. After Shi Kang took Sand Heap blessed land, the clan rewarded him immediately! The dragon crocodiles he killed were all kept as his property, it was a lucrative job. As for the journey to Wan clan, there were no risks and the outcome was basically decided, he would be welcomed by Wan clan. Instead of a mission, it was like a reward.


“Sigh, my hope still lies in wealth Gu. When can I refine this Gu successfully.”


“Heaven Refining Demon Venerable… no, I will not ask for anyone’s help. The risk is too big.”


Even though Shi Zhong set such a determined goal, after a hundred failures in refining the Gu, he had already started to feel dejected.


His intuition vaguely told him that with his strength alone, the chance of refining wealth Gu was slim!


Thus, unknowingly, he entered yellow heaven again with his divine sense.


Within treasure yellow heaven, Fang Yuan’s will suddenly opened his eyes as he spoke in a grand tone: “This rank seven movement Immortal Gu, capture wind Gu, has been refined as per the request of Southern Border’s Wu Yong, we will make the transaction now.”


“What?” Shi Zhong was shocked.


At this moment, every Gu Immortal who was inside treasure yellow heaven gasped.


Under everyone’s gaze, Wu Yong’s will got close to Fang Yuan’s will, the latter tossed rank seven capture wind Gu to Wu Yong’s will.


Wu Yong’s will nodded and said nothing, he left treasure yellow heaven with the new Immortal Gu.


“Someone actually made a transaction with Fang Yuan! And it is actually Southern Border’s Wu Yong.” Shi Zhong had a dazed expression.


[1] Zhong means loyalty




