Chapter 2229: Giant Suns Attack


Inside the sovereign immortal aperture.


Mini Eastern Sea.


Jade green water flowed like a large dragon, moving rapidly on the surface of the sea.


Several rank six Gu Immortals were chasing and trying to stop it.


“Quick, the water is flowing towards you.”


“Watch this!”


Boom! The water flow rippled, a huge wave of over a hundred feet rose.


“I blocked it! But be careful.”


Two rank six Gu Immortals were engulfed by the wave instantly.


“Damn it!” The remaining Gu Immortals used their methods to desperately stop it.


In the end, the jade green water flow did not manage to escape the sea area.




Once time was up, white light surrounded ten li of the sea surface.


He Chun Qiu appeared and shouted, grabbed the air with his hands.


Immediately, the surface of the sea rippled and surged with waves, after more than ten breaths of time, a water path formation was built on it.


This water path formation had a rank seven water path Immortal Gu as the core, the main formation had already expended a batch of water path immortal materials.


As the jade water flowed into the water path formation, it turned into a spiral whirlpool that moved on its own, emitting splashing sounds.


The rank six Gu Immortals here flew into the sky, after seeing this, they cheered uncontrollably.


He Chun Qiu inspected the formation again and ensured there were no issues before he also let out a breath of air.


At this point, the jade green water flow resource point had been placed here.


Jade green water flow was a rank seven immortal material, it had a very famous trait in that it would always be moving without ever stopping.


After Fang Yuan created the Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance and took in the Righteous Qi Alliance, he extorted Eastern Sea’s righteous path for a batch of water path resource points, this jade green water flow was one of them.




He Chun Qiu was in charge of placing this jade green water flow here. He made an immortal formation and ordered the rank six Gu Immortals to trap this jade green water flow, preventing it from escaping elsewhere. After several days of effort, it was finally completed.


From this day on, the resource point would not only produce jade green water flow, it would also be one of the water vein nodes!


With further development in the future, this might form into a jade green water flow sea area.


“Divine rift whirlpool, seven treasures sea spring, underwater thousand year profound ice island, cleansing water region, rolling pearl water treasury… These last few days, Mini Eastern Sea gained more than ten water vein nodes, only three more are needed before we can form one water vein ring.”


While He Chun Qiu was thinking, one of the rank six Gu Immortals asked politely: “Master, I wonder what other instructions there are?”


He Chun Qiu waved his hand at them, a time path killer move was immediately activated, their wounds healed at once.


“You may go back.” He Chun Qiu said.


The Gu Immortals left after expressing their gratitude.


They were very busy and needed to go around the place to resolve problems and stabilize the environment of the sovereign immortal aperture.


The number of missions in Star Collection Hall was innumerable.


While watching them leave, He Chun Qiu sighed to himself.


After the battle in Crazed Demon Cave, the sovereign immortal aperture faced two main problems.


The first problem was that strange phenomena were still occurring commonly. The sovereign immortal body’s non-conflicting dao marks was the root cause. The more dao marks there were, the greater the problem.


After Fang Yuan became venerable by passing the mini chaotic disaster, he gained a huge number of refinement path dao marks. At the same time, he had been building resource points recently, they were also made of dao marks.


The second problem was that the sovereign immortal aperture lacked manpower.


During the battle in Crazed Demon Cave, he lost about fifty Gu Immortals. A portion of them had died in the mini chaotic disaster, they could not be revived. Among which, there was the Combat Beast King. Most of the rest revived, they were all Gu Masters now.


The current situation was quite peculiar, these people could not quickly ascend to immortal yet.


Thus, even throughout the sovereign immortal aperture, the strongest people were He Chun Qiu, Wu Shuai, Lady White Rabbit, Fairy Miao Yin, and the other rank eight Gu Immortals.


Establishing resource points and setting up formations, these were tasks that only He Chun Qiu and Wu Shuai could do.


Although they did not cultivate formation path, they were still Fang Yuan’s clones and shared his attainment levels, other people simply could not do it.


He Chun Qiu had already entered the liver life formation multiple times recently, he had no time to rest at all.


“Maybe, I should ask the main body to give orders and deploy a portion of the Merman Imperial Court’s merfolk Gu Immortals to help us?” He Chun Qiu thought to himself.


Compared to the humans, the variant humans were more reliant on Fang Yuan, they were less likely to betray him.


At the same time, Mini Eastern Sea did need to relocate and move in a number of merfolk as well.


Compared to the other four mini regions, Mini Eastern Sea only had hairy men on the three major continents, although the population was not small, other areas had no variant humans at all, they were too empty.


The sovereign immortal aperture was developed and managed by the clones and subordinates, while Fang Yuan’s main body focused on guarding heaven form.


Boom boom boom.


Fang Yuan’s huge rod continued to slam on it.


This time, there were no ice spikes on the rod, it was burning in flames instead!


Heaven form was gritting its teeth, not daring to emit any cries as it curled up into a ball. The frost that appeared on its body out of nowhere was smashed by the rod before being melted by the flames.


As the black and white heavens became fused to a greater extent, heaven form’s condition was getting more unstable.


But Fang Yuan was still quite relaxed.


While stabilizing heaven form, he also activated obscured heavenly secret repeatedly to practice it and gain more insight about the move.


The obscured heavenly secret killer move that he used now was the version that Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable had.


Paradise Earth did not have heavenly secret Immortal Gu, thus he used heavenly web Gu as the core with a large amount of heaven path immortal materials.


After these heaven path immortal materials were used, Fang Yuan’s body became covered in a new layer of heaven path dao marks, resembling a fishing net.


Whenever anyone made deductions or tried to investigative Fang Yuan, this layer of the fishing net made from the heaven path dao marks would rapidly change form, the lines would contract and twist rapidly, distorting everything from the original state.


“Thus, obscured heavenly secret’s true effect is not to conceal myself from all deductions, but to perfectly mislead them and cause them to arrive at a wrong result.”


Fang Yuan had already recognized the essence of this move.


“Once the fishing net’s heaven path dao marks are depleted, this obscured heavenly secret would lose all effect.”


“Conversely, the more heaven path immortal materials I consume, the more heaven path dao marks would be used to construct this fishing net, which would cause this obscured heavenly secret killer move to become even stronger and long-lasting!”


Because of this, Fang Yuan saw hope of deceiving the two venerables!


Theoretically, as long as he had enough heaven path dao marks, he would be able to prevent the two venerables from finding out that he was refining Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus.


Right now, Fang Yuan had more than a hundred yellow apricot immortal essence beads, once he reached the minimum requirement, he would start refining Gu.


Fang Yuan was anxious to refine Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus because he knew that now was the best time to do it!


The battle in Crazed Demon Cave had just ended, the three venerables’ methods were all exposed, while they could not modify their methods yet. Thus, in a fight, Fang Yuan had a greater advantage.


After all, he had more dao marks than Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


If he missed this chance, once the two venerables modified their methods, the result of their fight would be uncertain.


“Immortal essence stockpile is my weakness. If I do not use this chance to fix this flaw, in our standoff in the future, my immortal essence reserves will always be below the two of them, I will always be restricted by this!”


Fang Yuan knew he had to take risks.


Longevity Heaven.


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable suddenly shouted, his eyes widened, his gaze pierced through Longevity Heaven and cast down on all five regions.


“Good, with the amplification of Longevity Heaven’s luck path dao marks, I can see all the luck of the lifeforms in the five regions!”


Heavenly Court first looked at Heavenly Court.


After a while, he turned to Eastern Sea but could not find Fang Yuan.


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was shocked, he quickly searched and found a type of luck in the mixed black and white heaven.


This luck was burning like a furnace, there were cracks on the surface and little firewood at the bottom, there was an immortal crane that resembled a cloud or mist within it, burning slowly in turmoil.


“Heaven form?!”


Instantly, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s eyes burst out with bright light.


He laughed heartily as he understood Fang Yuan’s current condition.


“This heaven form killer move is left by Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable, it was used by Fang Yuan during the fate war to invade Heavenly Court. With the fusion of both heavens, heaven form’s foundation is unstable, it needs Fang Yuan’s protection.”


“This rank nine killer move is extraordinary, with Fang Yuan restricted by it, now is the time for me to strike!”


During the fate war, Fang Yuan exposed heaven form. Longevity Heaven had cooperated with him multiple times, thus, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable knew about this information.


After seeing this, the Northern Plains Immortal Venerable set off to Eastern Sea, he moved quickly and resolutely, without a moment of hesitation!


In the mixed black and white heaven, Fang Yuan sighed while smiling slightly.


He had sensed Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s investigation earlier, he purposely dispelled obscured heavenly secret to test it out, the result was that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable moved out to attack him.


“Since Giant Sun is coming, what about Star Constellation?” A dark light flashed in Fang Yuan’s eyes.




