Chapter 2231: Refining Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was very daring, she flew rapidly and went deep into Northern Plains — the former location of Imperial Court blessed land.


She did not target any of the Huang Jin tribe members, she acted like Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, staying in the sky and starting to refine the natural wisdom path dao marks of Northern Plains!


At once, starlight shined in the sky, spreading rapidly to the surroundings.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable did not move into Longevity Heaven directly.


Although it seemed like this was the best opportunity to attack Longevity Heaven, since Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was far away in Eastern Sea, the truth was that it was not easy for Star Constellation Immortal Venerable to enter Longevity Heaven.


Grotto-heavens were condensed into one spot in the sky, unless the immortal aperture’s entrance was open, outsiders could not get in easily.


This was also why heaven form had immense value.


Furthermore, even if Star Constellation Immortal Venerable managed to get inside Longevity Heaven, she could not destroy the rank nine grotto-heaven in a short period of time.


By then, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable would come back and defend the grotto-heaven, he would fight against Star Constellation Immortal Venerable. In that case, if Giant Sun Immortal Venerable gives up on Fang Yuan and fights Star Constellation Immortal Venerable instead, not only would there be risks of getting injured, he would expend more immortal essence as well.


That would benefit Fang Yuan too much!


In this contest of three venerables, they were mutually wary of each other, while thinking of ways to attack the others, these venerables also had to maintain their own development speed.




This situation was very complex now.


If one acted rashly without consideration, they would be courting death.


Having judgment was very important.


If one made an appropriate move with just the right intensity, they would gain a bit of advantage in this stalemate of the three venerables.


The three venerables knew this, thus, each of their actions contained deep meaning and considered the reactions of each other. In most cases, they reacted according to the situation.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had already calculated her current actions clearly.


This was the most advantageous move for her!


Firstly, Fang Yuan had to be weakened.


This person was too shameless and had no bottom line.


In Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s mind, even if they had the same battle strength, Fang Yuan would still be a bigger problem than Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.




Currently, Fang Yuan’s circumstances were very troublesome. The difficulty of maintaining heaven form would only increase with time, because more than half of his heaven path research results came from Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, she knew about this clearly.


Fang Yuan had to guard heaven form while expending immortal essence. This depleted his already low reserves.


And now, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable came to Eastern Sea to refine its luck path dao marks, this was a way to weaken Fang Yuan as well.


At the same time, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable requested Immortal Gu from Fang Yuan in exchange for making a move, this was also a way to weaken him.


In addition, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was also weakened by this move.


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had the advantage of immortal essence, this was something that Star Constellation Immortal Venerable knew.


With this advantage, if Star Constellation Immortal Venerable did not disrupt him, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s dao mark refinement rate would always be higher than Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


Additionally, for Heavenly Court, Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world had a bigger threat than Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortal world, it was a well known fact that Northern Plains’ Gu Immortals had outstanding battle strength and bravery, this was something that Eastern Sea lacked.


“Star Constellation!”


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable who was in icy sea area gritted his teeth, his expression turned ugly.


But he did not move from his position, he continued to refine the luck path dao marks.


Because Star Constellation Immortal Venerable did not attack Longevity Heaven or the Huang Jin tribes, this was not something that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable could not endure.


If Star Constellation Immortal Venerable went beyond this, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable would return and fight with her.


This was undeniable!


If a strong enemy tried to step over one’s bottom line, there had to be fierce retaliation. Otherwise, the enemy would think that one was easy to bully, then in the future, life would only get tougher.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable did not step over Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s bottom line, so there was no intense desire for Giant Sun Immortal Venerable to return to Northern Plains.


So what if he returned?


By then, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable could just leave, but could Giant Sun Immortal Venerable chase after her and barge into Heavenly Court?


Even if he reached Heavenly Court, could he fight against Star Constellation Immortal Venerable? Would Fang Yuan not benefit from that?


If Star Constellation Immortal Venerable left and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable did not chase her, if he returned to Eastern Sea, what if Star Constellation Immortal Venerable went back to Northern Plains again?


If they did this repeatedly, what would be the point of it all?


Was traveling not costly on immortal essence?


If Giant Sun Immortal Venerable did that, he would not be able to refine many of Eastern Sea’s luck path dao marks, yet he would spend a lot of time and immortal essence, was that not a huge joke?


The situation was different for Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


Even if she attacked or retreated multiple times, she would still get Fang Yuan’s Immortal Gu.


Thus, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable chose not to move, he continued refining Eastern Sea’s luck path dao marks.


But at this time, Fang Yuan approached Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.


“Giant Sun, why must we behave like this? We are both victims of Heavenly Court, they have the deepest foundation and Central Continent is the strongest region, this is an undeniable fact. Furthermore, not long ago, Heavenly Court denounced us as Demon Venerables! We need to join hands and deal with Heavenly Court instead.”


“Look at the situation now, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable has openly gone to Northern Plains to refine the wisdom path dao marks there, she is simply disregarding your existence.”


Fang Yuan urged him while suggesting: “Why don’t we have a transaction, I will pay you Immortal Gu in exchange for you refining Central Continent’s dao marks.”


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable laughed as he replied: “Fang Yuan, it seems that Star Constellation Immortal Venerable made such a transaction with you too. Since the five regions are one, and the regional walls no longer exist, I can not only refine Eastern Sea’s luck path dao marks here, but also Central Continent’s. If you want me to let Eastern Sea off, I need to see how many Immortal Gu you can give.”


When Fang Yuan and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable were still bargaining, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable contacted him again.


“Fang Yuan, you have already seen my sincerity. It is your turn now.” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable asked for Immortal Gu directly.


Fang Yuan was silent for a moment before sending permanence Gu into treasure yellow heaven.


Speaking of which, this permanence Gu belonged to Heavenly Court at first.


Back then, Fang Yuan had obtained it after destroying Heavenly Court’s Immortal Gu House, Eternal Yacht, in the River of Time.


After Star Constellation Immortal Venerable received permanence Gu, she inspected it before hearing Fang Yuan’s new suggestion: If Star Constellation Immortal Venerable attacked Longevity Heaven or any of the Huang Jin tribes, he would pay her even more Immortal Gu.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable smiled: “If I do that, it will not be just three Immortal Gu.” Her attitude was quite similar to Giant Sun Immortal Venerable who was talking on the other end.


Fang Yuan snorted in his heart.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was a wisdom path Immortal Venerable after all, in this situation, she was gaining the most benefits.


Fang Yuan was merely trying to stall for time now to undergo refinement.


As long as he refined rank nine Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus, these losses would all be worth it, even if he had to increase the chips!


But the problem for Fang Yuan now was that he lacked immortal essence!


“It seems that I must accelerate the time of the sovereign immortal aperture.” Right now, Fang Yuan’s gaze was like a hawk, he stared at heaven form sharply, it shivered in response.


Fang Yuan did not want to raise the speed of time in the sovereign immortal aperture, but there were no alternatives.


At this point, he had already paid a considerable price to get this opportunity. And Fang Yuan’s biggest worry was that such an opportunity seldom knocked twice, in the future, he might not be able to do this anymore!


If the opportunity presented itself, he had to grab onto it!


Within the sovereign immortal aperture, Fang Yuan’s time path clone He Chun Qiu started to use time path killer moves.


One after another, killer moves were activated, the raging water of the River of Time was drawn into the year essence pool. Next, through it, the water was diverted to the respective sub-pools.


The time path zones that the year essence pool controlled had faster time flow now, it was obvious when compared to the surroundings.


And this difference was expanding and getting more evident.


After Fang Yuan became venerable, the sovereign immortal aperture’s rate of time became quite close to the five regions, but now, after he used this method, the difference became larger again.


This was a huge threat, of course.


Normally speaking, a chaotic disaster occurred once a hundred years, now, it might arrive in seventy or eighty years.


Once Fang Yuan’s chaotic disaster arrived, the other venerables would find the chance to attack him together, at that time, he would face both internal and external threats!


Fang Yuan had a determined expression, he resolved himself after making this choice.


Whether this gamble was worth it would depend on the future.


As the sovereign immortal aperture’s rate of time rose, the production of yellow apricot immortal essence also started to accelerate.


The development of the immortal aperture was improved greatly as well.


The three venerables were in a deadlock now.


As days passed, the five regions’ Gu Immortal world focused on these three venerables, observing their actions and discussing their possible future decisions.


Because He Chun Qiu used too many time path methods in this period, he had to recuperate and rest.


Thus, Wu Shuai led the other Gu Immortals and formed the first water vein.


Fang Yuan was facing greater difficulty in maintaining heaven form now.


While Star Constellation Immortal Venerable asked him for a second Immortal Gu.


“Star Eyes, Star Thought…” After hesitating for a while, Fang Yuan chose to give star thought Immortal Gu to Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


Immortal killer move — Obscured Heavenly Secret!


On this day, Fang Yuan finally used this killer move officially, it marked the start of Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus’ refinement.


This time, obscured heavenly secret was modified by Fang Yuan, it contained a few more heaven path Immortal Gu. Not only was it stronger and thicker, it could even allow him to control the range of obscured heavenly secret to a certain extent.


Fang Yuan was not stingy now, he directly used sixty percent of his heaven path immortal materials.


At almost the same time as obscured heavenly secret’s activation, within the sovereign immortal aperture, the refinement to advance Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus also started.


Inside Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool, Wu Shuai, He Chun Qiu, and around ten hairy man Gu Immortals got to their stations and started to wait for the refinement to start.


This was an incredible group that gathered, but they were only helping out now.


The divine sense of Fang Yuan’s main body was present now, he was going to refine Gu personally!


Rumble…


Jade light shot out, surging like a flowing river.


Fragrance spread everywhere, causing people to feel delighted.


This was just the first step, but a small mountain of rank nine wood path immortal materials were already expended.


Rank nine Immortal Gu were all extraordinary, while Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus was Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable’s vital Gu, it was also the most helpful Gu to Fang Yuan now.


This was a huge uncertainty!


Therefore, Fang Yuan soon sensed a huge fluctuation in his own luck.




