Chapter 2232: Furnace Luck


Fang Yuan willed in his mind, rank eight Immortal Gu House Cooking Luck Pot started to activate.


Fang Yuan diverted his gaze and looked up above him.


He saw that his rank nine refinement path luck was like a furnace.


The furnace seemed to be made of clay, there were many cracks on the surface that made it look like it was poorly created.


At the bottom of the furnace, there was a pile of firewood burning intensely. This showed that Fang Yuan was currently using all of his immortal essence reserves!


Within the furnace, two lumps of clouds were intertwined.


One lump was an immortal crane cloud that was white in color with black spots inside, it resembled heaven form. This cloud was close to breaking apart, but each time it was about to collapse, heat would be emitted from the furnace to forcefully gather it again.


The other lump of cloud was smaller, it resembled a green lotus. The green lotus cloud was the opposite of the immortal crane, the latter was close to breaking apart while the former was too tightly compacted. Most of the furnace’s heat was used on this green lotus cloud, it was trying to melt a piece of limestone.


The green lotus cloud was mostly condensed, only a small portion melted and spread out, flowing towards the cracks of the furnace and sinking to the bottom, as if it was trying to take root.


“The furnace is too crudely made, it is filled with cracks, that shows that my foundation is not stable, the sovereign immortal aperture also has another hidden threat, because it has not gone through an actual chaotic disaster, there is huge room for improvement.”


“The immortal crane cloud is heaven form, while the green lotus cloud is my attempt at refining Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus.”




“What about the luck of other venerables?”


Fang Yuan tried to look, but he could not see anything beyond the furnace luck.


When he was rank eight, his luck was like a silver light pillar, while the other three venerables’ lucks were like clouds floating around him.


Right now, he had become a refinement path venerable, but he could no longer see the venerables’ lucks.


Fang Yuan knew the reason.


Other than the two venerables’ defensive methods, the main reason was that Cooking Luck Pot’s rank was too low. It was only rank eight, it was already outstanding to be able to see Fang Yuan’s own rank nine luck. Of course, there were still specific details that could not be seen through it.


If it had to observe the other two lucks and see how they related to Fang Yuan’s own luck, the difficulty would be beyond Cooking Luck Pot’s capability.


“But even if I can see the luck relationship, I cannot use it as reliable information.” Fang Yuan thought.


Before the battle in Crazed Demon Cave, Fang Yuan used luck inspection multiple times.


Now that he recalled it, the luck phenomena regarding Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Spectral Soul Demon Venerable were quite accurate, the main reason for what he saw was that Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was split into three existences, while Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was not in his normal state, and they were also not luck path cultivators.




The golden aurora luck of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was clearly not reliable.


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable revived through blood path methods, but this important information was not shown in the luck phenomenon. At the same time, his combat system had a terrifying aftereffect, this was also not exposed.


The golden aurora luck that symbolized Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was suppressed most of the time.


Evidently, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had used luck path methods to conceal his own luck and mislead Fang Yuan.


He was Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, the former luck path venerable, he was also clear of how Cooking Luck Pot worked, it was not strange that he achieved this.


Fang Yuan was currently thinking of using obscured heavenly secret to deceive the two venerables. The truth was, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had already been doing this before the battle in Crazed Demon Cave!


Inside the sovereign immortal aperture.


Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool.


Grey fire was burning intensely, it was huge like a mountain.


Wood path immortal materials were put inside one by one as they melted like candles.


At the bottom of the fire, there was a ten thousand year profound ice.


Rank eight Immortal Gu Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus was sealed within the profound ice!


The Gu Immortals present were tense and nervous originally, but more than ten days had passed since the refinement started, all of them were starting to feel excited and joyful.


“All of the immortal materials have successfully melted.”


“At this rate of progress, in just ten or so days, the advancement will succeed!”


“What sort of incredible Gu refinement method is this! On the surface, it looks like the fusion of ice refinement and fire refinement, but in essence, this is the perfect combination of the profundity of the human isolation style and hairy man natural Gu refinement method.”


“There are also many crucial points that are filled with mystery. Even if we participated personally and watched the entire process closely, we cannot understand the deep meaning contained within. Master is truly worthy of being a refinement path venerable, the difference between us is night and day!”


But right at this time, Fang Yuan’s expression sank.


“Oh no, the Gu refinement is going to fail!”


An intense refinement path intuition filled his mind and body.


Fang Yuan bore no doubt towards this intuition, at the first instant, he realized the truth —


There was a problem with the processing of the wood path immortal materials!


These wood path immortal materials seemed to be fine, but there was a tiny flaw in each step of the process. As these flaws accumulated, they became significant enough to destroy the entire refinement attempt.


If he continued, there would be no point, Fang Yuan made a decision to terminate the Gu refinement attempt!


“What? Why did we stop?!”


“Everything was gone smoothly.”


“Fool, master made a decision, it has to be right. We are too weak, how can we understand him? Immediately follow his orders and do it!”


Within Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool, the ten or so Gu Immortals worked chaotically as they gradually stopped the Gu refinement.


After a day and night, under the full effort of Fang Yuan and the rest, the first refinement attempt stopped.


All of the rank nine immortal materials that they invested were wasted.


The Gu Immortals all had mild injuries, even Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool was damaged.


But what made Fang Yuan feel the most loss was the expenditure of yellow apricot immortal essence.


As the main person involved in this refinement, he suffered the most severe injuries!


Immortal killer move — Refine Self.


Fang Yuan used his killer move and refined all of the wood path and refinement path dao marks while feeling glad internally.


“Thankfully, I became a venerable and gained such precise refinement path intuition, even during the process of refining a rank nine Immortal Gu, I still hold the initiative!”


Having the initiative made the situation completely different.


Like this time, Fang Yuan sensed that he would fail and immediately stopped. By doing this, he suffered much fewer losses and most importantly, their injuries were also kept to a minimum due to their precaution.


Rank nine Immortal Gu refinement was not a simple thing, without intuition, if one failed suddenly, more than half of these Gu Immortals would die, while Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool would be destroyed completely, or if he was lucky, a small portion might remain.


But Fang Yuan would suffer much deeper injuries, it was certain to incapacitate him!


But now that he took the initiative to stop, the loss of resources and Gu Immortals, and the Immortal Gu House’s damage were kept to a minimum, rank eight Immortal Gu Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus was also intact with no damage taken.


Of course, this had to do with the refinement plan that Fang Yuan came up with meticulously.


This time, he chose to use ice refinement to isolate rank eight Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus first, he would only use it in the last few steps.


“If only I could get some success dao marks from Infallible blessed land, that would be great.”


“Or maybe, if I can raise my wood path attainment level, my ability to process these wood path immortal materials will increase, it will help this situation!”


Fang Yuan speculated inwardly.


Even Fang Yuan had not understood completely what the secret behind Infallible blessed land’s success dao marks was.


He was a refinement path venerable, theoretically, he was the number one person in refinement path in the world, his supreme grandmaster attainment level allowed him to grasp every single refinement path method in the world.


But Infallible blessed land was the racial inheritance of hairy men, even until today, Heavenly Court had not managed to take control of it, they were very wary against it. Success dao marks were too helpful for Gu refinement, according to Fang Yuan’s deductions, it not only contained refinement path profundity but also the essence of human path.


This could be speculated by reading <<The Legends of Ren Zu>>.


Precisely because of the human path profundity, Fang Yuan could not replicate the success dao marks now.


After a temporary rest.


Fang Yuan healed himself while stabilizing heaven form, he also used investigative killer moves to observe the two venerables’ actions.


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was in icy sea area, while Star Constellation Immortal Venerable went deep into Northern Plains, they were both focused on refining natural dao marks.


“The best situation is to maintain the status-quo.” For this goal, Fang Yuan was willing to pay more Immortal Gu to them.


This was a necessary investment!


“However, the two venerables are unable to fully refine the natural dao marks of both regions. I do not have much time left!”


Fang Yuan understood this clearly.


It was a simple thing, Eastern Sea and Northern Plains were huge and contained innumerable dao marks, even these two venerables could not refine them all in a short period of time.


This was an easily proven fact.


He only had to check historical records and see how long the venerables took to roam the world after reaching rank nine.


“The two venerables are limited by not just time but also immortal essence!”


“Once the two of them run out of immortal essence reserves, they will not be able to continue refining natural dao marks, they will stop then. After all, they need to keep a portion of their immortal essence for combat and potential unexpected occurrences.”


Thinking of this, Fang Yuan gritted his teeth.


This Gu refinement failure was very disadvantageous to him.


Because it did not fail early but only occurred past the halfway mark, he had to start all over again.


Fang Yuan had too little time, he estimated that there was only one chance left.


“No, one chance is too few.”


“It has been tested that even as a rank nine refinement path venerable, my success rate of refining rank nine Immortal Gu is far lower than rank eight.”


“It seems that I need to gamble harder!”


Fang Yuan immediately ordered for He Chun Qiu to take action in the sovereign immortal aperture again.


Time path killer moves were used in succession, sovereign immortal aperture’s time flow rose again!


But Fang Yuan paid a huge price for this.


Because he had just used time path killer moves earlier, the effect of the current methods were too little. In order to raise the time flow forcefully, Fang Yuan had to use other time path methods.


And the result was that He Chun Qiu’s time path dao marks were all used up in the process!


It could be said that this time path clone was basically useless now.


But in the current situation, with Spring Autumn Cicada being unusable, it was not a huge concern that the time path clone became useless.


After everything was prepared, Fang Yuan started to refine Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus again while racing against time!




