Chapter 2234: Refinement Completed!


Immortal killer move — Seven Kills Rainbow!


Fang Yuan pushed with his palm as a rainbow light shot out.


Bam!


With a loud sound, the rainbow light expanded by tens of times its original size, the huge heavenly beam swept around and destroyed all of the surrounding soul smoke.


After getting a clear path, Fang Yuan raised his speed and successfully broke out of the soul smoke.


At once, the intense sun filled Fang Yuan’s vision, the terrifying light and heat wiped out the soul smoke that trailed behind him.


Spectral Soul Demon Venerable shouted furiously, tearing its thin layer of soul smoke and chasing again.


“Still following me?” Cold light flashed across Fang Yuan’s eyes.


At the crucial moment, he sacrificed the white heavenly spirit, without the burden of heaven form, it was like he had put down a mountain on his back.


Earlier, he could not get close to the sun because of heaven form.


Without this worry anymore, Fang Yuan approached the sun even more closely.




The terrifying white light almost blinded his eyes. The temperature rose intensely, even with three defensive methods, Fang Yuan still felt difficulty in breathing, he was covered in perspiration.


Spectral Soul Demon Venerable who was behind him activated killer moves again, hundreds of arms that were thick as huge trees appeared. Black smoke surged from his body, spreading to the surrounding few li.


Spectral Soul Demon Venerable got closer to Fang Yuan while covered in thick smoke.


“He wants to use a battlefield killer move to trap me?” Surprise flashed in Fang Yuan’s eyes as he took action to destroy the black smoke.


Spectral Soul Demon Venerable immediately suffered a backlash, his aura weakened greatly.


Most of Fang Yuan’s attention was on sovereign immortal aperture, he had not stopped focusing on the matter of refining Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus.


Frankly speaking, the current Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was giving Fang Yuan very little pressure!


The lack of sanity was Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s greatest weakness.


Like earlier, he followed his instincts and tried to use a battlefield killer move to trap Fang Yuan, it was too stupid. Fang Yuan easily broke it and caused him to suffer a huge backlash.


Earlier in Crazed Demon Cave, Fang Yuan, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, and Paradise Earth were inside the Door of Life and Death, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable had incomparable battle strength then.




But now, without the soul path environment, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s threat became much lower.


“And most importantly, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable is not in a good condition now, he must have paid a huge price to deal with that hole in Crazed Demon Cave!”


“This means that the hole has likely been fixed by Spectral Soul Demon Venerable already.”


Fang Yuan knew that if there was a hole in the world boundary, the Heavenly Dao would use methods to heal itself. But because the chaos outside surged endlessly, self-healing was very difficult. The larger the hole, the more difficult it would be.


Back then, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable created a hole that needed several venerables to work together to mend it.


But the hole in Limitless Demon Venerable’s Crazed Demon formation was the smallest. The formation resisted the chaos and kept the hole small, allowing Crazed Demon Cave to exist for so long.


After the battle in Crazed Demon Cave, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable went to fix this hole, he used his own foundation to resist the surging chaos, allowing the Heavenly Dao to have an opportunity to fix it.


Thus, there was no surprise in this outcome.


If the hole still existed, with Heavenly Court’s stance, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable would not lure Spectral Soul Demon Venerable away. The truth was, if the hole was still around Spectral Soul Demon Venerable would not come out either. According to Fang Yuan’s deductions, he would focus on the hole as his first priority!


“It is a pity that ghostly concealment has no effect, otherwise, I can get away from Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.”


Fang Yuan inherited Thieving Heaven true inheritance’s ghostly concealment, but the venerables knew about this.


Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, and even Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had ways to counter it.


“Ghostly concealment was created in Thieving Heaven’s time, after three hundred thousand years, it is already outdated in the venerables’ eyes.”


Fang Yuan wanted to modify it too, but he lacked theft path and soul path attainment levels.


But even without ghostly concealment, Fang Yuan could still get away from Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.


At the next moment, the battlefield killer move that he prepared for a long time activated!


The killer move expanded and enveloped Fang Yuan, it then condensed into a small dot and vanished completely.


Spectral Soul Demon Venerable attacked the original spot with countless attacks but there was no effect, he could only move around the area while growling in anger.


“I cannot waste this chance, such an opportunity will not come again!” Inside the battlefield killer move, Fang Yuan’s eyes shined with brilliance, he started to refine Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus with his full strength.


This was his last chance.


Within Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool, flames surged as an icy river melted, pieces of rank nine immortal materials were placed into the fire like cheap vegetables.


At the core of the fire, there was a droplet of red liquid, it was as dense as molten lava.


The red molten liquid was covered in a layer of golden radiance, it slowly dripped onto Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus.


Under Fang Yuan’s full control, the red molten liquid slowly permeated and spread around the surface of Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus.


All of the Gu Immortals were silent and did not dare to breathe heavily.


Because they knew that these last few steps were the most crucial!


If he fails, rank eight Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus would be heavily damaged or even destroyed.


Fang Yuan went missing!


At the moment Fang Yuan entered the battlefield killer move, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable used their strongest investigative methods.


Under the protection of obscured heavenly secret, they only saw that Fang Yuan went into the battlefield, they did not find out the truth that he was refining Gu.


“So he used this move after all…” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was not surprised.


If Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was sane, Fang Yuan would not do something so stupid. But because he was currently unable to think, it was a brilliant decision to do this and avoid him.


“He wants to use the sun to weaken Spectral Soul?” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable guessed.


Spectral Soul Demon Venerable stayed at the spot where Fang Yuan vanished, but the sun was still moving forward.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable smiled lightly, she immediately contacted Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and gave a suggestion to work together.


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable could not help but feel moved.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable did not suggest to make a move on Fang Yuan, instead, her new target was Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.


Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was not clear headed now, he had also left the Door of Life and Death. Even though he had venerable cultivation level, he was the weakest one. Now was the best time to kill him.


If Spectral Soul Demon Venerable regained his sanity, then there would be a new chess player in the five regions and two heavens.


That was something neither of the three venerables wanted to see.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable not only contacted Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, she also spoke to Fang Yuan.


“This old woman is brewing a good scheme.”


“Not only did she get Immortal Gu from me, she also refined Northern Plains’ wisdom path dao marks. After destroying my heaven form, she wants to kill Spectral Soul Demon Venerable now!”


The methods of wisdom path Gu Immortals usually came consecutively, they were hard to deal with over time.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was the strongest wisdom path Gu Immortal in history, her methods and schemes made even Fang Yuan and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable wary.


However, it was undeniable that this suggestion was very tempting.


Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was in such a state, he had strength but not sanity, he was the best prey.


“Normally, I will definitely be moved. But now, refining Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus is the most important thing.” Thinking of this, Fang Yuan still agreed to the suggestion.


It was too suspicious if he refused.


On one hand, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable might think that he was lacking immortal essence and did not want to take action, it might cause them to pincer-attack him.


On the other hand, if Fang Yuan hid in the corner, the two venerables would not truly fight Spectral Soul Demon Venerable. They did not want him to reap the benefits as a spectator after all.


Currently, in the sovereign immortal aperture, the sixth drop of red molten liquid had already entered Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus.


Fang Yuan agreed to Star Constellation Immortal Venerable while contacting Giant Sun Immortal Venerable: “Giant Sun, I’m afraid Star Constellation Immortal Venerable has a deeper scheme in mind. Don’t forget that she once controlled Spectral Soul Demon Venerable. It is likely that she will use us to weaken him before attempting to take control again.”


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable responded quickly: “Heavenly Court is still very strong, while Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s schemes are unfathomable. However, we must try to kill Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, if he regains his sanity, it will be a problem for us all!”


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable also agreed to Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s suggestion.


This was beneficial to him after all.


He had abundant immortal essence now, if everyone fought, they would use up immortal essence, his advantage would become even greater!


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable went into the two heavens, they started to fight against Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.


After a few rounds, under the urging of the two venerables, Fang Yuan had to cancel his battlefield killer move and join in the fight with his main body.


It could not be helped.


If he did not go out, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable would break his battlefield killer move together and force him out.


Spectral Soul Demon Venerable could not think clearly now, he was helpless against a battlefield killer move but the two venerables were different.


Starlight shined while golden light surged, Fang Yuan’s totem killer moves also followed after them.


Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was encircled and ganged up on, he landed in a pathetic state and lost several hundred arms.


He retaliated fiercely with soul rivers and black soul lightning balls that exploded continuously.


His main target was still Fang Yuan!


“If he devoured the white heavenly spirit, his ability to think would return. Is that why he hates me so much…”


Fang Yuan gritted his teeth but did not dodge!


Within the sovereign immortal aperture, he reached the final step.


The ninety-ninth molten liquid landed on Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus and started to spread.


Rumble…


Fang Yuan’s vision turned dark, his body was covered in the cries and screams of anguished souls.


Multiple layers of defensive killer moves erupted as Fang Yuan bled from his seven orifices, his soul was shaking intensely.


“What happened?”


“Did he make a mistake?”


The two venerables retreated to the side, in the earlier situation, Fang Yuan should have had time to dodge.


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable looked at each other, they did not make a move.


They would not save Fang Yuan of course, but due to conflicting dao marks, if they attacked him, they would be weakening the soul path attack.


Using this chance created by Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s attack, Fang Yuan stalled for the last bit of time he needed.


Boom!!!


Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool erupted with unparalleled light, Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus was successfully elevated at this moment, its rank nine aura surged like a tsunami, spreading rapidly and filling the entire aperture!




