Chapter 2235: Spectral Soul Alone Is Nothing To Fear


Rank three Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus.


Rank four Heavenly Essence Treasure Monarch Lotus.


Rank five Heavenly Essence Treasure King Lotus.


And above rank five… Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus!


The Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus that he obtained from Lang Ya Sect was finally raised to rank nine at this moment.


This rank nine Immortal Gu still had jade green lotus leaves, its surface was bright and smooth, like it had a layer of glaze. At the center of the lotus, there was the bud of a lotus flower.


The lotus flower had pure white jade-like petals, they were flawless and perfect, seemingly out of this world.


Once rank nine Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus was refined, it activated on its own, absorbing the surrounding primeval energy to convert them into clear dew beads.


These pure dew beads gathered as they flowed along the glazed leaves, gathering into the bud at the center droplet by droplet.


The white jade flower bud absorbed the dew droplets and started to turn pink at the top.


Fang Yuan personally refined this Immortal Gu, he was clear about this, the white jade flower bud would gather more dew droplets and turn from white to pink, and from pink to bright red.




When the flower petals turned red completely, it would bloom and reveal the jade green lotus pod inside.


Within the lotus pod, there would be eighty-one lotus seeds, each of them was a yellow apricot immortal essence bead!


After the yellow apricot immortal essence beads were extracted, the lotus flower would contract and turn white again. Next, it would absorb the clear dew droplets and restart the process again.


“Rank nine Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus, Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable’s vital Gu, ranked sixth on the Immortal Gu list..” Information flashed past Fang Yuan’s mind, all of them proved the immense value of this Immortal Gu.


But the truth was, Fang Yuan knew that this sixth placing of the Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus was too much of an underestimate.


The reason?


Before fate Gu was destroyed, venerables were invincible, they ruled their own era as the sole supreme entity.


Even though Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable had rank nine Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus and became the richest venerable in history in terms of immortal essence, this advantage was useless in his life.


In his era, he was the only venerable, he had no use for most of his rank nine immortal essence. Without any opponent, even an expert could only live his life mundanely!


But now was different, fate Gu was destroyed and the reign of three venerables appeared, others might even revive later.




“Oh Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus, in my hands, you will shine brightly like never before!”


Fang Yuan was joyous.


This result made all the earlier risks worth it.


Even though he paid a terrifying price.


Adding in his earlier failures, Fang Yuan used up thirty percent of his rank nine wood path immortal materials!


“The crisis is not over yet.” Fang Yuan analyzed calmly to himself.


Surrounding him, a black soul river surged endlessly.


“Break.” Fang Yuan shouted and activated his killer move, he barged out like a shooting star.


Without the Gu refinement burdening his thoughts, he had a lot of usable strength now.


Spectral Soul Demon Venerable attacked again while Fang Yuan retreated.


“Fang Yuan, let’s cooperate to attack him.” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable reminded.


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable also stared at Fang Yuan intently, he used luck path methods unceasingly to try and see how much immortal essence Fang Yuan still had.


Fang Yuan snorted coldly, his expression was livid as he said angrily: “Are you two bullying me because of my age? We were all meant to attack together, but I ended up facing the brunt of his attacks, not only did you two not help me, you even let Spectral Soul Demon Venerable go off while you watched this by the sidelines? Is this your so-called cooperation?”


Saying so, he activated a compound killer move as yellowish brown light shot out to block Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s attack.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was silent before smiling and saying: “Fang Yuan, you are mistaken. Even though we cooperated, our dao marks conflict, making a move would have had negative effects instead.”


Saying this, she waved her hand as a large amount of stardust landed on Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, breaking several hundred of his arms.


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable also took action, golden light descended like sand and grinded away at Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s luck.


Fang Yuan relaxed his mind at this moment, he sighed to himself as he thought: This obscured heavenly secret killer move is really useful.


The situation earlier was simply too perilous.


As long as the two venerables sensed something wrong with Fang Yuan, they would attack him without restraint. But at that worst timing, he had too little immortal essence and could not fight them.


If they attacked him, Fang Yuan would have no choice but to try and run.


Even though Fang Yuan did not have the white heavenly spirit anymore, this was still a worthwhile trade off.


Even with all of Fang Yuan’s methods, it was only because he expended the white heavenly spirit that he could deceive both venerables at such a close range.


But Fang Yuan did not know how long he could continue to deceive them.


As Spectral Soul Demon Venerable roared, he activated burning soul bursting luck to block Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s golden sand.


But Spectral Soul Demon Venerable still charged at Fang Yuan!


Because Fang Yuan destroyed the white heavenly spirit, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable bore huge hatred towards him.


Fang Yuan snorted coldly, he did not fight back with force, he flew towards Star Constellation Immortal Venerable instead.


The three venerables fought against Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, they had their own positions that were far away from each other. But now, Fang Yuan and Spectral Soul Demon Venerable moved quickly, they got close to her rapidly.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable snorted coldly as starlight flew out of her mouth and rained down like a storm.


The starlight rain surrounded Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s body like a river while shooting stars of various sizes shot out of the ripples.


Instantly, countless flying stars appeared in the battlefield, it was a dazzling sight!


“Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had such a move to summon so many stardust specks in a short period of time…” Fang Yuan shook internally.


These stardust specks were harmless to him.


He only had to wipe them to refine all of these star marks, he had the perfect counter to this combat system.


But Spectral Soul Demon Venerable could not do that.


Because he was not sane, after getting hit by the stardust specks, his body became covered in injuries, he roared angrily but his injuries accumulated.


“Good chance!” Fang Yuan turned around and fought again, he unleashed another killer move.


This was a refinement path method.


The killer move shined with intense radiance, enveloping Spectral Soul Demon Venerable and eroding his soul beast body wherever the light went.


But Star Constellation Immortal Venerable frowned deeply as she shouted: “Fang Yuan, what are you trying to do?!”


The reason was that although Fang Yuan hurt Spectral Soul Demon Venerable with this move, the refinement path killer move was also used on the star path dao marks.


Fang Yuan got rid of over half the star marks that Star Constellation Immortal Venerable accumulated over this time.


Spectral Soul Demon Venerable benefited from this and went back to a relaxed state.


“A small blunder, it is just a mistake.” Fang Yuan laughed heartily.


After a few rounds went by, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable also frowned, he spoke with a tone of anger: “Fang Yuan, what are your true intentions?!”


Fang Yuan said innocently: “I am trying to attack Spectral Soul Demon Venerable along with you. But we have conflicting dao marks, and a lack of cooperation normally, this will get better if we continue to fight.”


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable snorted coldly together.


Fang Yuan was doing this on purpose, he was acting like a nuisance, disrupting Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s attacks.


After a few more rounds.


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable shouted angrily: “Fang Yuan, enough is enough! The immemorial soul beasts you released are all countered by Spectral Soul Demon Venerable. After devouring them, he recovered by thirty percent.”


Fang Yuan rubbed his nose: “I did not know that he had such methods.”


Saying so, he brought out a few more immemorial soul beasts.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s eyes shined with starlight specks, she stared at Fang Yuan and said in an icy cold tone: “You are still letting more out?!”


Fang Yuan smiled plainly: “Star Constellation, don’t worry, I used a method on these immemorial soul beasts, this is part of my plan. Just watch.”


Not long after, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable saw that Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s injuries were recovering even more rapidly, his mental energy also recovered as well.


Before the two venerables questioned him, Fang Yuan rubbed his nose: “Oh, it seems that my plan failed.”


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable stayed silent while Star Constellation Immortal Venerable wanted to speak, but Fang Yuan suddenly snorted coldly: “Give me a minute I need to prepare a powerful method!”


Saying so, he flew up to the sky and looked down at the battlefield.


The two venerables looked at each other before taking action to obstruct Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.


After Fang Yuan’s preparation, a huge field of fire clouds appeared above him. From them, flaming meteors descended, they were all around the size of mountains, there was a long trail behind them as they crashed into Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.


Following his instincts, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable roared towards the sky, but he saw that these meteors flew past him without landing on him at all!


Countless meteors flew across the battlefield, descending rapidly.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s expression turned colder as her eyes sparked like lightning, Star Constellation Chessboard appeared above her head.


A large number of pieces flew out of the chessboard and hit the flaming meteors rapidly, destroying them.


Fang Yuan was confused: “Star Constellation, what are you doing?! These flaming meteors are very useful to me, I have a second move to use with them.”


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable gritted her teeth: “If I did not stop them, these meteors would have pierced the heavenly wind qi wall and landed in Central Continent.”


Fang Yuan smiled coldly: “Star Constellation, we are trying to kill a venerable, are you unwilling to pay a small price like this? If this happened in Eastern Sea, I would not have interfered. With this level of sincerity, you think we can kill Spectral Soul Demon Venerable today?”


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable stared at Fang Yuan: “Fang Yuan, don’t go overboard! Among the three of us, who do you think has the least sincerity?”


Fang Yuan’s expression also turned cold: “Star Constellation, do you think I am such a person? To kill Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, I gave you multiple Immortal Gu and even lost my heaven form killer move!”


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable were speechless.


It was clearly Fang Yuan’s poor planning that got him targeted, he was too weak and unable to protect his rank nine killer move, but now, from his tone, he wanted to seek compensation from them?


How could that be possible!


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable spoke: “Fang Yuan, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable is targeting you. The two of us are helping you to deal with Spectral Soul Demon Venerable now.”


But Fang Yuan laughed heartily: “Do I need your help? I can easily take care of this. You two can return to Longevity Heaven and Heavenly Court, I will fight against Spectral Soul Demon Venerable in Central Continent and Northern Plains to the best of my abilities, and I will take his life in the end. Just Spectral Soul alone is nothing to fear!”




