Chapter 2236: Secretly Unsealing Truthful Floating Ice


Fang Yuan said while unsealing more immemorial soul beasts.


Spectral Soul Demon Venerable moved rapidly, grabbing these immemorial soul beasts and devouring them into his stomach.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s eyelids were twitching while Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s expression turned dark.


Earlier, Fang Yuan emphasized on the words ‘Central Continent, Northern Plains’, he was clearly using these regions to threaten them.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable suggested that they should kill Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, regardless of her motive, this suggestion itself was a good one.


But because of Fang Yuan’s actions, he was clearly disrupting the two venerables and using it as a threat to extort something from them to make up for his losses this time.


The two venerables smiled coldly to themselves, they understood why he would do this.


If they placed themselves in Fang Yuan’s perspective, they would do the same thing.


After all, Fang Yuan was a new venerable, he did not have a deep foundation like the other two, he lacked immortal essence as well, these reasons caused him to lag behind the two venerables. If they fought against Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, he would face the greatest risk.


Even if Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was killed, in terms of snatching battle spoils, because Fang Yuan lacked immortal essence and would not be able to last longer in combat, it was likely that he could not outdo these two venerables. In fact, after they kill Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, if he runs out of immortal essence, the two of them would attack him immediately!


Fighting in this situation was very disadvantageous to Fang Yuan.




As for the two venerables?


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable secretly transmitted: “Giant Sun, Heaven Refining Demon Venerable spent a lot of immortal essence to guard heaven form, he is currently at his weakest. You know that he is a greater threat than Spectral Soul Demon Venerable! Why don’t we…”


Before Star Constellation Immortal Venerable finished, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable interrupted: “Star Constellation, you can make a move first, I will support you!”


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable snorted: “Giant Sun, your words lack sincerity.”


Whoever attacked Fang Yuan first would face his retaliation first.


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable said that nicely, but if Star Constellation Immortal Venerable attacked, would he still help? What was in his best interests was to watch Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Heaven Refining Demon Venerable fight it out.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable wanted to work with Giant Sun Immortal Venerable to fight against Fang Yuan. The truth was, she felt more wary against Fang Yuan!


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable also wanted to see Fang Yuan’s death.


They all knew that Fang Yuan had the least amount of immortal essence among them.


But how low was low?




They had to make sure of this quantity first.


According to their investigative methods, Fang Yuan still had a portion of his immortal essence reserves.


If either of the two venerables wanted to kill Fang Yuan, they would need to pay a terrifying price. And in this situation with three venerables, they simply could not take the risk.


The two venerables working together was the best choice for them.


But Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable did not trust each other at all!


They were also worried that if they forced Fang Yuan’s hand, he might attack Central Continent and Northern Plains!


Normally speaking, Gu Immortals had their own unspoken rules, they would not attack mortals or Gu Masters. This was something very disgraceful, especially for a venerable, their pride would not allow them to make such actions.


“But with Fang Yuan’s principles and bottom line, he would not hesitate to do so.” Both venerables agreed on this point with no uncertainty.


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was the most protective of his descendants, how could he allow Fang Yuan to slaughter them openly?


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was the second Immortal King of Heavenly Court, how could she watch as Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects get destroyed by Fang Yuan? She would become a great sinner of Heavenly Court!


Thus, both venerables did not dare to act excessively.


“Sigh, now it seems that we cannot kill Fang Yuan or Spectral Soul Demon Venerable this time.” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable sighed to herself: “In that case, what’s the point of wasting time here?”


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable wanted to retreat now, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was thinking of the same thing.


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable still felt some grudge towards Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, he transmitted to her secretly: “I have to say, Star Constellation, if you really want to use Spectral Soul Demon Venerable to deal a blow to Fang Yuan, you should have stalled for more time so that he would waste more immortal essence on heaven form!”


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable snorted coldly: “The fusion of the two heavens was short and intense, now is the most unstable moment, it is extremely hard to sustain heaven form. Fang Yuan is a refinement path venerable, with his ability, he should have been able to protect the killer move while resisting Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.”


“Who could have thought that he would resolutely sacrifice the white heavenly spirit and give up on this rank nine killer move!” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable showed an expression of pity.


She did not know the truth.


Fang Yuan had done his best at that time, the refinement of a rank nine Immortal Gu took too much of his attention, he had no choice but to give up on heaven form.


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable sighed as well: “Star Constellation, don’t you understand? Even though Fang Yuan is a demon, he is extremely cautious. He seems to be taking huge risks at times, but he is extremely vigilant inside. Although many of his actions seemed rash and risky, he had done so because of Spring Autumn Cicada, he was greatly assured!”


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable snorted coldly, she did not want to talk with Giant Sun Immortal Venerable secretly anymore, she spoke out loud: “In that case, forget about it. We’ll meet again, everyone!”


Saying so, she turned around to leave.


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable smiled at Fang Yuan and left just as quickly as her.


Fang Yuan purposely moved slightly slower than them, he was stunned before retreating, but Spectral Soul Demon Venerable pursued him.


Fang Yuan transmitted to the two venerables: “You two left so abruptly, you still want to talk about sincerity?! Spectral Soul Demon Venerable has lost his sanity, are you going to let him slaughter the innocent lives in the world? You two are so cruel, you are vicious people, how can you call yourselves Immortal Venerables?”


After Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable heard his words, they could not help but think of his ‘mistakes’ earlier which helped to heal Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable kept quiet and did not reply.


While Giant Sun Immortal Venerable smiled and said: “Fang Yuan, we underestimated you in Crazed Demon Cave which resulted in your success. But now, you have to work harder, there is no need to say such things in the future. How can simple words affect the battle between venerables? Powerless excuses will only sound like the expression of the weak.”


“Good, good, good.” Fang Yuan gritted his teeth and said these words forcefully before he went silent.


Spectral Soul Demon Venerable bore deep hatred towards Fang Yuan, even though the two venerables left, he still chased Fang Yuan relentlessly.


After Fang Yuan toyed around with him for some time, he used the same trick to activate a battlefield killer move and conceal himself again.


After Spectral Soul Demon Venerable lost his target, he remained at the area and growled angrily, refusing to leave for a long time.


“Good, while Fang Yuan is trapped, I can use this chance to refine Heavenly Court’s wisdom path dao marks.” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable returned to Heavenly Court and said in satisfaction as she saw this.


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was still on the way back to Northern Plains, he thought: “In this contest of three venerables, Fang Yuan suffered the greatest losses. Not only did he lose the rank nine killer move heaven form and several Immortal Gu, he also expended some immortal essence. If he was not crafty enough to help Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, he will be in a worse state.”


“Star Constellation Immortal Venerable…”


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s eyes shined with bright light.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had refined many Northern Plains wisdom path dao marks, the size surpassed the luck path dao marks that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable refined in Central Continent.


The reason was because Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s emphasis was on Fang Yuan’s Eastern Sea, although he refined some Central Continent luck path dao marks, the total quantity was only half of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


But Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was not assured, after returning to Longevity Heaven, he used luck path investigative methods.


With some buzzing sound, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable first checked Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s luck, it had gotten slightly stronger.


He looked at Fang Yuan’s luck, it was still the same broken furnace as earlier.


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable then inspected his own luck and frowned lightly.


“Even though my luck grew stronger, the external threat has grown significantly. What is going on? Where is this threat coming from?”


There were too few things that could threaten a venerable.


“Fang Yuan? No way.” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable shook his head.


“The other venerables? Like the possible revival of Reckless Savage Demon Venerable or others?”


“The most likely ones are from Heavenly Court! Star Constellation Immortal Venerable gained a lot this time, while Heavenly Court’s two other Immortal Venerables have yet to revive!”


“It seems that my greatest enemy is still Heavenly Court. In comparison, although Fang Yuan is a venerable, his foundation is too thin. In the contest of venerables, one step behind will cause him to lag by many steps later. In the future… if we maintain our advantage, we can just guard against his possible retaliation.”


Currently, in terms of venerable battle strength, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was the least threatening.


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was the strongest, especially in Longevity Heaven, using his previous life’s dao marks, he could forcefully inspect the luck of the other venerables. This was something that Star Constellation Immortal Venerable could not do.


But in the outside world, without Longevity Heaven’s luck path dao marks, even if Giant Sun Immortal Venerable used similar methods, he could not reach such an effect.


“Maybe I can try to attack Heavenly Court?” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable suddenly had such a thought.


Once Star Constellation Immortal Venerable refines Heavenly Court’s wisdom path dao marks, she would receive a greater amplification than Giant Sun Immortal Venerable!


This was because not only had Star Constellation Immortal Venerable contributed her own immortal aperture into it, all of the previous generation wisdom path Gu Immortals had also done the same, becoming part of Heavenly Court’s foundation.


But Giant Sun Immortal Venerable soon shook his head, rejecting this idea.


Firstly, he did not have heaven form, the luck path method he used to invade Heavenly Court earlier had been dismantled, he could not get in easily anymore.


Secondly, fighting against Heavenly Court’s Star Constellation Immortal Venerable now would expend his immortal essence, it would allow Fang Yuan to catch up.


“In the contest of three venerables, neither can make a move easily. We need more situations like today’s to truly claim victory.” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable sighed, he did not stay in Longevity Heaven for long, he went back to Northern Plains to refine the luck path dao marks.


Fang Yuan was still ‘trapped’ in the battlefield killer move, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable had not left yet.


But Fang Yuan was not anxious.


“I’ll show weakness for a while longer to relax the two venerables’ guard.”


“But undoubtedly, this obscured heavenly secret killer move is so useful!” This was not the first time Fang Yuan praised this move.


Right now, obscured heavenly secret’s temporary heaven path dao marks were extremely dense, they were like a huge fishing net that wrapped around his entire body.


Within the sovereign immortal aperture, after the first blooming of Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus, Fang Yuan gained ninety-nine yellow apricot immortal essence beads!


A flash of light sparked in Fang Yuan’s eyes as yellow apricot immortal essence was rapidly expended, soon, he activated a heaven path method.


Using this heaven path killer move, he started to unseal the truthful floating ice that he obtained from Crazed Demon Cave.




