Chapter 2237: Heaven Path Master


Inside the sovereign immortal aperture.


The blue-white truthful floating ice was shrinking inch by inch.


In the battle in Crazed Demon Cave, Fang Yuan obtained several pieces of truthful floating ice, among them, one was quite large.


As yellow apricot immortal essence got rapidly expended, his heaven path dao marks also grew in numbers rapidly!


Fang Yuan’s heaven path dao marks had reached two hundred and forty thousand already, after unsealing the truthful floating ice for six hours, his heaven path dao marks grew by sixty thousand. Ten thousand dao marks per hour, it was quite a good gain.


But this was not his own gain.


Fang Yuan’s rule path, wisdom path, transformation path, strength path, earth path, wood path, and others were rising.


“These paths correspond to Limitless Demon Venerable, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, Reckless Savage Demon Venerable, Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable, Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable… These venerables all went into the eighth layer of Crazed Demon Cave, they had their respective investments.”


“No, that’s not all.” After unsealing the truthful floating ice for sixteen hours, Fang Yuan found that his other paths’ attainment levels were rising too.


But the growth in the other paths was much smaller and almost unobservable. Only after a long time and with sufficient accumulation could there be any significant changes.


Among all the paths, the attainment level that rose the most was heaven path!




Fang Yuan’s foundation in heaven path was actually very weak.


He had only cultivated it for a short time after all. All of his foundation were obtained from predecessors, for example, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s human executing heaven’s work, or Limitless Demon Venerable’s unrestrained heavenly mark killer move.


Several days later in sovereign immortal aperture, his heaven path dao marks grew to a million and two hundred thousand. His heaven path attainment level went all the way from ordinary to master level!


Fang Yuan stopped for now.


He had expended over a hundred yellow apricot immortal essence beads.


If Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus had not bloomed once more during this period, Fang Yuan would not be able to keep up the expenditure.


“I need to save some immortal essence in case of a venerable battle.”


Fang Yuan carefully assessed his gains.


The heaven path master attainment level gave him a comprehensive growth!


Regarding his heaven path Gu recipes, killer moves, and the understanding of the Heavenly Dao, he had renewed insight and even deeper comprehension.




The most crucial thing was the conflict of dao marks!


His earlier intuition was not wrong, after becoming a heaven path master, he would be able to create a conflict dao mark method to completely solve the sovereign immortal aperture’s problem.


The sovereign immortal aperture had many different phenomena occurring, the origin was because of the non-conflicting dao marks, they had fused too easily.


Once conflict arose, sovereign immortal aperture would be elevated to a new level, it would regain peace.


Fang Yuan immediately used wisdom path methods to fully deduce the relevant killer move.


Several days passed.


Fang Yuan stored the battlefield killer move and left the immemorial two heavens.


Spectral Soul Demon Venerable stayed for a long time but eventually gave up. Now, he was rampaging in the immemorial two heavens while eating soul beast armies and also fighting against the sun.


Fang Yuan had no heaven form killer move left, he could not sense Spectral Soul Demon Venerable who was far away.


But Fang Yuan got back to Eastern Sea successfully.


He landed deep in Eastern Sea and started to refine the natural refinement path dao marks of Eastern Sea.


At once, profound light surged as rank nine aura spread like a tornado to the surroundings, the countless lifeforms nearby fled in fear.


Song clan’s Gu Immortals were the first ones alerted, after seeing this, they understood: Great Love Immortal Venerable was refining the natural refinement path dao marks.


Song clan’s first supreme elder quickly gathered the Gu Immortals to discuss the matter, they wanted to meet Fang Yuan and offer him a gift.


After all, Fang Yuan was currently in Song clan’s territory.


However, they were soon informed by Wu Shuai that the members of the Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance were not allowed to disturb Great Love Immortal Venerable now.


Song clan’s members signed in relief but they also felt disappointed.


While Fang Yuan refined the natural dao marks, he also continued deducing his heaven path killer moves.


Not long after, he gained some results.


But Fang Yuan was not satisfied yet.


This newly deduced heaven path killer move was not much different from Paradise Earth’s heavenly summary earthly norm.


Heavenly summary earthly norm was able to arrange heaven path dao marks to allow the target to recover to their normal condition, it was the counter to battlefield killer moves.


Fang Yuan’s deductions allowed heavenly summary earthly norm to go one step further.


When used in the sovereign immortal aperture, it could allow the environment of the immortal aperture to change into the environment of the five regions and two heavens.


The natural dao marks of the five regions and two heavens were definitely conflicting. Thus, after converting them, the sovereign immortal aperture’s dao marks would also conflict.


“If I use this killer move hundreds or thousands of times, my sovereign immortal aperture will become like the five regions and two heavens, it will no longer have any strange phenomena.”


“But in that case, I will lose my advantage of non-conflicting dao marks, the losses will be too severe and I cannot cultivate all paths again.”


That was a cost Fang Yuan could not accept.


Looking at the sovereign immortal aperture’s advantage and its abnormal phenomena, the former was naturally more important.


“Can’t the conflict appear and disappear according to my will? Segregating the locations of conflicting dao marks like the time path zones?”


Fang Yuan sighed internally.


He had no idea on how to start realizing this concept.


Maybe when his heaven path attainment level reaches great grandmaster or higher, he might be able to achieve this?


This time, Fang Yuan did not have any intuition regarding this, he could not be certain.


“Speaking of which, sovereign immortal fetus Gu is a human path rank nine Immortal Gu. To resolve my current problem, maybe I should target human path instead?” Fang Yuan had a flash of inspiration, he saw a new direction to move towards.


He had found the solution in terms of heaven path, but the price to pay was something that Fang Yuan could not accept.


Would human path work?


Back then, to refine sovereign immortal fetus Gu, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable sacrificed the ten extreme physiques.


Speaking of human path research results, Fang Yuan thought of his clone who was trapped in Divine Emperor City.


After Shen Shang broke out of Divine Emperor City, he only brought back news of the clone who was still lurking inside Divine Emperor City.


“In the current world, Shen Shang is definitely one of the top human path experts, if I want to get his human path research results, what sort of price should I pay?”


Heavenly Court.


“Oh? Fang Yuan left the two heavens and went back to Eastern Sea, he has started refining natural dao marks.” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable soon heard of Fang Yuan’s actions.


“Even though he has the least immortal essence, he became venerable through refinement path. In terms of refining dao marks, it should be his expertise.” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was very concerned with Fang Yuan’s speed of refining dao marks.


If Fang Yuan’s efficiency was too high, she would join up with Giant Sun Immortal Venerable to deal with Fang Yuan together.


Otherwise, if he surpassed them in this aspect, it would be a huge problem for Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable!


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable did not want to think about Spectral Soul Demon Venerable now.


The contest of three venerables had reached a new stage.


Whichever venerable refined the most natural dao marks would have the greatest advantage.


“When refining the dao marks, I can multitask by modifying killer moves and changing my combat system. This will grant me an advantage in the future fight between the venerables.”


“Star Eyes, Star Thought, Permanence…”


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable stared at these three Immortal Gu in her immortal aperture as her gaze became focused.


After obtaining them from Fang Yuan, she had already inspected them a hundred times but found no problems.


Yet, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was still a little suspicious.


She was not a refinement path venerable after all, although she had some achievements in refinement path, she could not compare to Fang Yuan at all, this was undeniable.


It was like asking Fang Yuan to compare with Star Constellation Immortal Venerable in wisdom path, they were not on the same level.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had spent a hundred years of time to refine rank nine wisdom Gu in her previous life.


“Even if I find no issues with them, this does not mean that Fang Yuan did not tamper with them. But this possibility is quite small… I also have to use these Immortal Gu no matter what.”


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable decided to take a risk.


She cultivated wisdom path primarily with star path secondarily, her combat system revolved around these two paths. But currently, her main method, the stardust killer move, was countered by Fang Yuan.


If Star Constellation Immortal Venerable wanted to gain an advantage in their future fight, she would need to modify it greatly.


In her modification plan, star thought Gu, star eyes Gu, and permanence Gu had a huge role to play. Otherwise, why would Star Constellation Immortal Venerable request for Fang Yuan to make them?


Longevity Heaven.


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable retracted his gaze from Eastern Sea.


“Now, I need to pay attention to Fang Yuan’s refinement progress.” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable reminded himself while checking his own immortal essence reserves.


He only had over five hundred yellow apricot immortal essence beads left.


The refinement of natural dao marks expended a lot of immortal essence.


Longevity Heaven could not produce immortal essence, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was relying on his own rank nine immortal aperture, the production speed was similar to Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


Be it Longevity Heaven or Heavenly Court, the revived two venerables were on the same level as Fang Yuan, they had not gone through the first chaotic disaster.


“Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture has immense foundation far surpassing me and Star Constellation. Thus, using the same amount of time, he can produce more immortal essence than us.”


“Also, he has a large number of blood path Immortal Gu!”


Thinking of this, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s expression turned a little dark.


He cultivated luck path mainly with blood path on the side, he naturally needed a lot of blood path Immortal Gu.


But Fang Yuan had refined many of them already, although they were kept at rank six, Immortal Gu were unique.


This ruined many of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s wonderful plans.


Earlier, when guarding heaven form, Fang Yuan negotiated with Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, he used these blood path Immortal Gu as the bargaining chip to haggle with Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable managed to get three Immortal Gu from Fang Yuan, but Giant Sun Immortal Venerable got none.


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was brooding over this.


“Star Constellation Immortal Venerable knows that Fang Yuan has the sovereign immortal aperture, as long as the latter’s refinement speed is fast, I will contact her.”


“It is unlikely that she will reject my offer to work together!”


“By then, I will work with Star Constellation Immortal Venerable to fight against Fang Yuan again. While expending his immortal essence, I can also extort those blood path Immortal Gu from him.”


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable made various plans.


He did not know that Fang Yuan was in possession of Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus, thus, he was more wary of Heavenly Court now.


But now, there was no opportunity for him to attack Heavenly Court or Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


Fang Yuan’s possession of those blood path Immortal Gu also greatly hindered his own blood path cultivation.




