Chapter 2244: Sudden Love


“Huff, huff, huff…” Gu Yue Fang Xiang breathed roughly, he hid behind the roots of an ancient tree.


The huge ancient tree had giant roots protruding out of the ground, they were interwoven and created a secluded area.


Gu Yue Fang Xiang managed to temporarily get away from the pursuit, he gained some time to rest and recover.


He was still bleeding profusely from his mouth and nose, he hurriedly wiped away the traces on his lips as he started to inspect his own physical condition.


Gu Yue Fang Xiang’s expression turned dim, he found more than ten injuries on his body, he had three bone fractures and the most severe injuries were in his organs, he needed healing urgently.


But he was neither worried nor flustered.


This was not the first time he had gotten injuries of such severity.


Gu Yue Fang Xiang tore his upper shirt that was extremely tattered, it was easily removed, his chest that was covered in black hair was exposed.


There was a deep wound across his chest, broken white bones could be seen from within.


Gu Yue Fang Xiang gritted his teeth, activating his Gu worm.


The healing Gu worm resembled a centipede, it dived into his body through the wound, quickly stopping the internal bleeding.




After a while, the centipede was covered in blood and came out of Fang Xiang’s body, lying on his chest wound.


Its hundred pairs of legs stabbed into the skin of his wound, the intense pain made Gu Yue Fang Xiang suck in a sharp breath.


Next, the centipede slowly exerted force as its hundred pairs of legs dragged the skin and flesh, emitting a soft sound and forcing the wound to mend together.


But this handling of the injury only suppressed it, it could not solve the root cause, Gu Yue Fang Xiang knew that but there was no time for him to heal himself.


“I see blood traces!”


“Hurry, hurry.”


“Be careful, that kid is quite dangerous.”


“What’s there to fear, even if he has rank five cultivation level, after getting hit by our leader’s crippled refinement killer move, most of his Gu worms were destroyed.”


“Hehe, precisely because of such thinking, more than ten experts died at his hands already.”


“This mixed blood Gu Yue Fang Xiang is truly a monster!”




All these discussions made Gu Yue Fang Xiang’s expression change.


“Damn it! They arrived so quickly, I had just handled my wounds…” Gu Yue Fang Xiang clenched his teeth, he inspected the remaining few Gu worms in his aperture.


At this point, most of the Gu worms had been destroyed already.


The remaining ones were mostly injured, if he tried to activate them, they would be destroyed in the process.


These were all Gu worms that Gu Yue Fang Xiang had accumulated after much effort, but now, he had no choice but to sacrifice them!


“Oh sleep lurk Gu, I can only depend on you now. You must persevere!” Gu Yue Fang Xiang prayed as he activated the Gu worm to conceal himself.


This rank four Gu worm had outstanding concealment effects on par with rank five. Gu Yue Fang Xiang had used it many times in his life to escape from fierce threats.


But this Gu had a weakness, once activated, the Gu Master would fall into deep sleep. The deeper their sleep, the better the concealment effect.


Gu Yue Fang Xiang lost his sensation of the outside world as a result.


What he did not know was that after he fell asleep for some time, this sleep lurk Gu broke apart into pieces.


But the pursuers were still chasing him.


Seeing this, the lurking Twelfth Hair waved his hand, the immortal killer move was instantly used on Gu Yue Fang Xiang.


A yellow hair hairy man Gu Master that was chasing him combed the surroundings carefully while checking the tree roots that Gu Yue Fang Xiang was hiding in.


Even though he was right in front of Gu Yue Fang Xiang, he could not see the latter.


Eventually, he concluded that Gu Yue Fang Xiang had escaped from this mountain, so he went deeper into the mountain to pursue him.


After Gu Yue Fang Xiang woke up, he found that he was safe and let out a sigh of relief.


Looking in his aperture, he found that the sleep lurk Gu had already shattered into pieces, he felt glad and also lingering fear: “It seems that sleep lurk Gu lasted until the crucial moment, so I managed to get away from the pursuers. They have already gone to the next mountain, now is the time for me to escape.”


Gu Yue Fang Xiang was very happy, because his injuries had already stabilized, he quickly got up and left.


He hid in the deep bushes of the forest as he moved, carefully trying not to leave any traces behind as he escaped.


After half a day, the sky suddenly turned dim, a strange fog appeared in the mountain’s forest.


Gu Yue Fang Xiang arrived in a deep pool on the mountain, he inspected the surroundings and felt very satisfied, he decided to stay here for some time and recuperate.


“There is a good source of water here, wild beasts will definitely come here to drink water, be it water or beast flesh, they are both needed.”


“If I am lucky, I can even hunt and obtain some Gu materials to refine Gu worms, that will refill my stock of Gu worms!”


Gu Yue Fang Xiang was very experienced in living alone within the mountains and forests.


He was a mixed blood of human and hairy man, in the Black Hair Continent that was ruled by hairy men, he was greatly ostracized.


Even his birth mother, Steel Thread City Lord, did not like him.


In Gu Yue Fang Xiang’s childhood and adolescence, his greatest wish was to use all his effort to gain the acknowledgement of his mother.


However, because he was a mixed blood, his aptitude in Gu refinement was far inferior to hairy men. And the worst thing was that hairy men took pride in Gu refinement.


But the problem was that Gu Yue Fang Xiang also had his secret encounters, because of all sorts of situations, he coincidentally obtained some special cultivation methods.


He was hardworking and shocked people with his performance, gradually, his mother, Steel Thread City Lord, changed her opinion of him. She started to accept him from the depths of her heart.


But good times did not last long, Steel Thread City was attacked once and the entire city’s people were nearly wiped out, Steel Thread City Lord did her best and escaped with Gu Yue Fang Xiang in the end.


Before her death, Steel Thread City Lord told Gu Yue Fang Xiang of his identity: “Oh son, mother has let you down. Didn’t you always want to know about your father?”


“His name is Gu Yue Fang Zheng, he was once a human slave that I owned. But after he escaped, he became a renowned demonic path Gu Master expert.”


“You have a human name, it is called Gu Yue Fang Xiang. Go and find your father, tell him your name and everything that has happened in your life.”


“We have strong enemies that want to kill us, if you want to take revenge for me, you need to find your father first.”


Like that, the youngster Gu Yue Fang Xiang stepped on the journey to find his father.


He secretly went from Black Hair Continent to White Hair Continent, before moving to Yellow Hair Continent.


The journey was filled with lots of difficulties and danger, he faced constant challenges and trouble.


Even though Gu Yue Fang Zheng was no longer in the aperture, the stories of his experiences across the three continents were left behind as legendary tales.


Gu Yue Fang Xiang’s cultivation level slowly rose as his social experiences became richer, countless battles and escapes shaped his optimistic and determined nature, he believed that one day, he would definitely find his father!


Near the deep pool, Gu Yue Fang Xiang took a good rest for the night.


At the break of dawn, mountain mist became extremely dense, Gu Yue Fang Xiang showed a suspicious look as he went to the periphery of the deep pool.


He found that this deep pool was very strange.


The mist in the mountain originated from this pool.


Gu Yue Fang Xiang stayed here for half a day and a full night, but he did not find any traces of beasts that came here to drink water.


All sorts of phenomena gave him a familiar sensation. Whenever he had a fortuitous encounter, something like this would occur.


Gu Yue Fang Xiang had a rich adventurous spirit, after probing for some time, he went into the pool.


But out of his expectations, the pool was not ice-cold, the deeper he went, the warmer it got.


Gu Yue Fang Xiang got all the way to the depths of the pool, the water was as comfortable as hot springs.


“This is?” He found a piece of white jade in the deep pool.


The jade was nearly transparent, from the outside, he could easily see that there was a beauty sealed inside the jade.


“This is a mermaid?” Gu Yue Fang Xiang looked at the beauty’s face and his pupils expanded, he felt deeply moved: “So beautiful!!”


He had never seen such a beautiful woman.


Such beauty made his heart jump, he felt a sense of adoration emerging from his heart.


The mermaid that was ‘sealed’ in the white jade was Lian Ke Xin.


She transmitted her voice to Fang Xiang: “Interesting mixed blood kid, you are the one who woke me up?”


Gu Yue Fang Xiang wanted to scream as he opened his mouth, because he forgot that this was deep within the pool, water quickly gushed into his mouth.


He quickly shut his mouth, he showed a pathetic look.


Lian Ke Xin laughed out loud, Gu Yue Fang Xiang felt his entire body going numb from infatuation, he thought: “This mysterious mermaid has such a beautiful voice as well!”


Lian Ke Xin explained: “I am mermaid immortal Lian Ke Xin, after I calmed a disaster in the world, I got injured by accident and became sealed in this white jade. Young man, it is fate that we met, please give me a hand to break free from here.”


Gu Yue Fang Xiang was extremely shocked but he did not have a Gu worm that could transmit his voice, he cupped his fists and bowed deeply, he tried to use sign language in the water to express his words.


Lian Ke Xin smiled: “Don’t worry, this white jade cannot trap me, it is just that I need some time to break free. If you can refine the rank four earth refinement Gu and refine this white jade from the outside, it will save me a lot of effort.”


Gu Yue Fang Xiang nodded in succession.


Lian Ke Xin then gave him pointers and the Gu recipe of earth refinement Gu, she also instructed him to find the suitable Gu materials in the vicinity.


Gu Yue Fang Xiang went out of the pool and immediately got to work.


After spending three days, he finally refined the rank four earth refinement Gu on his first try.


“I was really lucky!” Gu Yue Fang Xiang felt glad internally, according to his regular performance, rank four Gu worms were not easy to refine, he was just a mixed blood after all.


“It seems that even heaven is helping me to save this fairy.” Gu Yue Fang Xiang sighed to himself.


Twelfth Hair, who was hiding himself to the side, shook his head, while unable to contain his laughter.


It was with his secret help that Gu Yue Fang Xiang could succeed in one try.


After obtaining earth refinement Gu, Gu Yue Fang Xiang did not rest, he went into the deep pool with a tired body and started to refine the white jade.


Lian Ke Xin successfully ‘escaped’, she smiled at Gu Yue Fang Xiang and showed a gaze of appreciation.


Gu Yue Fang Xiang’s face turned red, he quickly lowered his head.


In order to express her gratitude, Lian Ke Xin waved her hand and healed all of Gu Yue Fang Xiang’s injuries. Next, she gave him close to ten mortal Gu as his reward and even one inheritance.


Lian Ke Xin was about to leave, Gu Yue Fang Xiang asked in panic: “Fairy, fairy, will I be able to meet you again?”


Lian Ke Xin smiled: “Do you know the difference between immortal and mortal?”


Gu Yue Fang Xiang shook intensely, his face turned ashen and pale.


But Lian Ke Xin added: “The inheritance I gave you is an immortal cultivation method. If you can become an immortal, you will surely meet me again.”


“Ah!” Gu Yue Fang Xiang cried out, lost for words, he did not expect that this fortuitous encounter would be so valuable.


After a moment, he watched in a daze by the pool as Lian Ke Xin flew up into the sky, vanishing into the clouds.


“Lian Ke Xin, Fairy Ke Xin…” Gu Yue Fang Xiang muttered, his hand over his heart.


Lian Ke Xin’s appearance was etched into his memories.


He knew that from now on, other than finding his father, he had a new goal to achieve in life —


That was to become a Gu Immortal and meet with Fairy Lian Ke Xin again!




