Chapter 2245: Reprimanding Heavenly Court


“How is it?” Twelfth Hair asked with a smile.


Within the clouds, he met with mermaid immortal Lian Ke Xin secretly.


Lian Ke Xin replied: “He is a Gu Immortal seed indeed, there is a high chance of becoming an immortal.”


Twelfth Hair shook his head: “He obtained an immortal cultivation method and strong motivation from this, but they are not enough. We need to continue raising his foundation, after all, the balancing of three qi can only be done by himself.”


As for the other calamities and tribulations, they were not a problem! The immortals could secretly help him from the side.


“Then what do you intend?” Lian Ke Xin showed a look of hesitation.


Twelfth Hair explained: “I will give him around eight days to familiarize himself with those mortal Gu. Afterwards, I will arrange for those pursuers to find him and act as his sparring targets.”


“His mother, Steel Thread City Lord, is not dead, she is only in a comatose state of near death, only a Gu Immortal’s method can save her.”


“I will let him understand this and affirm his determination to go through and pass the tribulation!”


Lian Ke Xin heard this and became solemn for a while, she soon praised: “Friend, you have broad visions, I cannot compare to you. After we complete this mission, I hope you can decide the distribution of contribution points.”


“Fairy, you are too modest.” Twelfth Hair squinted his eyes and waved his hand: “I will report your effort as well. Besides, Star Collection City decides the contribution points, how can I interfere with it?”




Lian Ke Xin had originally taken this mission to get closer to Twelfth Hair. But once she found out about Gu Yue Fang Xiang’s special identity, she immediately understood that Gu Yue Fang Xiang would become very useful in the future, he was an important pawn to Fang Yuan!


Thus, this mermaid immortal came up with a plot, she went in and used herself as bait to interact with Gu Yue Fang Xiang.


In order to perform well, this mermaid immortal was putting in her full effort.


Twelfth Hair was afraid that her performance would affect his own gains, thus, he explained another plan to Lian Ke Xin.


Lian Ke Xin was very sharp, she quickly explained that she was not going to fight with him over contribution points, this made Twelfth Hair feel very satisfied about their cooperation.


The atmosphere between the two became harmonious again.


After a short conversation, suddenly, far away in the south, a huge pillar of light soared to the sky as an eerie Gu refinement aura spread around the vicinity.


Lian Ke Xin sensed it and her expression changed: “Someone has just succeeded in refining rank seven Immortal Gu?”


She then turned to look at Twelfth Hair as she praised: “Your race is truly talented, just this aura alone is making me feel admiration and aspiration. I wonder if a meeting can be arranged for us?”


Twelfth Hair showed a difficult expression, he subconsciously suppressed his volume as he shook his head: “I can introduce you to any other hairy man Gu Immortal, but this person is very special. He is actually Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s clone, he has been affected by master’s method, he is imprisoned for life and cannot stop refining Gu.”




Lian Ke Xin was very shocked when she heard this, inspiration flashed in her mind, she asked involuntarily: “Don’t tell me this imprisoned Gu Immortal is Sixth Hair?”


Twelfth Hair nodded: “Very astute, fairy, you guessed it right on your first try. The valley that Sixth Hair lives in is also specially arranged by master, it is a forbidden area in the sovereign immortal aperture, we call it the Spectral Valley Forbidden Ground.”


Currently, within the Spectral Valley Forbidden Ground.


Sixth Hair was thin as a stick, his cheeks were caved in and his eye bags were deep.


A rank seven Immortal Gu had just been refined.


This Gu worm looked like an ant, the front half was shiny while the lower half was dim, its front limbs were short and weak while its back legs were long and powerful.


It was the enslavement path Immortal Gu — master-servant Gu.


“Finally, I finally refined it…”


“I failed thirty-three times, got heavily injured twenty-seven times, and nearly died nineteen times, but I still refined it in the end!”


“With this Immortal Gu, I can definitely help sect leader Fang Yuan.”


“I need to rely on sect leader to save the main body.”


“Wait, am I forgetting something… never mind, I need to continue refining Gu.”


“The more Immortal Gu I refine, the stronger Shadow Sect will get, and the higher the hope of saving the main body!”


Sixth Hair’s state of mind was not right, after mumbling for some time, he started to prepare and refine other Immortal Gu.


A moment later.


Within treasure yellow heaven, Fang Yuan’s will and He Feng Yang’s will completed a transaction under everyone’s watchful gazes.


Fang Yuan obtained an earth path resource point of Central Continent called nine central stone forest, while He Feng Yang obtained master-servant Gu.


“They really did a transaction, this is unbelievable, He Feng Yang is actually so daring!”


“He is not doing this out of desperation, it is obvious that Immortal Crane Sect has instructed him to do this.”


“Immortal Crane Sect? No, if they publicly transacted with Heaven Refining Demon Venerable, even Immortal Crane Sect cannot bear the pressure from everyone. This transaction is definitely approved by Heavenly Court, otherwise, how can the ten great ancient sects even dare to do this?”


“Didn’t Heavenly Court denounce Fang Yuan as a Demon Venerable? They will cooperate with him?”


“So what? Rank seven Immortal Gu are hard to refine, Heavenly Court is extremely rich, they have countless resource points like nine central stone forest, this cost for an Immortal Gu is too worthwhile, even I would do it!”


“Fang Yuan is truly Heaven Refining Demon Venerable, he can refine rank seven Immortal Gu with such ease! It is simply as easy as drinking water.”


“What do you think his success rate of refining rank eight Immortal Gu is? It won’t be so easy, right? I think he has fifty, no, thirty percent chance of success.”


“What about rank nine Immortal Gu?”


“Hehe, you must be joking! Even a refinement path venerable will face great difficulties when trying to refine a rank nine Gu. Look at historical records, there had been many attempts to refine rank nine Immortal Gu, but how many truly succeeded? Even Star Constellation Immortal Venerable took a hundred years to refine a wild rank nine wisdom Gu.”


“That’s right, Heavenly Court spent over a million years to repair the rank nine fate Gu. And in the end? It was all for nothing. And they were just trying to repair a rank nine Immortal Gu, refining one from scratch is too hard!”


“Who knows, this Gu Yue Fang Yuan is the first refinement path venerable in history, we can only look up to him, we cannot fathom his true abilities.”


At once, the Gu Immortals of the five regions and two heavens discussed among themselves.


They started to talk about Fang Yuan’s refinement path abilities, they were curious about the extent of power that a refinement path venerable had.


Most of them felt that it would be very difficult for Fang Yuan to refine a rank nine Immortal Gu. After all, many historical records supported this idea.


The remaining Gu Immortals felt that they were too weak to see through and understand Fang Yuan’s true limits.


Soon, the Gu Immortals’ topic shifted to Heavenly Court gradually under some people’s meticulous arrangement.


Heavenly Court approved of He Feng Yang’s actions while Star Constellation Immortal Venerable held an ambiguous attitude towards Fang Yuan, many of the immortals looked at this in disdain, they expressed their tone of mockery towards Heavenly Court, but they understood why this was happening.


After all, Fang Yuan’s business could not be stopped, there were a lot of profits to gain from it as well!


From this topic, the Gu Immortals shifted towards the issue of Heavenly Court’s stoppage of handing out immortal essence stones.


Thus, begrudged discussions and requests to Heavenly Court to distribute immortal essence stones became louder and more common, the mockery, jealousy, and hatred towards Heavenly Court became increasingly aggravated.


Heavenly Court had always been the number one human force in the world, they stood proudly at the top of the Gu Immortal world of the five regions and two heavens.


This time, they stopped distributing immortal essence stones. It went against their usual behavior of being the leader of the Gu Immortal world.


The lack of immortal essence stones caused a lot of trouble to the bulk of the Gu Immortals.


Within treasure yellow heaven, nine out of ten transactions were done through bartering, the remaining one involved the purchasing of immortal essence stones by various super forces at high prices.


Western Desert.


Fang Di Chang also activated his Gu worm to connect to treasure yellow heaven.


“This wave of discontent towards Heavenly Court is very strange, it seems Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Heaven Refining Demon Venerable are the ones manipulating it from the background.” Fang Di Chang’s eyes flickered with uncertainty as he sensed the peculiarity.


And this was the truth behind the matter, Fang Yuan and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable did not let go of this opportunity.


Heavenly Court’s reputation fell time and again under such discontented discussions.


Fang Di Chang’s divine sense came to Fang Yuan’s will and spoke in a humble and subservient manner: “Western Desert’s Fang Di Chang greets Lord Alliance Leader, alliance leader is truly a master of the pen and the sword, your divine radiance lights up the world, I hope Lord Alliance Leader will live a life of eternal bliss, I hope your lifespan can rival heaven itself…”


Before he finished, Fang Yuan’s will waved his hands impatiently, interrupting Fang Di Chang: “Cut the crap, transact now.”


Fang Di Chang quickly acknowledged.


Thus, another transaction after the one with He Feng Yang was successfully completed.


Fang Yuan refined a rank seven Immortal Gu and gave it to Fang clan. They paid him one earth vein resource point and several million hairy man slaves.


Fang clan originally wanted to keep a low profile and develop in secret. But after Fang Yuan’s Great Love declaration, he exposed his relationship with Fang clan and stunned them completely.


Wan clan gathered the Western Desert’s righteous path forces to attack Fang clan but failed, it caused Fang clan to understand their circumstances, they stopped dreaming of a different outcome.


Thus, under Fang Di Chang’s suggestion, Western Desert’s Fang clan declared that they were joining the Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance.


“At this point, Fang clan can only cooperate with Fang Yuan and use this chance to strengthen ourselves!” Fang Di Chang sighed internally.


This was a dangerous status to have, but at the same time, they gained immense benefits.


Immortal Gu were too hard to refine!


“With this Immortal Gu replenished, my battle strength can rival ordinary rank seven Gu Immortals now.” Fang Di Chang fell into deep contemplation.


He had already gone through the immortal ascension, he was a rank six Gu Immortal now.


The balancing of three qi was the hardest hurdle but Fang Di Chang had ample experience. It could not be that he would fail in his second attempt after succeeding the first.


The other problem with immortal ascension were tribulations.


But with the help of Fang clan’s Gu Immortals, most tribulations were of no threat.


Unless they were dream path or painting path.


What made Fang Di Chang feel regret was that his immortal ascension did not have any natural inspiration opportunity.


When a Gu Master ascended, they would have a prime opportunity for natural inspiration to occur. They would be able to ask the world some questions and gain immense benefits.


But this time, Fang Di Chang did not get this opportunity.


This was not because he was undergoing immortal ascension for the second time, instead, the issue was with heaven’s will itself.


With the fusion of two heavens, heaven’s will had also gotten into chaos and turbulence, it did not have the ability to grant natural inspiration at this time.


“After recuperating for a few days, we will attack Wan clan!” This time, Fang Di Chang’s eyes were sharp like an eagle’s.




