Chapter 2254: I Want To Sleep


Inside the sovereign immortal aperture.


Mini Western Desert.


Mermaid immortal Yu Zi’s expression was pale, she panted while looking at the flying sand tunnel in front of her.


“It is finally set up.” Yu Zi mumbled.


Rockman Gu Immortal Shi San Bai thanked her: “Yu Zi, you specialize in water path, setting up this kind of earth path resource point is truly hard on you. I could not have accomplished this by myself.”


Rockmen were most specialized in earth path.


This was their racial talent.


Originally, Shi San Bai and Shi Gua Bi had agreed to finish the mission of setting up the earth path resource points.


But not long ago, Fang Yuan suddenly sent a command and dispatched several rockman Gu Immortals out of the sovereign immortal aperture.


Shi San Bai had no other options but to wait for others to team up with him.


In the end, he teamed up with Yu Zi.




Although Yu Zi specialized in water path, she was a rank seven Gu Immortal after all.


With Shi San Bai as the leader and Yu Zi as the support, the two cooperated and spent close to ten days to set up this resource point, finishing the mission.


Seeing Shi San Bai expressing his gratitude, Yu Zi gave a humble reply with a polite attitude.


She had her own plans, in fact.


“Resource points like flying sand tunnel can be used as earth vein nodes.”


“Lord Fang Yuan’s clone will personally come to set up an immortal formation in this resource point to change it into one of the earth vein nodes.”


“This is the chance for me to meet Lord Fang Yuan!”


When Yu Zi saw Fang Yuan’s main body, her determination had been shaken. But she had gotten over it during this period of time.


She did not have any extravagant hope of building a relationship with Fang Yuan’s main body, so her attention was placed on Fang Yuan’s clones.


As long as she could connect to Fang Yuan, becoming one of his fiancées, the merman race’s status would immediately be stable and unshakable.




Moreover, with this relationship, the merman race would obtain powerful protection for their development.


It was because she had this plot, Yu Zi took on this mission and came to cooperate with Shi San Bai.


A figure suddenly appeared in the horizon.


“Lord Wu Shuai is here!” Shi San Bai showed a respectful expression.


“He is here, Wu Shuai is Fang Yuan’s dragonman clone.” Yu Zi’s heartbeat accelerated as she encouraged herself inwardly.


It was up to her to fight for the merman race’s future.


Yu Zi quickly checked her appearance, this time, she was wearing a rare and precious pearl necklace that constantly let out the light scent of sea wind. Her elaborate robe showed off her alluring figure, and the bright fish scales gave off a feeling of being unblemished.


Yu Zi nodded in satisfaction inwardly and encouraged herself. She looked around and had a light smile on her face as she tried her best to show a captivating expression.


Shi San Bai was dumbstruck, immediately understanding the mermaid immortal’s plan.


When Wu Shuai arrived above flying sand tunnel, Yu Zi said softly: “Greetings to Lord Wu Shuai!”


This voice made Shi San Bai feel a chill. He also quickly paid his greetings.


Wu Shuai glanced at them and nodded lightly before activating an investigative killer move to carefully inspect the flying sand tunnel.


After three rounds of inspection, Wu Shuai said contentedly: “Not bad, you have done a good job in setting up this flying sand tunnel.”


After saying so, Wu Shuai started controlling Immortal Gu, mortal Gu, and many immortal materials as he began to set up an immortal formation.


Yu Zi carefully sized Wu Shuai up. He was muscular and handsome, he had a tall nose bridge and firm lips. He looked like a peerless hero.


His pupils were the color of amber, he had a pair of golden spiral horns, especially his pure-gold dragon scales that shone dazzlingly, they suited the merfolk sense of aesthetic beauty.


“Lord Fang Yuan really has peerless beauty!” Yu Zi admired inwardly.


The beauty of Fang Yuan’s main body was a kind of a shock to her, she had a feeling that she could only worship and look up to it, making her feel inferior. While Wu Shuai’s heroic appearance moved her heart.


After several hours, Wu Shuai finished setting up the immortal formation.


“Lord Wu Shuai really has amazing methods, you can set up the immortal formation with such little effort.” Yu Zi immediately praised.


Wu Shuai smiled: “I can’t draw a conclusion yet, I need to see the actual effect. Move back and take care of your safety.”


The first activation of a newly constructed formation was rather dangerous. If the killer move were to fail, it would lead to a backlash. The immortal formation would break apart, and not only would it inflict a backlash on the Gu Immortal, it would also cause a violent change in the surroundings.


After all the formation was closely connected to its surroundings.


Especially a large formation over a resource point like this, once it broke apart, the violent change due to the massively concentrated dao marks in the resource point would cause even higher damage. It was even more so in an environment like that of the sovereign immortal aperture.


This was derived from experience.


There were already several failures in the arrangement of immortal formations, which caused dao marks to turn chaotic and the surroundings to change intensely. The loss of the resource points was a small matter, they even resulted in terrifying abnormal situations!


Wu Shuai activated the formation carefully.


He cultivated enslavement path after all. The reason he could set up the formation was because he shared attainment levels with the main body.


So, if there was a mistake in the formation, it would be hard for Wu Shuai to deal with it with his methods as he was not a formation path Gu Immortal.


The immortal formation began to activate. Nothing unexpected happened for the moment.


Wu Shuai’s eyes were bright as torches without any signs of relaxing.


After a few breaths of time, Yu Zi finally could not endure it, she bravely approached Wu Shuai and said with a revering expression: “Lord Wu Shuai, this immortal formation seems to have no issue.”


Wu Shuai did not look at her, he sniffed the air and frowned slightly: “What is this smell?”


Yu Zi was joyous and was just about to say shyly that this was the fragrance of her pearls.


But right at this moment, there was an explosion!


A large amount of stench qi gushed out of the flying sand tunnel.


Around ten li of the surroundings immediately became filled with a foul smell. Yu Zi’s expression was pale, she nearly vomited.


The fragrance of her pearls was completely drowned, moreover, the pure-white pearl necklace was dyed black.


Wu Shuai laughed loudly: “You don’t need to worry, this is earth stench qi. The method of relocating this flying sand tunnel was not good enough, so these accumulated stench qi collected inside the tunnel. But it is alright now, this formation has discharged them, there are no hidden threats left.”


“Congratulations, Lord Wu Shuai!” Shi San Bai quickly cheered.


Yu Zi also praised while enduring the stench: “This is all due to Lord Wu Shuai’s extraordinary methods.”


She approached him courageously once again, trying her hardest to attract Wu Shuai’s gaze.


But right at this time, sandy rocks shot out of the flying sand tunnel.


These sandy rocks were filled with moisture, thus the stench they emitted was even worse than the earth stench qi.


Lumps of sandy rocks flew to the air before falling down to the surrounding area with splattering sounds.


Just like…


Just like taking a dump.


Yu Zi looked at the sandy rocks that filled the sky, she felt despair.


In this situation, no matter how beautiful she was, Wu Shuai would not be moved.


After the sandy rocks fell for a while, it became normal again.


A large amount of fine, dry sand grains shot out of the flying sand tunnel. The sand grains flew up to one hundred or so feet high before sprinkling down on the ground like a drizzle.


This was flying sand, it had a soft texture, it was an immortal material.


Although it was only a rank six immortal material, the grains were in high quantities.


Under the effect of the formation, the flying sand tunnel had become one of the earth vein nodes.


Wu Shuai nodded contentedly and said in a joyous tone: “Now, the second ring of the earth vein is finished. Although we were also at second ring before the battle in Crazed Demon Cave, the nodes in that second ring were far fewer than the present scale.”


“I am sure this world will keep getting better!” Yu Zi added in agreement.


Wu Shuai glanced at her, then glanced at Shi San Bai before flying away.


Yu Zi and Shi San Bai quickly bade him farewell.


Only when Wu Shuai had disappeared in the horizons, did Yu Zi take back her gaze and sighed deeply, unable to hide her deep disappointment.


Shi San Bai laughed inwardly, he knew the mermaid’s plan but did not look down on her.


Mermen had already lived in the sovereign immortal aperture for some time now, this period of time was neither long nor short. The mermaid immortals were meticulous in their tasks, and almost all the Gu Immortals knew of them.


In Shi San Bai’s opinion, the weak relying on the strong to survive was a wise plan.


He did not feel any hostility, after all, rockmen were all male, they were simply not in the competition.


So, Shi San Bai feigned ignorance: “I am going to continue setting up another earth path resource point. Fairy Yu Zi, are you willing to continue teaming up with me?”


Shi San Bai naturally hoped to have an earth path Gu Immortal as an ally, but the manpower in the sovereign immortal aperture was truly in shortage right now.


Yu Zi had already worked with him, they had a certain level of tacit cooperation.


Yu Zi asked for the details, before refusing Shi San Bai politely while showing a difficult expression.


The next earth path resource point could not be treated as an earth vein node, that meant Yu Zi could not see Fang Yuan’s clone, so she did not have any incentive to do it.


Shi San Bai understood, suggesting: “From what I see, you should take a rest.”


Yu Zi felt somewhat strange, a thought emerging in her mind: “The Gu Immortals in the sovereign immortal aperture actually rest?”


Yu Zi had lived here for some time, she had already recognized what workaholics the Gu Immortals here were, they did not know what rest was.


This was the first time she heard the word ‘rest’ from a Gu Immortal here.


Shi San Bai laughed: “This is my own experience. The mission board will never be empty, in fact, there are endless missions, but we are short on manpower. Most of the time, we might not be proficient in the mission, but we have no choice but to force ourselves to finish them.”


“It is like how you cultivate water path and had to use much more effort to set up the earth path resource point. You aren’t even able to display twenty percent of your strength, which will feel stifling. So, I suggest you take on some missions that allow you to display all your strength. That way, you can ease your mind.”


Yu Zi nodded and expressed her thanks.


But she was coughing out blood in her mind: “Sure enough, the so-called ‘rest’ was still to do missions! These Gu Immortals seem to not know what true rest is!”


“Sleep, I have not had any sleep for over ten days. I have only slept five times since I came here, and each sleep was less than four hours! I really want to sleep, sleep until I wake up naturally!”


“Why are so many earth path resource points pouring in recently? I am already disgusted from arranging these resource points to the point of vomiting.”


“I really hope some water path resource points come next…”


When she thought of this, Yu Zi almost wanted to slap herself from anger!


“What are you thinking?”


“You still want more resource points?”


“I hope there are no resource points ever!”


“I hope there are fewer missions!”


“I hope other Gu Immortals finish them instead!”


“Let me sleep, I just want to have a proper sleep.”




