Chapter 2272: Doing Everything To Help


Qin Ding Ling and Jun Shen Guang flew rapidly along the way.


Ever since Qin Ding Ling used her luck path killer move, the two of them had a smooth journey


with nearly no hurdles.


Jun Shen Guang sighed in admiration and praised it many times.


Qin Ding Ling explained: ”The might of the move far exceeded my usual limits, I have already


comprehended a part of the reason for the resonance with heaven and earth.”


“Back then, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable placed Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace in


Northern Plains’ black heaven, it was there for three hundred thousand years.”


“In these three hundred thousand years, Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace had been exerting


its effect to lay out luck path dao marks, spreading nearly throughout the entire immemorial


black heaven.”




“Precisely because of this terrifying accumulation, it caused us to fail and suffer huge losses


when Central Continent invaded Northern Plains to try and take fortune rivaling heaven Gu.”


“Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had already predicted that the two heavens would fuse, thus, he


moved Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace away and used it in the battle in Crazed Demon


Cave.”


“But the three hundred thousand years of accumulated luck path dao marks are all carved in


Northern Plains’ immemorial black heaven. Furthermore, the number is too vast to imagine.”


“After the two heavens fused, both black and white heavens broke into countless fragments of


various sizes, this caused the luck path dao marks to spread out as well.


Jun Shen Guang asked: ”So why did your luck path killer move get amplified by these luck path




dao marks? Is it because a move was made by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable?”


Qin Ding Ling had a grim expression: ”If that is so, this will be part of Giant Sun Immortal


Venerable’s scheme. But this is quite unlikely, because I have already asked Star Constellation


Immortal Venerable about it, she told me that these luck path dao marks are natural dao marks,


they do not belong to Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.”


Jun Shen Guang was more confused now: ”So why was there a resonance?”


Qin Ding Ling shook her head: ”Forget about this for now, the matter at hand is to recruit


Flickering Light grotto-heaven!”


Regarding this, Jun Shen Guang was even more confident than before: ”Lady Qin Ding Ling’s


luck path killer move is unparalleled, in my opinion, we will definitely succeed this time.”


A while later.


The two immortals got close to Flickering Light grotto-heaven.


They were shocked to see that Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was rampaging inside


Flickering Light grotto-heaven.


He did not enter the grotto-heaven physically, but he broke the grotto-heaven door and


extended hundreds of arms inside to slaughter and destroy everything he could reach, be it


mortals or immortals, it was a cruel sight.


Qin Ding Ling went into a daze.


She had never expected such a thing to happen.


The immemorial two heavens were too huge.


It was very improbable for Spectral Soul Demon Venerable to find trouble with Flickering Light


grotto-heaven at this very moment.


Jun Shen Guang’s mouth opened wide as he stared at Spectral Soul Demon Venerable before


turning around to look at Qin Ding Ling with a complex expression.


He seemed to be asking: ”Is this the effect of your luck path killer move?”


Qin Ding Ling coughed and said awkwardly: ”Spectral Soul Demon Venerable is a venerable,


even if my luck path method was amplified by the resonance of heaven and earth, it should not


have such an immense effect.”


Jun Shen Guang was dazed: ”What should we do?”


They had originally planned to recruit Profound Literature grotto-heaven, but Old Immortal Hua


Yu displayed the specialty of an information path expert.


He hinted to them that if they could recruit Flickering Light grotto-heaven, he would join them as


well.


But now, after Qin Ding Ling and Jun Shen Guang took the time to travel all this way to


Flickering Light grotto-heaven, they found that Flickering Light grotto-heaven was about to be


destroyed by Spectral Soul Demon Venerable!


“Quickly escape, grotto lord!”


“Let us draw the attention of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable!”


“Flickering Light grotto-heaven is going to be destroyed, but your immortal aperture and our


clansmen are all alive, please, you need to think of the big picture.”


At this time, six Gu Immortals flew out of Flickering Light grotto-heaven.


Rank eight light path Gu Immortal Liang Jing Jing was covered in heavy injuries, she was flying


away in tears now as the other Gu Immortals used their lives to defend her.


However, even if Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was not sane now, he was still a venerable.


He had overwhelming killing intent, seeing that these Gu Immortals were trying to escape, he


followed his instincts and tried to kill them.


The Gu Immortals of Flickering Light grotto-heaven were in imminent danger.


“A chance!” Jun Shen Guang shouted uncontrollably.


“So that’s it.” Qin Ding Ling understood at once: ”So this is the true effect of my luck path killer


move.”


Often, precious opportunities were hidden in dangerous situations.


“Let us help you!” Qin Ding Ling shouted and made a move first.


Jun Shen Guang quickly followed after her.


The Gu Immortals of Flickering Light grotto-heaven were initially fearful, according to their


current faction, they were enemies. But after realizing that the Heavenly Court immortals were


really helping them, these Gu Immortals developed an intense feeling of joy and gratitude.


Eventually, with the help of Qin Ding Ling and Jun Shen Guang, the Flickering Light


grotto-heaven Gu Immortals managed to escape.


Of course, they paid a huge price for this.


Qin Ding Ling was lightly injured while Jun Shen Guang was heavily injured, only three Gu


Immortals from Flickering Light grotto-heaven were left, one was unconscious while two were


heavily injured.


“This is the power of a venerable, we had no way to retaliate!” Jun Shen Guang sighed,


although he was safe now, he still sighed while feeling lingering fear.


He was a rank eight expert, but when chased by Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, he was


fragile as a baby.


And this was when Spectral Soul Demon Venerable had no sanity, his actions were akin to a


soul beast.


“If Spectral Soul Demon Venerable chased after us with all his strength, we would not have


survived. Thankfully, his attention was mostly on Flickering Light grotto-heaven, he only chased


us for a while before returning to destroy the grotto-heaven!” Qin Ding Ling said.


“Sigh…”


“Our homeland…”


Of the three Gu Immortals of Flickering Light grotto-heaven, one was unconscious while two


had pale expression, they had a heavy mood and felt deep sadness, pain, anger, and


helplessness that could not be concealed.


“You have my condolences. Venerables are invincible while us rank eights are ants. It was


already our great fortune to have been able to escape.” Qin Ding Ling consoled.


Liang Jing Jing suddenly bowed and paid respects to Qin Ding Ling and Jun Shen Guang: ”I will


never forget the debt of saving our lives. We were enemies but you risked your lives to save us,


such righteousness and magnanimity is truly astounding, we are in deep awe.”


“Heavenly Court is truly the leader of humanity, you will forever be the number one force in the


world!”


“Compared to you, it is truly the biggest irony that our alliance leader called himself Great Love


Immortal Venerable and created the Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance.”


Speaking of Fang Yuan, Liang Jing Jing felt immense hatred.


Qin Ding Ling and Jun Shen Guang looked at each other, seeing the joy in each other’s eyes.


The other Gu Immortal from Flickering Light grotto-heaven who was awake said: ”Friends from


Heavenly Court, our Grotto Lord is not a scheming person, Fang Yuan had really gone


overboard!”


“We had already asked him for help, we placed light heaven in treasure yellow heaven and


transacted it to him.”


“But he took our light heaven and ignored our plight, he showed no intentions of helping us, he


directly abandoned us!”


“We are his subordinates, we are members of his Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance!”


“Such an action is truly disappointing and shameful. To think that we believed he would change


his ways and become righteous after becoming venerable!”


Qin Ding Ling and Jun Shen Guang were very happy now.


Even without them saying anything, the Gu Immortals of Flickering Light grotto-heaven were


already hinting that they wanted to jump ship and join them!


“Lady Qin Ding Ling’s luck path killer move is truly profound and mystical.” Jun Shen Guang


praised internally.


Qin Ding Ling had a solemn expression: ”I won’t hide this from you, we came here because of a


certain reason.”


Next, Qin Ding Ling explained the details of why she came, she even requested for Liang Jing


Jing to help convince Old Immortal Hua Yu.


After hearing her words, Liang Jing Jing and the rest were also quite joyful.


They had no choice now but to try to join Heavenly Court, they were very uneasy about


betraying Fang Yuan.


If Fang Yuan came to them to settle the score, they would be in trouble.


Even if Star Constellation Immortal Venerable could block Heaven Refining Demon Venerable


for some time and protect, how could she guard them forever?


If Fang Yuan bore hatred and wanted to kill these traitors, he would have the initiative. He could


attack anytime he wanted to.


If he attacked on a random day, the Gu Immortals of Flickering Light grotto-heaven would not be


able to block him or wait for reinforcements.


They were absolutely sure of that now.


Because earlier, they saw the terrifying might of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.


He was just a senseless venerable.


If he had sanity, if their enemy was Fang Yuan instead of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, that


would be incredibly terrifying. These Gu Immortals had no way of escaping at all.


The Gu Immortals of Flickering Light grotto-heaven confirmed that they were betraying him now,


in that case, they needed more traitors on this ship, so that his attention would be split among


them.


Thus, Liang Jing Jing did not even care about her injuries, she decided to go with Qin Ding Ling


to try and convince Old Immortal Hua Yu at Profound Literature grotto-heaven.


The group met with Old Immortal Hua Yu as they conversed secretly.


Qin Ding Ling spoke convincingly: ”Lady Star Constellation Immortal Venerable has already


deduced the result, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable seem to be roaming aimlessly and causing


destruction, but there is a pattern with his actions.”


“He is destroying the pillars that hold up immemorial white heaven. For example, the heavenly


chasm, heavenly pillar, or even heaven vein nodes like Flickering Light grotto-heaven.”


“Your Profound Literature grotto-heaven is the same as Flickering Light grotto-heaven, you are


both heaven vein nodes of immemorial white heaven. Spectral Soul Demon Venerable will


definitely come to destroy Profound Literature grotto-heaven in the future.”


Liang Jing Jing added: ”Old Immortal Hua Yu, we’ve known each other for many years. You’ve


seen what happened to me, Fang Yuan abandoned us, he even took away our light heaven, he


is cold, cruel, and shameless to the extreme!”


“Do you want to entrust your life to such an alliance leader?”


“You have to decide now. Once Spectral Soul Demon Venerable comes to find you, it will be too


late for Profound Literature grotto-heaven to relocate.”




