Chapter 2284: Human Path Breakthrough


Heavenly Court.


Ten rank five Gu Masters carried intense excitement as they arrived at a certain important location deep within Heavenly Court.


They were the ten children of human path.


“This is the derivation formation?” Xiao Qi Xing walked at the front.


Behind him were the other nine, Sun Yuan Hua, Fairy Bi Xia, Gu Ting, Wei Wu Shang, Ying Sheng Ji, Chen Da Jiang, Tang Ru Qi, Sun Yao, and Zhao Shu Ye.


These were the most outstanding Gu Masters of Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects, they were nurtured by Heavenly Court and cultivated within Divine Emperor City’s painting worlds, becoming the rising stars of human path.


They each carried a heavy burden, they were the budding sprouts of Heavenly Court and the venerables’ desire towards human path, integral to the goal of Central Continent’s dominance of the world.


The ten of then looked ahead and saw a vast field of grey-white smoke presented before everyone’s vision.


The light continued to transform continuously, it was slithery like a dragon, fluttering beautifully like a butterfly, standing on the wall, or even tranquil like still water.


“This derivation formation is arranged by Lady Star Constellation Immortal Venerable personally, it is Heavenly Court’s greatest secret!”


“We are immensely fortunate to be the first batch of Gu Masters allowed to cultivate in this formation.”




“The outcome of black heaven engulfing white heaven is set, heaven’s will is going to become stable again. Soon, we will be able to advance to become human path Gu Immortals.”


“Thus, the derivation formation is our greatest fortuitous encounter before becoming a Gu Immortal, we need to make use of this unparalleled opportunity!”


“That’s right, after entering the formation to cultivate, the relevant memories will be deleted in our minds, after that, who knows when we can come here again.”


The ten children of human path discussed among themselves and arranged the order of which they would enter.


Sun Yuan Hua was the first to enter the derivation formation.


After fifteen minutes, he slowly stumbled out of the constantly changing light.


“How was it, what did you experience in the formation?”


“Are there any gains?”


“Quick, tell us.”


The other nine quickly went to him and asked.




Sun Yuan Hua was still a little dazed now but he soon recovered his senses.


He recalled: ”After I went in, all I saw was vast white fog. I tried stepping in and vaguely saw a human figure so I gave chase.”


“I chased it for a long time, after an unknown distance, more and more human figures appeared in the white fog.”


“There were five or six of them initially, after that, there were fifty or sixty, followed by six hundred or seven hundred. By the time I reacted, I was already inside a vast sea of humans, I was surrounded by people!”


“I wanted to ask them questions but I could not speak. I tried to smile to communicate with them. But in the end, I found that they were all smiling at me too.”


“Their smiles were very fake, it looked like… a painting drawn using lines.”


“Can you imagine? Countless people showed a fake smile at me as they squeezed around me, slowly getting closer and tighter, making me feel suffocated.”


“I tried my best to push them away, but my strength became smaller and smaller.”


“Eventually, I was engulfed by the sea of humans with fake smiles.”


“By the time I regained my senses, I had already stepped out of the formation and saw you guys.”


“At the same time, in the depth of my mind, I found the Immortal Gu recipe of shadow puppet Gu!”


After explaining his encounter, Sun Yuan Hua still showed some fear on his face.


His description was very useful for the others in their preparation.


“Why does it seem like a nightmare?”


“This formation is truly extraordinary.”


“Looking at the situation, it seems that after entering the derivation formation, we will get a human path Immortal Gu recipe?”


“One attempt is not enough for a conclusion, who will go next?”


After the remaining nine discussed for a while and came up with no explanation, the second person was decided, Gu Ting.


Under everyone’s gaze, Gu Ting slowly walked into the light fog.


Several minutes later, Gu Ting walked out of the formation in a daze, it was similar to Sun Yuan Hua’s situation.


But soon, he recovered.


Everyone got around him and listened to his encounter.


Gu Ting’s situation was quite different from Sun Yuan Hua, he did not see any human figures, instead, he felt like he did not even open his eyes.


The only thing he heard was music.


The music created by some instrument constantly played in his mind.


After the tune ended, Gu Ting walked out of the immortal formation.


“I received an Immortal Gu recipe, it is the vital Gu that I had recently swapped to — musician Gu.”


The ten children of human path talked among themselves again.


Shadow puppet Gu and musician Gu were both human path Gu worms, they were also Sun Yuan Hua’s and Gu Ting’s vital Gu.


“That means the reward has something to do with our vital Gu?”


“Or more accurately, the reward is our vital Gu’s Immortal Gu recipe? That is so useful to us!”


“That’s right, we may be able to use the excess tribulation qi during our ascension to refine our vital Immortal Gu!”


The ten children of human path were very excited.


Heavenly Court had arranged for them to cultivate human path.


There was a benefit and demerit in doing so.


The benefit was that a new path had no counter in this world, the more human path developed, the greater its advantage against other paths.


The demerit was that a new path was too young, without the help of predecessors, the ten children of human path had to develop human path step by step on their own.


Although Heavenly Court had the human path killer moves made by the past venerables, they were too high ranked and of utmost secrecy, the ten children of human path had no authority to learn of them.


They understood that it would be extremely hard for them to create human path Immortal Gu recipes on their own. The time, effort, and resources needed were unthinkable.


Even if they could use the opportunity of natural inspiration to ask heaven’s will when undergoing tribulation, they were not guaranteed an Immortal Gu recipe.


They were the pioneers of human path, it was possible that the world itself did not have the corresponding human path Immortal Gu they needed.


However, when the third person, Ying Sheng Ji, left the immortal formation, he did not obtain an Immortal Gu recipe.


“I obtained the rank one to five recipe of a brand new human path Gu, it is called pill refiner.”


Ying Sheng Ji’s vital Gu was doctor Gu, but after entering the formation, he actually obtained a new human path Gu recipe.


Ying Sheng Ji was a little disappointed.


In his case, the immortal ascension was coming soon, without doctor Gu’s Immortal Gu recipe, he would not have a human path Immortal Gu to use for a very long time.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had always been keeping a close eye on the ten children of human path.


“After Sun Yuan Hua entered the formation, his comprehension and understanding of human path resonated with the inheritance of Heavenly Court’s former shadow path Gu Immortal, Immortal Monarch Gu Ying. Thus, he obtained the Immortal Gu recipe of shadow puppet Gu.”


Immortal Monarch Gu Ying was someone who appeared after Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s era.


But after inspecting the historical records, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had a deep impression of him.


Immortal Monarch Gu Ying had stated in his inheritance that although shadow path was just a small branch of dark path now, it had more potential. In fact, shadow path was not just a branch of dark path, it was also part of light path. How could there be shadow without light? Precisely so, if shadow path developed in the future, it could potentially fuse both light path and dark path to become a huge, more powerful path!


“After Gu Ting entered the formation, he resonated with a sound path inheritance and obtained musician Immortal Gu’s recipe.”


“As for Ying Sheng Ji, after entering the formation, because there was no resonance with any Gu Immortal’s inheritance which was skilled at healing, Ruan Dan’s pill path was drawn to him instead and created a result.”


“Pill refiner Gu…”


Different from Ying Sheng Ji, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable felt that his gains were greater than the rest.


Human path was the path that Heavenly Court was trying to develop, while pill path was also a new path.


The result of the clash between these two paths was pill refiner Gu.


It was the fusion of Ying Sheng Ji’s human path research result and the essence of pill path, this was a new accomplishment.


“The Gu recipe of pill refiner Gu consists of rank one to five, after refining them, we can produce a large number of pill refiners. These pill refiners are most skilled at refining pill Gu.”


Most pill Gu were consumable Gu, from the ones that Ruan Dan created, one could see that they were very effective and powerful.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable acutely sensed that if pill refiner Gu was spread widely, it could change the current situation of the Gu Master world, there would be a huge revolution!


After Sun Yuan Hua, Gu Ting, and Ying Sheng Ji, it was Xiao Qi Xing’s turn.


This person was seemingly the leader of the ten children of human path, after getting out of the derivation formation, he obtained the Immortal Gu recipes of soldier Gu and sergeant Gu.


Regrettably, his vital Gu was commander Gu.


Chen Da Jiang was the fifth to enter.


His vital Gu was constable Gu, but he had not gotten its Immortal Gu recipe.


“I obtained the recipe of police gate Gu, from rank one to six. They are one police gate Gu, two police gate Gu, and all the way to six police gate Gu.”


“The police gate Gu are mutually connected, after they are refined, my constable Gu can create constables that are able to travel from one gate to another gate instantly.”


After Chen Da Jiang, Zhao Shu Ye went in.


Her vital Gu was craftsman Gu.


After entering the formation, she resonated with a certain metal path inheritance and obtained the rank six Immortal Gu recipe of blacksmith Gu.


The ten children of human path entered the derivation formation one by one, they all had great gains, but these gains were all different as well.


“No matter what, this derivation formation is too amazing!”


“In just half a day, all thanks to it, the entire world had a huge breakthrough in human path’s development.”


“Star Constellation Immortal Venerable is truly the number one wisdom path expert throughout history.”


The ten children of human path were extremely amazed, their eyes were shining brightly.


They wanted to enter the formation again but were rejected.


It was not that the derivation formation could not, but they themselves had reached a limit.


The essence of the derivation formation was to use the research results of the ten children of human path to clash with the inheritance of past Gu Immortal experts, to attempt deriving new human path research results that had never been possible before.


The ten children of human path had only cultivated for a short time, they were all rank five Gu Masters, their foundation was limited.


All of their current potential had been used up already, even if they went in again, their minds would only be corrupted by the inheritances, preventing them from innovating and creating new ideas, restricting their future development.


They were like young sprouts now, after this injection of essence, they would need to recuperate for a long time. Otherwise, excessive help would ruin their creativity in innovating for human path, their bright futures would become dim and hopeless, with no expectations left for them.




