Chapter 2289: Natural Inspiration


Southern Border.


Deep within a certain Earth Trench.


Kong Ri Tian made the final inspection of the Gu formation and confirmed that it was operational.


For the last ten or so days, he had purposely picked this location and set up several Gu formations in the vicinity of over ten li.


“Although I am not specialized in formation path, I can still create some simple mortal formations. With these formations, you will be able to quickly notice any peculiarities in the surroundings.”


“You have my guidance, your chance of success at immortal ascension is high.” Kong Sheng Tian’s will was inside Kong Ri Tian’s mind, he said with some confidence.


Kong Ri Tian nodded: ”Ancestor, is there anything else I need to know?”


Kong Sheng Tian thought about it and said: ”Don’t be greedy during the natural inspiration, but remember to make good use of it. Since you cultivate qi path, ask heaven’s will questions about qi path related matters, don’t go after the secrets of other paths, it will not be worth it.”


“Natural inspiration has its limits, you can’t receive an infinite amount of information.”


“Furthermore, when asking qi path related questions, don’t be too broad or demand too much. Don’t ask for rank eight or nine qi path Immortal Gu recipes, you won’t receive a complete one. Even if you obtain an incomplete recipe, it may not even have five percent of the content!”


Kong Ri Tian kept these words in his mind as he nodded: ”Then I’ll ask qi path related questions that are problems that I currently face.”




“That is the right thing to do.” Kong Sheng Tian laughed loudly.


Kong Ri Tian shattered his aperture and started the tribulation.


Heaven and earth qi surged in the surroundings, forming a three days flying ring tribulation.


The flying ring was powerful and soared in the sky, lasting for three days and night.


Kong Ri Tian resisted with difficulty, eventually becoming a rank six Gu Immortal with a high grade blessed land.


Kong Sheng Tian’s will sighed: ”Your luck is very poor to have encountered such a tribulation. This tribulation is very special, it will last for three days and nights, even if you destroy the ring, it will regenerate.”


“To protect you, I expended almost all my immortal essence.”


“I told you not to provoke that Xiao Yan.”


Kong Ri Tian was confused: ”What does this have to do with Xiao Yan?”


Kong Sheng Tian said: ”Xiao Yan’s innate luck is comparable to you before obtaining Sheng Tian true inheritance. Most importantly, he is Shang Xin Ci’s subordinate. This girl has incredible luck, going against Xiao Yan will cause your luck to be expended against Xiao Yan and Shang Xin Ci.”




“Now that your luck is low, when undergoing tribulation, the three days flying ring tribulation appeared to waste all of my remaining immortal essence.”


Kong Ri Tian had an unsightly expression.


Back then, he attacked Xiao Yan and wanted to frame it on the demonic path Gu Master Bao Tong. In the end, an accident occurred as he did not expect the tap fire to contain an immortal material flame.


Kong Ri Tian was not a Gu Master then, he did not want to waste the precious immortal essence for Kong Sheng Tian to use his immortal method, thus, an intense battle broke out and the tap fire was dispersed, causing the immortal essence flame inside to explode.


The immortal material flame burned the entire mountain and could not be stopped, Xiao Yan and Bao Tong were both trapped in the fire.


Kong Ri Tian managed to escape with the help of Kong Sheng Tian’s will.


To think that the backlash of that decision would influence Kong Ri Tian’s immortal ascension.


Kong Sheng Tian sighed: ”I underestimated that Shang Xin Ci. Unless your cultivation level and battle strength surpasses her completely, do not provoke her anymore. Do not even touch anyone who is close to her.”


Kong Ri Tian gritted his teeth: ”Ancestor, are you exaggerating this?”


“Hmph, foolish child. Innate luck[1. There are a lot of ways to write luck in Chinese, this one is written as ’qi variable’, which is why qi path is involved.] is profound and mystical, back in my days when qi path dominated the world, many geniuses were able to catch a glimpse of it profundity.”


“Do not underestimate the variance of luck.”


“Look at Giant Sun Immortal Venerable. I believe this person must have used innate luck as a reference when he created luck path.”


“You have already become a Gu Immortal, you should learn more. Gu cultivation paths are not independent of each other, they influence and affect each other in a connected way. The connection between qi path and luck path is this innate luck.”


Eventually, Kong Sheng Tian’s will convinced Kong Ri Tian after a lengthy talk.


“Gu Immortal cultivation is far more profound and deep than Gu Master cultivation. I am lucky to have your help, ancestor, otherwise, I would have to undergo immortal ascension without knowing anything!” Kong Ri Tian sighed.


Next, he consulted: ”What do I do now, what is the most important thing?”


Kong Sheng Tian’s will did not hesitate: ”Little fellow, although you become an immortal, there is not enough heaven and earth qi to help you refine your vital Gu into an Immortal Gu.”


“This qi path Gu worm is crucial to the entire Sheng Tian true inheritance.”


Kong Ri Tian understood at once: ”So now, I need to refine that Immortal Gu?”


Kong Sheng Tian’s will snorted coldly: ”Hehe, the ignorant have no fear. Do you think you can refine an Immortal Gu? Even if you go bankrupt, you will still have no chance of success.”


“Do you know that most rank six Gu Immortals do not even own one rank six Immortal Gu? Most rank seven Gu Immortals spend their lives trying to get a rank seven Immortal Gu. This is true even for venerables. Go and think about how hard it is for a Gu Immortal to refine an Immortal Gu that suits them!”


Kong Ri Tian was tongue-tied, he felt shocked: ”This is too hard, isn’t it?”


Kong Sheng Tian’s will sighed: ”Gu Immortal cultivation is tough, it is much risker than being a Gu Master. Kid, you need to learn to survive now. Each calamity and tribulation is a test. You have a higher starting point than many others, but you cannot act rashly. Especially in trying to refine an Immortal Gu, it can make you bankrupt without any gains in return.”


Kong Ri Tian was troubled: ”What do I do now? Ancestor, you told me that I should make my vital Gu an Immortal Gu, but you also told me that I cannot refine Immortal Gu. So what should I do? Stop beating around the bush.”


Kong Sheng Tian’s will snorted again: ”Kid, are you willing to listen to me now? earlier, I told you time and again not to provoke that Xiao Yan, but what did you do? You are just too young!”


“Yes, yes.” Kong Ri Tian quickly apologized: ”Ancestor, from now on, I will listen to you.”


Seeing that his descendant had given in, Kong Sheng Tian’s will stopped wasting time, he said: ”You are quite lucky to have a refinement path venerable like Fang Yuan in your era. Go make a transaction with him if you want to refine Immortal Gu.”


“Wait, you want me to transact with him in treasure yellow heaven? Aren’t you afraid…”


Before Kong Ri Tian could continue, Kong Sheng Tian rebuked him: ”Do you think a grand venerable will care about a rank six Immortal Gu? I know what you are afraid of, aren’t you afraid that Fang Yuan is still connected to Shang Xin Ci? But you did not do anything to her either.”


Kong Ri Tian heard this and thought about it, feeling a little hurt internally.


Kong Sheng Tian’s will was not wrong.


In Kong Ri Tian and Shang Xin Ci’s encounters, he had always suffered a loss. Last time, he was chased after by Shang Xin Ci and Wu Ji because of Sheng Tian true inheritance. Afterwards, he also suffered losses during his tribulation after provoking Xiao Yan.


Shang Xin Ci was having a great life now, while Kong Ri Tian was suffering more now.


“Let’s go to treasure yellow heaven, we will talk to Fang Yuan’s will.” Eventually, Kong Ri Tian said.


Back in Western Desert.


The sandstorm stopped.


Mo Li had rank six cultivation level, he bowed deeply at the featherman Gu Immortals in front of him.


“Friends from Yi clan, thank you for the help. Otherwise, I would not have been able to become a Gu Immortal on my own.” Mo Li thanked them sincerely.


Ever since the contest in Sand Heap blessed land, he was saved by the mysterious super force, Yi clan, in Western Desert.


Mo Li came to Yi clan’s headquarters and after interacting with them, he found that they were actually all feathermen.


This time, with the help of Yi clan’s Gu Immortals, Mo Li became an immortal.


Yi clan’s Gu Immortal Zhou Yi Kou said: ”Friend Mo Li, you are too polite. You are one who obtained Thieving Heaven true inheritance, that means you are his inheritor. Back then, our Yi clan’s ancestor was helped by Lord Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable and survived. With the help of his method, Yi clan was able to stay hidden for so many years.”


“Lord Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable is our benefactor, the entire Yi clan believes that Lord Demon Venerable has not died so easily without making a sound!”


“By helping you now, we also want to repay the debt we owe to Lord Thieving Heaven.”


“If one day in the future, Lord Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable revives, our entire Yi clan will follow him by his side.”


“Thus, we are comrades.”


Mo Li was deeply moved by the featherman Gu Immortal Zhou Yi Kou’s words, he had a warm feeling in his heart.


Central Continent.


Wei Wu Shang looked at the qi lump in his immortal aperture with a heated gaze.


Just earlier, he had succeeded in the tribulation, becoming a human path Gu Immortal.


He obtained a high grade blessed land, the remaining heaven and earth qi was enough for him to refine a vital Immortal Gu.


His vital Gu was thief Gu, it was already enveloped in heaven and earth qi now.


“I heard that Gu Ting, Sun Yuan Hua, and the rest became immortals but did not refine a human path Immortal Gu. I am different from them!”


“Recently, while deeply asleep at night, I had the urge to pee and woke up. At that moment, I gained a burst of inspiration and comprehended thief Gu’s Immortal Gu recipe.”


“With this Immortal Gu recipe and so much heaven and earth qi remaining, I can definitely refine thief Immortal Gu. Hahaha, this Immortal Gu recipe is worth waking up to pee at night.”


Although Wei Wu Shang entered the derivation formation, his memories were altered and caused him to think that it was inspiration that allowed him to create thief Immortal Gu’s recipe.


But…


After fifteen minutes.


Wei Wu Shang grunted as he fell to the ground. The heaven and earth qi were completely expended while his vital Gu was heavily damaged.


“I failed the Gu refinement?”


“Impossible!”


Wei Wu Shang could not believe what had happened.


“To refine the vital Gu, I used heaven and earth qi. This is borrowing the power of heaven and earth to refine Gu, it has nothing to do with my refinement path attainment. So how did I fail?”


Wei Wu Shang could only think of one explanation: ”I failed because Immortal Gu is unique?!”


Thinking of this, Wei Wu Shang shook his head.


In his view, this was even more impossible.


It meant that someone else had already refined thief Immortal Gu.


“I am the creator of thief Immortal Gu, how can anyone get the recipe before me? Unless… thief Immortal Gu already exists naturally in the world?”


“But that’s also strange… human path should not have developed this deeply yet.”


Wei Wu Shang fell into deep confusion as he contemplated.




