Chapter 2294: Finding Self Gu


“Quick, cultivate this!” Within Tan Ku’s immortal aperture, a middle aged rank five Gu Master was handing out a cultivation method to Wang Xiao Er.


“Foster father, what is this?” Wang Xiao Er asked in confusion.


Wang Xiao Er had his own secret.


He was not of Fang clan’s bloodline, he was a captive of Fang Dong Xi. But after Fang Dong Xi died in battle, his immortal aperture was invaded by Xiao Ye Hu, causing a huge commotion.


Using the opportunity, Wang Xiao Er escaped for his life and mixed in with this branch of Fang Dong Xi’s descendants.


Afterwards, they were sold in treasure yellow heaven.


Tan Ku was one of the Gu Immortals who bought these human slaves, within the batch of Fang clansmen that he bought, there was Wang Xiao Er.


Thus, Wang Xiao Er started his new life in Tan Ku’s immortal aperture.


Naturally, Tan Ku’s immortal aperture had Tan clan’s bloodline. Thus, the Fang clansmen all had low status, they were slaves.


But even among slaves, there was a difference in status.


For example, the middle aged Gu Master in front of Wang Xiao Er.




He had a rather pitiful life, when Fang Dong Xi’s immortal aperture was in a commotion, his whole family died. The middle aged Gu Master became disheartened and did not want to marry anyone else. After seeing the lonely Wang Xiao Er who was in the same plight as him, he felt that this young man resembled his son and took him in as a foster son.


After all, in the eyes of the middle aged Gu Master, Wang Xiao Er was also a Fang clan descendant.


The middle aged Gu Master knocked Wang Xiao Er’s head and laughed as he scolded: ”What are you suspicious about? Do you think I’ll harm you?”


“I’ll tell you the truth, the Gu Immortals who bought us are from Central Continent.”


“He bought us because he took an interest in our aptitude.”


“Now, he has handed down a human path cultivation method. If we can cultivate it successfully, we will be able to raise our status. In the future, we may even become Gu Immortals.”


Wang Xiao Er listened in a dumbfound manner.


But soon, he stated his suspicions: ”If this is such a precious cultivation method, why is the Central Continent Gu Immortal not cultivating it himself? Why isn’t he leaving it for his own descendants but us instead?”


The middle aged Gu Master clearly knew many Gu Immortal secrets, he had a broad vision. He explained: ”Gu Immortals cultivate their own path, with human path being one of the possibilities. Since this Gu Immortal has already become immortal, he cannot cultivate human path anymore.”


“Furthermore, not everyone has the aptitude to become an immortal.”




“Human path has just started developing, Central Continent’s Gu Immortals are handing out these methods as a trial. Thus, for his own genius descendants, he will definitely leave a portion of the essence of his own cultivation method for them. The remaining Tan clansmen and us will cultivate human path.”


“Human path is really underdeveloped, in our former blessed land, I’ve never even heard of it! But we have no choice now, if we don’t cultivate, we won’t even have any opportunity!”


“Xiao Er, you will live your life in here, those Tan clansmen will step on you and command you like a slave. Are you willing to live like this?”


Wang Xiao Er quickly shook his head and said solemn: ”Foster father, please teach me the method, I will cultivate!”


Wang Xiao Er obtained a large amount of human path information, it was helpful in raising his understanding of human path. There were also several human path Gu worms, they were the foundation for starting his human path cultivation.


After the middle aged Gu Master taught Wang Xiao Er some lessons, the latter started to cultivate on his own.


On this night, Wang Xiao Er was so excited he could not sleep, he decided to cultivate instead.


But an Immortal Gu was accidentally awakened by him in this situation!


The Immortal Gu’s will took the initiative and communicated with Wang Xiao Er as he felt very surprised: ”Self Gu?!”


Self Gu was so small and had hidden itself within Wang Xiao Er’s body, nobody else had sensed it.


He remembered that this was a famous legendary Gu in <<The Legends of Ren Zu>>, he became extremely happy and incredulous. Thus, he quickly flipped through <<The Legends of Ren Zu>>.


<<The Legends of Ren Zu>>, chapter five, section thirty-eight —


After falling into the water of the River of Time, Ren Zu and the other two woke up in shock.


The three immediately climb up to a nearby floating ice, although it was only a short time, they had already grown old.


“Time Gu is hidden within the River of Time, our lifespan will be washed away by the river water.” Great Strength True Martial sighed.


Ren Zu felt regretful: ”Constantly encountering good situations is actually a bad thing, it will create a huge problem! It is not good to be too happy or constantly happy, it can make people indulge in the present and forget about time as they get immersed entirely.”


But Carefree Wisdom Heart said with a tone of joy: ”Quick, look at your heart!”


The three of them inspected their inner heart, they saw that many accumulated emotions had been washed away earlier when they fell into the river.


This discovery made Ren Zu and the other two feel very happy.


Next, they continued to travel on the floating ice.


Whenever they encountered a bad situation and felt negative emotions, they would put their heart into the river water to wash it: ”These bad situations will pass eventually.”


Their negative emotions faded away with time.


Whenever they encountered a good situation and felt immersed in joy, they would put their heart into the river water to wash it: ”These good situations will pass eventually.”


Their positive emotions also weakened over time, preventing them from feeling indulgent.


Cognition Gu saw that the three of them were constantly washing their hearts, it could not help but remind them: ”Time has never healed the wounds of the heart, except that your hearts have grown old. The worst thing is not your body growing old but your hearts aging. Stop washing them.”


Ren Zu and the other two heard these words and quickly stopped their actions.


But without washing the hearts, their speed fell again.


“Let me help you.” At this time, a Gu worm flew over and landed on Ren Zu.


Ren Zu and the other two saw this Gu worm and became very happy.


It was familial emotion Gu.


With the help of familial emotion Gu, Ren Zu and the other two spread their emotions around, the joy of one person was split among three, the sorrow of one person was also split into three.


Using familial emotion, Ren Zu and the other two consoled each other and carried each other’s burden, they moved quickly and firmly.


But good times did not last.


More and more emotions accumulated in their hearts, their hearts became tired and gradually got hurt after being unable to sustain it any longer.


Deep emotions hurt the heart.


The situation soon aggravated, because their hearts were severely injured, they could not take in more emotions.


At this time, Carefree Wisdom Heart took out a cage and held it in her hand: ”This is the Mental Domain that I created, place all your emotions in here.”


Ren Zu and Great Strength True Martial did as she said.


They put their emotions into the Mental Domain.


Immediately, the truthful floating ice revealed its original appearance in front of the three.


They were simply pieces of floating ice, the three felt a different sensation towards it now.


The emotions of people did not concern others, only their own mental state mattered.


“What is this?” Carefree Wisdom Heart soon found a Gu worm in the floating ice.


The Gu worm answered: ”I am calm Gu.”


The truth was icy cold, this was the attitude that one should have when facing situations.


Ren Zu and the other two finally reached the center of the truthful floating ice.


But they did not find self Gu.


“So self Gu is not here.” Ren Zu was very disappointed.


Initially, people would often think that they were the center of all situations, but that was not true.


At the center of the truthful floating ice, there was no self Gu, but three other Gu instead.


They were rules Gu, regulation Gu, and practice Gu.


Rules and regulation Gu had been with Ren Zu for a long time, after Ren Zu’s heart was eaten by the Predicament, they thought that he died and left him.


They came here to create truthful floating ice along with practice Gu.


All sorts of situations were bound by the rules and regulation of heaven and earth.


The three Gu continued to create truthful floating ice like this, afterwards, under the effect of time Gu, these floating ice flowed away and sank.


Rules and regulation Gu saw Ren Zu and felt surprised: ”Oh human, so you did not die.”


Ren Zu quickly asked them on how he could find self Gu.


Rules and regulation Gu pointed at practice Gu and said in unison: ”It can help you!”


Practice Gu replied: ”Oh human, you have gone through too many situations. After such a long time, you have changed a lot. Self Gu is the same, even if it is right before you, it will feel very foreign now, you cannot recognize it.”


“What can I do?” Ren Zu was troubled.


“This is simple.” Practice Gu laughed: ”Can’t you just undergo the situation of ’recognizing yourself’?”


“That’s right!” Ren Zu and the other two realized at once.


Practice Gu continued: ”For a human, recognizing yourself is the most important and also most difficult thing in the world. Great Strength True Martial, you are strong and have ability, if we work together, the chance of success is very high.”


Ability Gu laughed and said: ”Undergoing situations can make me stronger.”


Carefree Wisdom Heart supported this, she gave serious Gu to Great Strength True Martial.


Great Strength True Martial started to undergo situations alongside practice Gu.


They first created a piece of floating ice that was as small as a ball. It surrounded Great Strength True Martial and practice Gu as a light membrane appeared around the ice ball.


Ren Zu and Carefree Wisdom Heart stood on top of the ice ball as they flowed away, eventually encountering year Gu.


“Is this self Gu?” Ren Zu asked.


Great Strength True Martial replied: ”No, self Gu is smaller than it.”


They continued to undergo situations within the ice ball as ability Gu got stronger, the floating ice also became larger as a water membrane appeared around the periphery.


While floating, Ren Zu saw month Gu.


“Is this self Gu?” Ren Zu asked.


Great Strength True Martial replied: ”No, self Gu is smaller than it.”


Great Strength True Martial and practice Gu continued working hard, ability Gu got stronger and made this floating ice even bigger, the periphery of the ice ball was covered in a stone membrane.


Ren Zu saw day Gu.


“Is this self Gu?” Ren Zu asked.


Great Strength True Martial replied: ”No, self Gu is smaller than it.”


The stronger the ability, the more one would find that they were small and insignificant.


Eventually, the floating ice reached its biggest size, the periphery was covered by a crystal membrane. Ren Zu and the other two floated on the ice ball and eventually found self Gu.


“Self Gu is actually so small.” Ren Zu was internally shaken.


Cognition Gu sighed: ”In the eyes of heaven and earth, in the eyes of mankind, a single self Gu is very small and insignificant.”




