Chapter 2295: Fang Yuan Wants More Twins


Late at night.


Wang Xiao Er looked at the <<The Legends of Ren Zu>> as his eyes turned bloodshot from excitement, his nose was also blowing out steam.


“Foster father’s human path cultivation method is not wrong at all. <<The Legends of Ren Zu>> is truly a human path classic!”


“I’ve just noticed that in the section regarding self Gu, it actually hints the different levels of each Gu Master cultivation rank. Light membrane, water membrane, stone membrane, and crystal membrane!”


“Ren Zu and the other two met the time path Gu, Year, Month, and Day, in the River of Time. Does this mean that Gu Master cultivation takes a long time to gradually accumulate accomplishments?”


“I am still too ignorant now, this is all that I can see.”


“The human path cultivation method states that the most outstanding cultivators in history,the venerables, have all comprehended something from <<The Legends of Ren Zu>>. Thus, there are many human path killer moves created as their research results.”


“Even though I cannot match them now, I still have an extraordinary hope!”


“Self Gu…”


“It has been hiding in my body all along, the moment I started my human path cultivation, I found it. This must be a human path Immortal Gu!”


“Among the various Gu worms mentioned in <<The Legends of Ren Zu>>, in my eyes, self Gu is the most special and unique one.”




“Hahaha, with this Immortal Gu, human path is truly the most suitable path for me!”


“It is definitely the right choice to cultivate human path.”


At almost the same time.


In the sovereign immortal aperture, Mini Eastern Sea.


“Haha.” Mermaid Gu Immortal Tang Qiong could not help but laugh: ”It was definitely the right choice for our entire race to join Fang Yuan and live in the sovereign immortal aperture.”


Her excitement could not be concealed.


There was a total of three merman female immortals, Fang Yuan had brought them in earlier. After bringing a group of mermen to settle down here, they started to live in the sovereign immortal aperture.


The three merman female immortals had a clear distribution of jobs, Yu Zi was mostly in charge of completing missions and earning contribution points. Lian Ke Xin was in charge of external relations, she communicated with the other races and forces. Tang Qiong was in charge of defending the merman tribe’s territory.


After all, abnormal situations often occurred in the sovereign immortal aperture. The territory of the various forces had at least one Gu Immortal defending it at all times for safety.


Tang Qiong had just received orders from Fang Yuan, there was a piece of information that was rather outstanding.




From now on, Fang Yuan would put in more effort to support the well-performing descendants of the various tribes and forces. He would spent a huge sum to aid their cultivation and promote them to become Gu Immortal seeds.


To achieve this, Fang Yuan even gave orders to the Gu Immortals in charge of the various factions.


Each other, the respective forces had to nurture a certain number of Gu Immortal seeds.


If they reached the target, they would receive contribution points.


Otherwise, they would be punished.


“Lord Alliance Leader is not just impartial and fair, he also has a heart of benevolence. He is helping us variant humans to nurture more Gu Masters by investing such a huge sum of resources. Even among the past venerables, none had ever shown such love to us variant humans like Lord Fang Yuan! Even Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable only helped some of our tribes, it cannot compare to Lord Fang Yuan.”


Thinking of this, tears appeared in Tang Qiong’s eyes.


The reason why Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable helped the variant humans was because he could not bear seeing them face the threat of extinction.


But Fang Yuan was different.


Fang Yuan did not just give the variant humans a fair and relatively safe environment to live in without ostracism, he even gave them aid in the form of resources so that they could grow stronger.


This was an unprecedented situation.


Tang Qiong had gone through a lot of ordeals when she managed the Merman Imperial Court, they were ostracized and suppressed by various forces. As a merman Gu Immortal, she had lived a life of being bullied and overwhelmed with pressure.


Now, inside the sovereign immortal aperture, she felt truly free and happy.


The work she did in the sovereign immortal aperture was far more tiring than being in Eastern Sea, she often had to work her hardest and not rest for more than ten days in a row, along with the threat of her liver exploding.


But now, Tang Qiong was feeling increasingly fond of this place, she loved this world and treasured this sea area!


Because here, there was fairness and equality that the five regions lacked.


Because here, there was abundant hope.


because here, as long as one worked hard and was willing to undergo hardship, they will be rewarded based on effort.


Because here, one could feel that they were growing and improving at an observable rate, their own tribe or force was also developing rapidly.


Tang Qiong’s divine sense Gu entered the information path mortal Gu again, she reread the information that she had already looked through several times.


Fang Yuan’s orders greatly encouraged the procreation of the various forces. The more children they had, the more rewards they would receive.


Regarding the increase in population, Fang Yuan had a clear direction.


The vast amount of cultivation resources would be handed down to the Gu Immortals of the various factions and forces in the next few days.


Among which, there were large quantities of relic Gu, unprocessed jade Gu, wood origin Gu, water source Gu, man triumphing heaven Gu and others.


Relic Gu could raise the cultivation of a Gu Master by a small realm, while precious mortal Gu like unprocessed jade Gu could raise the Gu Master’s aptitude!


In essence, they were just carving a certain path’s dao marks on the Gu Master’s bodies.


Unprocessed jade Gu carved earth path dao marks, it was suitable for raising the aptitude of rockman Gu Masters.


Wood origin Gu suited minimen, water source Gu suited mermen, while man triumphing heaven Gu suited purebred humans without Gu Master aptitude, it could forcefully awaken their aperture.


“With these resources, our tribe can finally see hope in a bright future.”


“There has never been a venerable like Lord Fang Yuan, he truly cares about his people. No matter how ordinary or common these people are, his love is boundless like the sun while soothing like the wind, enveloping everyone.”


“He is truly worthy of being Great Love Immortal Venerable! It is my greatest fortune to be on his side.”


Thinking of this, Tang Qiong felt very excited as tears flowed down her face.


Fang Yuan, who was idolized by Tang Qiong, had just used obscured heavenly secret once again.


It could not be helped.


The gains from stealing heavenly secret were too bountiful.


Even now, there were still Gu Immortals who were returning from Eastern Sea, Western Desert, and Southern Border, bringing back cultivation resources secretly.


The most valuable things were the information of the five regions, Fang Yuan’s modified killer moves, and the establishment of his combat system.


Everything caused his luck to grow immensely again.


Thus, Fang Yuan had to activate obscured heavenly secret again to fortify the concealment effect.


During this period of time, Fang Yuan did not refine his fourth rank nine Immortal Gu.


On the surface, he was refining Eastern Sea’s refinement path dao marks intermittently, but in secret, he was digesting the gains of stealing heavenly secret and deducing many things. As for the truthful floating ice, although it was the most important thing earlier, it was no longer his focus now.


The initial benefit of unsealing the truthful floating ice was already obtained, now, the gains had evidently fallen.


This was reflected upon Fang Yuan’s own luck as well.


Fang Yuan used luck inspection and only managed to see a portion of it, but from this portion, he could see many things that were useful to his deductions.


Everything involving rank nine heavenly secret Gu was Fang Yuan’s greatest secret. This involved obscured heavenly secret, stealing heavenly secret, and others.


Because of stealing heavenly secret, Fang Yuan started to target those mortals in the immortal aperture.


He worked at lightning speed, after understanding the value of these mortals, he decided to nurture them with his full support.


Tang Qiong and the rest did not know the truth.


Fang Yuan had abundant immortal materials in his storage, mortal materials were more lacking in comparison.


The sovereign immortal aperture itself produced a lot of mortal materials on a large scale, but there were a lot of materials needed to nurture mortals. The sovereign immortal aperture had to use treasure yellow heaven to undergo various transactions and satisfy this need.


The plan was already established while cultivation resources were not an issue, but Fang Yuan wanted to make this even better.


He calculated and found that he had many methods that could be used to nurture these mortal Gu Masters.


For example, blood skull Gu, bone flesh unity Gu, and guts Gu, as well as the rank one to six version of second aperture Gu.


Aptitude was very important to a Gu Master.


Back then, Fang Yuan had used blood skull Gu to slaughter his clan and obtained A grade aptitude.


The A grade aptitude gave him immense help in his future cultivation journey.


At the same time, A grade aptitude meant a higher chance at becoming a Gu Immortal seed than B or C grade aptitude. If one had poor aptitude, rank three or four would be their limit, how could they even reach rank five?


“Blood skull Gu’s ability to raise aptitude is even more outstanding than unprocessed jade Gu, wood origin Gu, water source Gu, and polished gold Gu. Maybe I can use blood skull Gu to undergo a massive slaughter before reviving them using Human Sea and slaughtering them again. In that case, I can create a large number of A grade aptitude Gu Masters.”


A terrifying cultivation plan emerged in Fang Yuan’s mind.


He thought of bone flesh unity Gu.


This Gu was very useful to Fang Yuan when he was still a Gu Master.


It could help to elevate primeval essence for cultivation, not only could Fang Yuan use it to advance a small realm, he could even tackle the boundaries to cross a cultivation rank!


It was truly useful.


“But to refine this Gu, I will need twins.”


“This is a little troublesome.”


Fang Yuan not only needed a few hundred bone flesh unity Gu, he needed a vast number of them and scattered them across the sovereign immortal aperture. In that case, in the future, there would be many new Gu Immortal seeds.


“I do not have the time to focus on my current human soul cultivation method, my previous attempt has also bore little fruit. Thus, I can use guts Gu to nurture Gu Immortal seeds, a stronger soul is very useful to them.”


“As for second aperture Gu, it is only icing on the cake.”


Fang Yuan would not use rank six second aperture Immortal Gu to nurture them, at most, he would use rank one to five versions of them.


Right now, second aperture Gu was confirmed to be a heaven path Gu worm.


Rank six second aperture Gu used lifespan Gu as the material, while lifespan Gu was the most classic heaven path Gu worm, it contained heaven path dao marks.


Rank nine sovereign immortal fetus Gu used the ten extreme physiques as the Gu material, it was ’immortal fetus’ instead of ’immortal aperture’, thus it was a human path Immortal Gu.


Fang Yuan made a conclusion, he needed to amass Gu Immortal seeds by first increasing the population.


Whether they were variant humans or humans did not matter.


Fang Yuan did not intend to take in external people, as for Gu Immortal seeds, it would be better for the sovereign immortal aperture to nurture them, they were more loyal after all. Variant humans were the most loyal to him.


Fang Yuan felt more assured with these variant humans.


With a higher population, the number of Gu Masters would also rise. But to create Gu Immortal seeds, one needed to raise the Gu Master’s aptitude first.


This meant that mortals did not just need to give birth more often, they also needed to create more siblings and blood-related kin for Fang Yuan to slaughter in the future.


It would be best if they were twins.


That way, while slaughtering them, he could also refine them into bone flesh unity Gu.


“I need more twins…” Fang Yuan thought about it and muttered: ”I need to look for Giant Sun Immortal Venerable. Among the venerables, he is most skilled at having children!”




