Chapter 23: Like Raising a Mistress


The sun had already set.

The sunset glow was still burning in the sky. The far-off mountains had gone gray as ash, gradually fading to black.

At the academy, the day’s class was over. The students walked out from the building in twos and threes.

“I’m really happy today, I learned quite a few things, especially how to handle the Moonlight Gu.”

“The way the moonblade flies in the air looks so cool. It’s too bad that my talent is poor, so in the future I can only be a logistics Gu Master. I won’t be able to fight.” The young teenagers happily chatted away.

A few of them called their friends over.

“Let’s go and eat, we can drink some rice wine while we’re at it, what do you think?”

“Sure, that’s not a bad idea.”

“You guys go on first, I need to go to the store beside the academy’s Gu storage room and buy a grass puppet. It will be easy to practice at home with it.”

Fang Yuan went to the Gu storage room alone.

The academy kept quite a few rank one Gu worms of many different types.

Once in a while, the students would have the opportunity to pick a Gu worm for free. If they wanted any extra Gu, they would have to pay.

At the moment, Fang Yuan had no wish to refine any other Gu. He walked to the building beside the storage room — it was a small store.

In the store, there were seven students, each of them at the counter negotiating with the store owner about buying grass puppets.

“It’s you, Junior.” The rank one Gu Master responsible for the store was in his twenties. When he saw Fang Yuan, he greeted him before going back to bargaining with his customers.

Fang Yuan was taken by surprise. The store manager was Jiang Ya, the young Gu Master that had taught the hunters a lesson at the inn.

“Ah, it’s you, Senior.” Fang Yuan nodded his head, his face expressionless.

Jiang Ya took out a grass puppet from the counter behind him, passing it to the student who purchased it. At the same time, he gave Fang Yuan a friendly smile and asked, “Did you come here to buy a grass puppet as well? If you want one, it’s just three primeval stones. These things are selling like hotcakes, right now there are only seven left. If you wait any longer, I’ll be out of stock.”

Jiang Ya’s attitude towards mortals was arrogant, but towards people like Fang Yuan, he was very kind and sincere.

Fang Yuan shook his head, laughing secretly as he thought, This Jiang Ya really does know how to do business. These grass puppets were made with a Grass Puppet Gu. Even after including the primeval essence that was put in, the final cost should not be more than one and a half primeval stones.

“Senior, this isn’t fair. It should be first come first serve, why are you offering them to him?”

“Yeah, we all came early. If you want to do business you should follow the rules.”

“Three stones it is, then. Here, give me a grass puppet.”

The youngsters in the store were all worried when they heard that the store only had seven puppets left. They stopped trying to negotiate and took out their stones to buy it.

Soon, seven satisfied teenagers walked out.

“Do you want to buy a grass puppet?” Jiang Ya laughed as he asked. “It seems like they were sold out, but actually there’s still an eighth stowed away below the counter. If you don’t buy it now, you’ll miss out.”

Fang Yuan had no interest in the grass puppet. He shook his head and pulled out a primeval stone, putting it on the counter. “I want to buy ten moon orchid petals.”

Jiang Ya was stunned. He looked Fang Yuan deep in the eye, taking the primeval stone and pulling open the counter drawer. Then he took out a paper bag, saying, “Ten moon orchid flower petals, not one less. Please make sure.”

Fang Yuan checked the goods and found them all in order. Finally, he left the small shop.

Gu had to be fed.

A Gu Master refined Gu, used Gu, and at the same time needed to raise Gu.

Refining a Gu was difficult; there was the risk of a counterattack. Using a Gu was not easy; one needed a lot of practice. The knowledge of raising a Gu was even more extensive and profound, because there were all kinds of Gu worms and their food was exceedingly strange. Some needed to swallow soil, some needed to bask in starlight, some drank tears, and still others fed on the clouds and air of the Nine Heavens.

Consider Fang Yuan’s three Gu. The Moonlight Gu required moon orchid petals, two meals a day, two petals per meal. For the Liquor Worm, it needed to drink wine: a jar of green bamboo wine could support it for four days. As for the Spring Autumn Cicada, it was even more peculiar, as it drank straight from the waters of the River of Time to maintain its vitality.

The River of Time supported the flow of this world. It was not some distant thing, but very near at hand, flowing by every person’s side. Every movement made by every living creature required the push of time.

Time was like flowing water, hurriedly gliding forward. The River of Time was invisible and colorless, and all living creatures dwelled in the waters of the River of Time.

After buying the bag of moon orchid petals, Fang Yuan went to the inn to buy green bamboo wine. The Liquor Worm could also drink turbid wine or rice wine to live. However, with this kind of second-rate wine, the amount it needed to drink would increase. After calculating it, Fang Yuan decided it would be better to buy green bamboo wine. Not only would it be more efficient, it would also not arouse suspicion.

“Young sir, you’ve come.” The worker at the inn had already grown familiar with Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan passed him three primeval stones directly, speaking with a familiar ease. “Give me a jar of green bamboo wine and make me a good supper. You don’t need to give me the change, just hold onto it. Whenever the excess amounts to one stone, you can subtract it from my tab.”

Even though Fang Yuan no longer stayed at the inn now that he had access to the academy dormitories, he would always have a meal here when he bought wine.

“Alright. Young sir, please take a seat, your meal will be sent over immediately.” The worker replied, leading Fang Yuan to his seat. He took the cloth on top of his shoulder and gently wiped the table before leaving. Just as the worker said, the dishes were very quickly served.

Fang Yuan ate and calculated at the same time. A primeval stone can buy me ten flower petals. The Moonlight Gu consumes four petals every day. A jar of green bamboo wine costs two stones, and it can support the Liquor Worm for four days. In other words, just to raise and feed these two Gu, I will need to spend nearly one stone every day.

It did not seem like much, but in reality this was very costly. A mortal family of three only required a single primeval stone per month. It had been sixteen days since he refined his first two Gu. Just to feed them, Fang Yuan had already spent fourteen and a half primeval stones.

I have acquired the Flower Wine Monk’s treasure, taken Fang Zheng’s bag of primeval stones, and also received the first place reward. My total income in that period was forty-four and a half stones. However, I wasted six and half stones on refining Gu, then I used fourteen and a half to feed them. My living expenses since then sum to half a stone, so today I am probably left with twenty.

Fang Yuan took out his money pouch. He opened it and looked inside. Each of the stones within were the same size, grayish-white, and shaped like a duck egg.

After counting, he found that he really only had twenty left. In other words, without any changes, Fang Yuan would only be able to go on for half a month with what he had left. He was not like his peers — they had relatives and friends to help them out, especially students like Mo Bei and Chi Cheng, who came from wealthy families.

Fang Yuan could only think of a way by himself.

My aunt and uncle have already cut off my living expenses, but every weekend the academy gives out three primeval stones as a subsidy to every student. Looks like I will need to show off in the moonblade assessment in three days and take that ten primeval stone prize, Fang Yuan decided.

His body was that of a teenager in the middle of its growth. Without realizing it, he had already wolfed down all the food.

Taking up the sealed green bamboo wine jar, Fang Yuan stood and started to leave the inn.

“Young sir, young sir.” An inn worker chased after him. “In less than a month, the trade caravan will arrive at the village. In the past, they would always buy our green bamboo wine. You seem to be quite taken with it and always buy a few jars every week, so the innkeeper ordered me to tell you. We only have so much in stock, so after we sell it to the caravan, I’m afraid we won’t have much left.”

“Is that the case?” When Fang Yuan heard the news, he frowned slightly. He had many years of experience with which to judge people. The inn worker and the young Gu Master Jiang Ya spoke similarly, but Fang Yuan could tell the difference between Jiang Ya’s sales tricks and the inn worker’s truthful words.

This matter was a little troublesome. Fang Yuan needed to feed the Liquor Worm, so he needed a tremendous amount of green bamboo wine in the long run. If this inn ran out of stock, he would have to use massive amounts of second-rate wine to feed the Liquor Worm.

It was not possible for him to drink several jars of wine a day. After a while, people would be suspicious. After thinking about it, Fang Yuan took out ten primeval stones and said, “Then I’ll buy another five jars. I will need you to carry them for me and take them to the academy dormitory.”

“Alright, young sir.” The worker immediately accepted the primeval stones.

The moon orchid flower petals could only last for five days without any special storage means, so Fang Yuan would only buy a bag of ten petals every time. However, the green bamboo wine could be kept for a very long time, so he could stock up.

A few workers followed Fang Yuan into the academy dorms and placed the wine jars under his bed, then bade their leave. Observing his suddenly-deflated money pouch, Fang Yuan heaved a sigh.

Refining a Gu was hard, but raising a Gu also was not easy.

This was also considering the fact that he had his previous life’s experience using Gu, so he did not need to practice and learn how to use most of them, saving greatly on his expenses.

For the other students, they would need to practice with the Moonlight Gu and waste primeval essence. To increase their proficiency, they would have to practice many times. When they used too much primeval essence, their natural recovery would be too slow, so they would have to rely on primeval stones. To properly practice for the contest, they would also have to buy a grass puppet — another three primeval stones. All these considerations boiled down to money.

Fortunately, my Spring Autumn Cicada feeds on time and not anything else. Otherwise I would have long gone bankrupt, I would never be able to support it. Fang Yuan suddenly felt very lucky.

The higher a Gu’s rank, the more food it needed or the more precious and rare the food it required would be, and thus the more difficult it would be to raise. A normal rank two Gu worm would cost somewhere in the neighborhood of one to two primeval stones a day.

It was considered good if the food was even purchasable. There were some Gu that required food that was difficult to find, if it could even be bought at all.

Take the Spring Autumn Cicada’s food: time itself. As the old saying goes, “an inch of gold cannot buy an inch of time”.

No matter how much money you have, can you buy time?

You can’t!

In theory, a Gu Master could refine an unlimited amount of Gu. As long as you could refine it, whether ten, a hundred, or a thousand, it was possible. You could refine as many Gu as you wished.

But in reality, a Gu Master normally only had four or five Gu.

Why?

The biggest reason was because it was expensive.

The higher the rank of the Gu, the more expensive it would be to feed and raise. Many a Gu Master had suffered migraines from the difficulty of obtaining food for their Gu.

The second biggest reason was because they couldn’t use them.

To throw a single moonblade, one would need to use 10% primeval essence. A C grade Gu Master could run out of primeval essence after launching three or four attacks.

To raise so many Gu, wouldn’t it be a waste if one couldn’t use them anyway?

Thus, in a Gu Master’s cultivation, there was a saying: “Raising a Gu is like raising a mistress”.

To keep a mistress, you would need to buy food, clothes, a house, and more. It was very expensive, and the more you had, the more costly it was. A normal man could not afford it.

Even if you kept so many, a man’s energy was limited; he couldn’t use them all. Would you raise them just to look at them?

When the rank of a Gu Master increased, so did the quality of the food required by their Gu. Thus, in general, a Gu Master only kept four to five Gu of their rank. Any more would bankrupt them!

