Chapter 2300: Born with a Rank Five Gu


Fang Yuan’s divine sense spread rapidly in the sovereign immortal aperture.


“Maybe I should build some small wisdom path formations so my divine sense can spread here more easily?” Fang Yuan thought.


His divine sense was moving at a rapid speed but the sovereign immortal aperture was just too big. It was too troublesome for Fang Yuan to look into his immortal aperture closely each time he entered.


Ordinary Gu Immortals had no such issue. Although their immortal aperture was called a small world, it could not compare to Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture.


Not long after, Fang Yuan’s divine sense reached the destination.


Mini Western Desert, Inkman City.


There was a family at an unassuming corner of the city.


The man of the family was a young inkman Gu Master, he had limited aptitude and only had rank two cultivation. Currently, he had a nervous expression as he paced outside the room.


Waaaa—!


The crying of a baby could be heard coming from within the room.


The man immediately showed an expression of joy.




He rushed into the room and saw his wife and the female doctor who he had hired at a high price.


The female doctor was hiding a male inkman baby.


He was very small and ugly but was healthy.


“Everything is normal, except…” The female doctor smiled at the man and directed her gaze to the baby’s arm.


In his hands, there were a pair of Gu worms.


They were bone flesh unity Gu!


The female doctor had an expression of shock, because she was the doctor here, she saw that this pair of Gu worms were born alongside the baby.


“If I had not been here the entire time, I would not have believed this. Is this… the effect of the Pregnancy Temple?” The female doctor asked the male inkman.


The male inkman saw this immediately.


His eyes turned red after seeing the Gu worms.




With his strength and wealth, he would need to expend a vast amount of time and effort to get such Gu worms.


But now, this pair of rare Gu worms was born alongside his son!


This was such a huge surprise.


The male inkman nodded, he said chokingly: ”Yes, after the Pregnancy Temple was built, my wife and I went to give it a try. To think that it really worked!”


The female doctor sighed and said: ”You must not be the only one. This Pregnancy Temple really works as they said, it can help you to rapidly have children, and if lucky, they will be born with Gu worms.”


The male inkman wanted to speak but hesitated.


The female doctor casted him a gaze of suspicion.


On the bed, the weak female inkman spoke now, she wanted the doctor to test their bloodline.


The female doctor was stunned, she realized that they were worried this baby was not their own.


Immediately after, the test was completed.


It was a joyful ending.


“This is my son, I finally have a son. Oh goodness, I finally have a son!” The male inkman had no hesitation anymore, he held the baby and cried tears of joy.


Fang Yuan’s divine sense observed the scene and left quietly.


This Pregnancy Temple was his arrangement.


There were many of such mortal Gu Houses, after Fang Yuan built them, he placed them all over the sovereign immortal aperture for the people to use.


Pregnancy Temple was a human path Immortal Gu House, the core human path Gu worms it used included: become pregnant Gu, triplet Gu, dead fetus Gu, multiple pregnancy Gu, and safe pregnancy Gu.


It even used a large number of time path and refinement path Gu worms.


The actual effect of Pregnancy Temple was to extract the yin-yang qi of the male and female to activate become pregnant Gu and make the female pregnant.


After that, it would use triplet Gu to turn the fetus into triplets.


After that, two of the fetuses would be used as Gu materials after dead fetus Gu activated, while the final one would be protected by safe pregnancy Gu.


The two dead fetuses would be refined as bone flesh unity Gu, born together with the final fetus.


The entire process of the pregnancy to childbirth would not take more than seven days, this was the effect of time path Gu worms.


In that case, the sovereign immortal aperture’s population would rise rapidly. Once the population went up, more clans would be created, and under the effect of the ’dream path method’, their aptitudes would rise together and produce more Gu Immortal seeds.


Throughout the process, the citizens of the sovereign immortal aperture would feel more admiration and love towards their great leader Fang Yuan, they would feel indebted to him!


It was clear that they would become increasingly loyal to him.


“The bone flesh unity Gu that comes with the baby act as the vital Gu and is refined naturally. Once these babies are born, they will have a rank five vital Gu. After bone flesh unity Gu reaches a certain level, they will switch to other Gu worms. In that case, the growth of these babies will be accelerated!”


Fang Yuan planned inwardly.


It was not hard for the current him to achieve this, it was completely a breeze.


He used the human body Gu refinement method, which was one of the peak profundities of refinement path, originating from Ni clan.


When Ni clan’s bloodline reach a certain density, the current generation Ni Xiang would be born with an Immortal Gu appearing in their body.


Fang Yuan was only producing mortal Gu now.


“When Giant Sun Immortal Venerable created yin-yang path, the essence was in Gu worms like abortion Gu, safe pregnancy Gu, and multiple pregnancy Gu. All the past venerables have comprehended some human path killer moves from <<The Legends of Ren Zu>>, but these methods are too profound and not suited for the masses. Thus, Heavenly Court arranged for Divine Emperor City to develop the foundation of human path.”


“The truth is, there is a very special man among the venerables, he had actually created many foundational mortal Gu of human path, but had always kept them to himself and did not popularize them.”


“The prospect and development of human path is truly great.” Fang Yuan sighed.


Higher level human path killer moves were able to easily turn the situation of the fate war around, while lower level methods had incredible use.


Fang Yuan was certain that human path was not inferior to heaven path!


Most importantly, human path had not developed yet.


“Human path is suppressed by the Heavenly Dao. Just these human path mortal Gu that are created by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable have such a terrifying effect. How can the Heavenly Dao that emphasizes balance allow such a qualitative change in the growth of humanity?”


Fang Yuan was increasingly understanding why Heavenly Court was focusing on developing human path.


Heavenly Court had always been tampering with heaven’s will using fate Gu as their pillar.


After fate Gu was destroyed, Heavenly Court became the number one super force that heaven’s will disliked.


Being unable to use heaven’s will, Heavenly Court decided to develop human path instead.


“But why would Star Constellation Immortal Venerable not know about the weakness of the derivation formation?” Fang Yuan had a deep and eerie gaze.


Derivation formation was situated in Heavenly Court, any research results that it produced would be known by heaven’s will.


This meant that as those Gu cultivators who entered the derivation formation grew, the Heavenly Dao also grew together with them!


But even if the Heavenly Dao gained from this, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable still had benefits to gain from using the derivation formation.


She could develop herself to surpass the other venerables.


It was possible that in her plan, she would first eliminate the other venerables and make Heavenly Court the dominating force before dealing with heaven’s will.


“Thus, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable has not entered the derivation formation herself, or is she waiting for a chance?” Fang Yuan guessed to himself.


At least, Fang Yuan knew that Crazed Demon Cave was the most suitable place to put the derivation formation.


The first seven layers of Crazed Demon Cave could not isolate heaven’s will, but the eighth and ninth layers were safe.


Other than that, Fang Yuan could not see any other possibilities.


It would not work if one placed the derivation formation into a venerable aperture.


Because the wild derivation Gu was rank nine, it contained too much heaven’s will. If placed into the venerable’s immortal aperture, the heaven’s will within would connect with the heaven’s will of the five regions, allowing the venerable to be detected by heaven’s will.


Fang Yuan had once suffered a loss from this.


“Limitless Demon Venerable created the Crazed Demon formation, but Star Constellation Immortal Venerable must have been a part of it. After all, the formation needs wisdom path’s help. This is also why Star Constellation Immortal Venerable held the initiative in Crazed Demon Cave, after returning to Heavenly Court, she easily created the derivation formation. But Crazed Demon Cave itself must have been made by Limitless Demon Venerable alone. Star Constellation Immortal Venerable does not know of its profundity, otherwise, it will be the first thing she constructs.”


Fang Yuan’s divine sense continued to search.


There were many families in Inkman City that had given birth to children.


The situation was quite successful, each newborn had a bone flesh unity Gu as their vital Gu.


Come to speak of it, bone flesh unity Gu’s recipe was modified by Fang Yuan.


Rank eight wisdom Gu was of some help to Fang Yuan.


During this period of time, he easily raised wisdom Gu to rank eight.


In addition, Refinement Sea and Human Sea were completed.


It was just that Human Sea lacked Human Mountain, it was not a complete secluded domain now and could still be expended.


The cost of reviving mortals was much cheaper than Gu Immortals, it could last for a very long time.


Other than Human Sea and Refinement Sea, Fang Yuan had also collected many fragments of the Qian Kun Crystal Wall.


Most of the Qian Kun Crystal Wall fragments scattered in Eastern Sea, Southern Border, and Western Desert were currently in Fang Yuan’s hands.


As for the other two regions, because of the existence of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, Fang Yuan did not ask about them when he used stealing heavenly secret.


The complete Qian Kun Crystal Wall was even stronger than stealing heavenly secret, it contained the information of all situations that happened in the world.


If stealing heavenly secret was said to be a ladle that was drawing water from the vat, then the Qian Kun Crystal Wall was the vat itself!


According to Fang Yuan’s understanding after using stealing heavenly secret, the complete Qian Kun Crystal Wall could create Primordial Domain!!


Moving his divine sense, Fang Yuan left Inkman City and came to Mini Eastern Sea to inspect the Floating Refinement Hives.


These Floating Refinement Hives were arranged appropriately, there were no issues.


They were originally derived from the Fang Yuan stone nest.


Back then, Fang Yuan had the concept of a production line, he created these stone nests and arranged for many hairy man Gu Masters to refine Gu.


Right now, each of the Floating Refinement Hives were an incomplete secluded domain of heaven and earth, they were far superior to the Fang Yuan stone nest back then.


There were already many hairy man Gu Masters in some of the Floating Refinement Hives.


The first batch of Gu worms to refine were relic Gu and connecting heaven Gu.


After Fang Yuan’s divine sense looked around for a while, he left again.


After a while, under the control of his divine sense, countless Gu worms expended his rich reserves of rank nine immortal essence to activate an immortal killer move — Endless Trouble.


The core Immortal Gu of this move was rank eight After, it could delay the current calamity or tribulation to the next time, and face them together.


Fang Yuan had already modified this killer move and used it many times.


He adjusted the sovereign immortal aperture’s time flow to make it much faster, this caused calamities and tribulations to occur more frequently, but each time, Fang Yuan used endless trouble killer move to delay them to the next tribulation.


Such an action infuriated heaven’s will, when the actual tribulation occurs, it would be extremely strong.


For this was a flaw that Fang Yuan could benefit from.


Even if the tribulations erupted with the anger of heaven’s will and became more powerful, Fang Yuan was confident of passing them and getting a large number of dao marks!




