Chapter 2304: Sword Qi Takes Form


Immortal battlefield killer move — Rumor Cage!


Zhou Xiong Xin clapped; in an instant, countless silver text characters emerged and circled Lin clan’s public blessed land.


These characters were large as horse carriages or small as ants, they weaved together into a huge ball, enveloping Heavenly Court five great Gu Immortals and Lin clan’s first supreme elder.


“Success.” Zhou Xiong Xin said with excitement, letting out a breath of relief.


A good start was half the success!


The other four Heavenly Court immortals also looked relieved.


What they were most worried about was Lin clan’s first supreme elder running away.


They were all rank eight Gu Immortals, Heavenly Court was fighting five versus one, but it was very hard to catch a rank eight Gu Immortal who wanted to flee.


With the conflict between dao marks, Gu Immortals could not easily show the advantage of numbers. These five Heavenly Court immortals separately cultivated wood path, information path, fire path, blood path, and transformation path which conflicted with each other.


“Rumor cage really deserves the title of the battlefield killer move with the fastest activation time.”


“But I did not expect Lin clan’s first supreme elder to not dodge or flee.”




“Did he see through it?”


The five Heavenly Court immortals conversed with each other through mental transmission.


They appeared grandly because they had already arranged a temporary formation outside Lin clan’s public blessed land headquarters.


Once Lin clan’s first supreme elder escaped or flew out of the public blessed land, the formation would be triggered and attack him, reducing his speed.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had personally instructed them regarding the requirement of a sword immortal’s immortal aperture and body. These five Heavenly Court members naturally made ample preparations.


Although this formation did not have much offensive power, it was modified by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable herself to target Lin clan’s first supreme elder’s escape methods.


Moreover, public blessed lands always had weaker defense than an individual’s blessed land.


As an information path expert, Zhou Xiong Xin had already gathered relevant information when he moved around in Western Desert.


Lin clan’s first supreme elder was already trapped in rumor cage battlefield!


Prince Feng Xian gave a shout and charged forward.




He flew to the sky and opened his mouth towards the palace.


Whoosh—!


Flames gushed out of his mouth and landed on the ground, growing rapidly into a blazing inferno.


The palace was only a mortal Gu House, it crumbled apart rapidly in the inferno.


Lin clan’s first supreme elder was forced to come out of his seclusion, he flew to the sky and faced the enemies.


Prince Feng Xian, however, retreated slowly.


“Lin clan’s first supreme elder, Lin Jian Xing, have a taste of my attack!” Wan Zi Hong chuckled charmingly as she took the place of Prince Feng Xian.


She activated a wood path killer move. Instantly, flower petals fluttered and covered the battlefield, a fragrant smell spreading along with it.


All the five Heavenly Court immortals held their breath.


Lin Jian Xing had a solemn expression as he pushed forward with his hands. In an instant, sword qi rampaged and formed into a giant wave.


The wave surged and billowed, washing away the poisonous flower petals.


Wan Zi Hong disappeared amidst the petals and appeared behind Lin Jian Xing.


She raised her left little finger that had a sharp purplish nail as she stabbed at Lin Jian Xing.


Immortal killer move — Flower Thorn Stab.


Lin Jian Xing was struck, his figure paused before sword qi rose violently, sealing Wan Zi Hong within!


At the next moment, his previously activated sword qi wave moved backwards.


The surging giant wave drowned Lin Jian Xing and Wan Zi Hong.


The other four Heavenly Court immortals did not do anything to avoid hurting Wan Zi Hong.


The sword qi wave disappeared shortly afterwards, leaving only Lin Jian Xing while Wan Zi Hong disappeared once again.


Flower petals fluttered beside Prince Feng Xian, turning into Wan Zi Hong.


Wan Zi Hong was injured but had a satisfied smile on her face: ”Stall him, he is struck by my method. The longer time goes by, the more thorns will grow in his body, hindering his movement and even stabbing him to death.”


Wan Zi Hong made her contribution, she retreated and began to heal her wounds.


The other Heavenly Court immortals continued to surround Lin Jian Xing, not giving him any time to rest.


Heavenly Court made full use of their numerical advantage.


The silver characters that formed rumor cage began to let out dazzling light. The dense light flowed like water, moving in the air as it gathered and swirled. Next, from the silvery light, silver tigers emerged.


The tigers roared and pounced on Lin Jian Xing.


It was Zhou Xiong Xin’s killer move — Rumors Become Tigers.


Prince Feng Xian made his move next; countless beautiful fire birds appeared out of thin air.


The fire birds burned intensely while having deep intelligence. They formed into groups and followed the tigers.


Red Heart Traveler also made his move.


Blood light pillars crashed down.


Tigers, fire birds, and blood pillars formed three waves of continuous attacks!


Lin Jian Xing was surrounded by the attacks but he did not evade.


Against the incoming attacks, he shouted grandly as sword qi surged out violently and charged towards the tigers.


Sword qi condensed into vines beside the countless tigers and bound them. The vines had countless sword path thorns that pierced deep into the tigers.


Painful roars of tigers resounded as most of them crumbled apart like balloons being popped.


At this time, the fire birds entered the battlefield.


Lin Jian Xing transferred his immortal essence as the sword qi in the battlefield were replenished, turning into fierce wind.


The fierce wind killed all the remaining tigers and blew away countless fire birds, the remaining few fire birds were unsteady and unable to gather into a formation again.


The blood light pillars smashed down, rapidly suppressing the fierce wind.


Lin Jian Xing was forced to move backwards. After pulling some distance, he release a large amount of sword qi.


Sword qi turned into ice walls that confined the blood light pillars and ground them constantly.


Lin Jian Xing neutralized three waves of attacks consecutively, showing his extremely profound sword path attainment.


Nine Spiritual Fairy did not stint on her praise: ”Lin clan’s first supreme elder’s methods have a unique style and are truly extraordinary. I can’t wait anymore, take this!”


Nine Spiritual Fairy turned into an immemorial desolate beast, her roars were like lightning as they shook even the rumor cage.


Nine Spiritual Fairy clashed with Lin Jian Xing, her attacks were filled with great strength, forcing Lin Jian Xing to move back again and again.


Lin Jian Xing continued to retreat, unable to ward off Nine Spiritual Fairy’s charge.


Transformation path and strength path Gu cultivators had a unique advantage when they were vanguards in the battlefield.


The five Heavenly Court immortals continued to attack in turns, suppressing Lin Jian Xing since the start of the fight.


Although their dao marks conflicted, they had an extremely tacit coordination.


Their attacks were like tidal waves, continuing without stopping. On one hand, they suppressed Lin Jian Xing, not giving him any chance or time to study rumor cage battlefield. On the other hand, they were weakening and wearing him down, creating a chance to capture him.


Lin Jian Xing’s sword qi were exquisite and profound, transforming into all kinds of shapes. His extraordinary sword path attainment made even the five Heavenly Court immortals sigh in awe.


But he was just one person after all, two fists cannot rival four hands, let alone when Heavenly Court had five people!


As time passed, the situation got increasingly disadvantageous for Lin Jian Xing.


“Strange, what method did he use to suppress my flower thorn stab?” Wan Zi Hong was inwardly surprised at seeing Lin Jian Xing moving so freely.


Right at this time, Prince Feng Xian suddenly used a killer move.


After Lin Jian Xing was struck, grey flames burned all over his body.


The flames constantly produced fire birds. Lin Jian Xing’s momentum decreased rapidly as his speed also had an obvious reduction.


Seeing the chance, Red Heart Traveler immediately used his killer move, blood sun seal!


He coughed out a mouthful of blood.


The fragrant blood flew to the air and started rotating. Like a miniature blood sun, it emitted endless blood red light as it rushed towards Lin Jian Xing.


Lin Jian Xing was surrounded by sword qi; at this moment, the sword qi flew and turned into a giant python that tried to stop the blood sun.


But this blood sun seemed to be illusory, it passed through the obstruction and struck Lin Jian Xing’s chest, turning into a red sun insignia.


Lin Jian Xing’s expression changed slightly.


The blood sun insignia showed its effect quickly, it formed into blood red lines.


The blood lines covered Lin Jian Xing, gradually forming a blood cocoon.


It seemed like Lin Jian Xing was about to be captured alive; but at the next moment, Lin Jian Xing’s body crumbled apart, turning into a powerful wave of sword qi that slipped out of the blood cocoon.


After flying outside, these sword qi condensed back into Lin Jian Xing.


“He can even do this?”


“No, something is not right!”


“This is not Lin clan’s first supreme elder.”


The five Heavenly Court immortals’ expressions’ changed as they noticed an issue after seeing the situation.


They shockingly found that the trapped Lin Jian Xing was not the Gu Immortal himself, but only a killer move.


All along, the five immortals had been toyed around until now when they discovered it.


“He is only a lump of sword qi, no wonder my flower thorn stab had no effect.”


“So that’s it, this was not Lin clan’s first supreme elder, that’s why he did not try to evade when I used rumor cage.”


Zhou Xiong Xin’s expression was unsightly as he canceled the battlefield killer move.


The five immortals once again appeared in Lin clan’s public blessed land.


The true Lin clan’s first supreme elder Lin Jian Xing was standing in the air with his hands behind his back, showing a smile as he looked at the five immortals: ”You finally came out.”


“Lin Jian Xing, truly formidable. I wonder what the name of this move is called?” Red Heart Traveler smiled warmly as he asked.


Lin Jian Xing nodded slightly and explained: ”This move is called sword qi takes form.”


“Sword qi takes form, truly a great move!” Prince Feng Xian praised sincerely.


“After this battle, no matter what happens to you, this move will definitely be renowned throughout the five regions.” Zhou Xiong Xin commented.


Although they were played, the five Heavenly Court immortals only looked grim-faced but had no loss in confidence or battle intent.


In the battle inside rumor cage, they were also suppressed.


After all, rumor cage created an information path environment which suppressed four of the Heavenly Court immortals. They did not dare to use all their strength in fear of breaking the rumor cage.


Even if it was not destroyed, if there were great impacts, the battlefield would still be broken and reveal gaps from which Lin Jian Xing could escape.


Lin Jian Xing stretched out his palm and showed several Immortal Gu that were bound by sword qi: ”Heavenly Court’s immortal formation is truly amazing, it seemed to have been modified to specifically target my clan’s public blessed land. Is this Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s method?”


The five Heavenly Court immortals could not conceal their serious expressions.


The formation they had secretly arranged outside of Lin clan’s public blessed land was already taken down by Lin Jian Xing.


But at the next moment, Lin Jian Xing waved his hand, throwing the Immortal Gu to the Heavenly Court immortals: ”The Immortal Gu have been returned to you. This is my clan’s headquarters, it won’t be nice if we destroy it, let’s change the location of our fight.”


The five Heavenly Court immortals quietly received the Immortal Gu and looked at each other. Finally, Red Heart Traveler nodded: ”You have unparalleled grace, I am in admiration.”


“There is a desolate area three thousand li from here, please follow me.” Lin Jian Xing flew out of the blessed land, moving at a slow speed with an indifferent attitude.


The Heavenly Court immortals followed closely after.




