Chapter 2312: Profundity of the Heaven Path Dream Realm


Waves continued to strike the rocky land, flooding and breaking the land including the earth spikes.


Earth trenches were already submerged in water, the underwater force continued to surge and slam into the trenches, enlarging them.


Faint rumbling sounds resounded in the blessed land, the rocky land started to break apart due to the continuous flood.


The separated rocky land turned into five large islands and tens of smaller islands.


Meng Qiu Zhen finally relaxed after finishing this step, a sense of accomplishment rose in his heart.


It was not easy to reach this stage.


At first, this blessed land had the highest number of earth path dao marks, the dao marks of other paths were very few, the difference between the two was large which led the terrain to become rocky.


The rocky land’s advantages and disadvantages were obvious. It could produce rock materials and ore mines which were very beneficial to the rockmen’s habitat, but it was not beneficial for the growth of vegetation.


The blessed land’s terrain was not a bad thing originally.


However, when Meng Qiu Zhen probed the next three earthly calamities; the first calamity was the strength path beast calamity four-armed ferocious ape; the second calamity was a fire path calamity fire rain, and the third was a transformation path calamity flies tribulation.


Meng Qiu Zhen understood that this dream path blessed land’s calamities and tribulations were not based on earth path. Developing in earth path did not have much prospects.




Meng Qiu Zhen immediately decided to remodel the terrain!


After a Gu Master undergoes immortal ascension, very few who would change the terrain of their immortal aperture.


This step was not easy.


Fortunately, this was a dream realm and Meng Qiu Zhen had a land spirit’s powers.


He first destroyed the complete rocky land but he could not do it perfectly because he lacked strength path dao marks.


Afterwards, he used his create dream killer move to create earth spikes and used earth trenches and caverns to kill the four-armed ape.


This step was quite difficult.


If he did not have create dream, Meng Qiu Zhen would have no earth spikes, the four-armed ape would have lived for a very long period. He would need to wait for it to die of hunger before the immortal aperture blessed land could digested it slowly to obtain strength path dao marks.


Using the earth spikes, Meng Qiu Zhen quickly got rid of the four-armed ape.


But because of conflicting dao marks, the blessed land could only absorb most of the strength path dao marks and not all of it. Fortunately, this portion was enough, Meng Qiu Zhen finally split apart the complete rock land.




Next was painstaking work.


Meng Qiu Zhen chose a large island and began to crush the peripheral rocky land into a large amount of gravel.


This was an arduous task.


First, he had to accumulate lightning clouds to bombard it, then use fierce wind and water waves to erode the land.


With strength path dao marks, the wind and waves were much more forceful than before but the efficiency of crushing rocks was not high. A lot of strength had to be spent for minimal results.


In fact, there were a lot of good methods. For instance, using fire to heat the rock surface then using water to cool it immediately would disintegrate the rocks easily.


But this dream realm blessed land did not have fire path dao marks which really troubled Meng Qiu Zhen.


What he was doing now was the same as using a knife to cut a tree.


Several days passed as he continued this laborious grinding, gravel filled the surrounding of the large island. These gravel were ground down by wind and water, they were tiny and smooth like mini cobblestones.


The work on the first large island was completed, Meng Qiu Zhen then worked on the second large island.


Rainwater had gathered into a sea around the islands.


In actuality, it could not be considered a sea, it was at most a large lake.


Meng Qiu Zhen did not bother to create waves normally, so the water surface was smooth as a mirror. Only when he needed to crush the firm rocks or step on water to as a traveling method would he take the initiative to raise the wind and waves.


This blessed land did not not have space path dao marks, it was not large and Meng Qiu Zhen could not teleport even as a land spirit.


Time passed by as the small islands were remodeled.After Meng Qiu Zhen finished remodeling all the large islands and even seven-eight small islands, he welcomed the fire path calamity.


Fire rain fell heavily.


Every drop of fire rain was the size of a wash basin, countless fire raindrops struck with a huge momentum


The fire rain fell on the islands, the rocky ground and gravel burned intensely. Some thin gravel even melted, turning into lava that slowly flowed towards the water.


Gradually, the rock islands with towering edges began to transform under the devastating fire rain. All the peripheral areas of the islands got submerged under water, the middle part was level with the lake surface, while the upper part was slightly higher, forming a beach made of gravel.


Most of the fire rain landed on the water, creating towering steam. The vapor rose and gradually formed thick clouds that covered the whole blessed land.


Meng Qiu Zhen was hiding under the ground where there were dense earth path dao marks as he had the ability to move underground as a land spirit.


He let the fire rain wreak havoc while occasionally keeping an eye on the rock islands.


The fire rain lasted for a long time before dissipating.


Meng Qiu Zhen returned above ground and sensed that the temperature had risen by several times while the air was moist and hot.


The whole blessed land was covered with thick clouds. As there was a large fire rain just now, the clouds looked like a burning blanket.


How could it not be hot?


Meng Qiu Zhen used wind to blow away these clouds which immediately cooled the atmosphere.


However, shortly after, steam condensed in the sky again, forming light clouds. It would probably form back into the thick cloud layer after some time.


Meng Qiu Zhen immediately realized that the fire path calamity brought a large number of fire path dao marks. He needed to restrain most of the fire path dao marks and could let them interfere with his arrangements.


“If there is a large number of light path dao marks, I can gather most of the fire path dao marks into an artificial sun.”


Meng Qiu Zhen felt some pity.


This dream realm blessed land had light path dao marks but they were so few that the blessed land had always been dimly lit.


The plan to create a sun was not possible but Meng Qiu Zhen had other methods.


Immediately, he activated create dream killer move, and after going through ten or so procedures, most of the fire path dao marks were gathered in the depths of the roots of the large islands.


Fire path dao marks were restrained by the even denser earth path dao marks, forming magma inside the large islands.


Outside of the islands, the temperature fell down rapidly because of the decrease in fire path dao marks. The light clouds that were floating in the sky would no longer accumulate by itself.


“There is no artificial sun so there won’t be hot weather, but with magma, there is geothermal energy which can be used similarly.”


As long as Meng Qiu Zhen used the strength path dao marks, he could trigger a reaction to turn the large islands into live volcanoes that shoot out qi currents before exploding with flowing lava and a large amount of ash.


Meng Qiu Zhen’s mind jolted as he had a sudden realization.


“My blessed land does not have qi path dao marks or sound path dao marks, but when the volcanoes erupt, they will shoot out qi currents and create loud explosions. Previously, the fire rain hit the lake and created steam clouds but there were no cloud path dao marks here.”


“This is probably the origin of the ability to mimic other paths!”


When a Gu cultivator cultivates a path to a certain level, they can imitate the power of other paths and reach a comprehensive balance.


For instance, the wood path killer move fleeting bloom imitated the power of time path.


Bai Xiang killer move belonged to ice and snow path but had transformation path power.


Stone throw inquiry killer move was an earth path move but had information path effect.


After comprehending this truth, a portion of the true meaning of this dream realm was absorbed by Meng Qiu Zhen. His heaven path attainment level increased slightly which synchronized with the main body and other clones.


Meng Qiu Zhen inspected himself and found that although he had become a land spirit, he could not completely control the dao marks of every path.


Land spirits controlled heavenly power but were only a portion of the immortal aperture’s accumulation.


For instance, Meng Qiu Zhen went to painstaking efforts to crush the rocks, it was in essence loosening a lump of earth path dao marks and separating them.


If Meng Qiu Zhen had full control over earth path dao marks, he could turn the firm rocks into sand with just a thought.


Land spirits controlled heavenly power but their usage of it was only at the superficial level. Moreover, he had to use wind, water, and other forces to crush the rocks.


So how could he deepen this control?


More specifically speaking, how could he turn the firm rocks into sand?


Meng Qiu Zhen immediately thought of turn sand Gu.


This Gu could turn earth and rocks into fine sand.


He then thought of many killer moves of different paths that could turn the rocks into sand.


In an instant, Meng Qiu Zhen’s perception of killer moves and Gu worms became different.


He could not put it in words or explain it.


These insights accumulated in his mind and were slightly inferior to the previous comprehension. Only a thorough comprehension would increase his heaven path attainment level.


Heaven path dream realms were different from the past dream realms.


To absorb the true meaning in the heaven path dream realms, one had to develop the dream realm blessed land while also comprehending the truth of the operations of heaven and earth.


This made it difficult.


When Fang Yuan explored human path dream realms[. The new theory of Feng Jin Huang, it can be of any path as long as it is a human dream.], he only needed to explore them to a certain degree to raise his attainment levels.


Exploration of heaven path dream realms only maintained a close connection between the person and the heaven path true meaning, this link needed to be comprehended to raise the attainment level.


“After all, there is a thin line separating the heaven path dream realm and the human.”


Just as Meng Qiu Zhen was thinking, the world turned upside down.


The whole blessed land shook intensely and turned upside down; the lake overturned and gushed backwards while the islands flew and crashed with each other.


“What… what’s going on?!” Meng Qiu Zhen’s expression changed. The suddenly disorder in the dream realm gave him a huge pressure.


Meng Qiu Zhen quickly activated Dream Armor to protect himself.


Fortunately, the dream realm’s shaking only lasted for a while before calming.


Meng Qiu Zhen’s expression was pale. It was very fortunate that he had dream armor Gu and he chose to explore a mid-size heaven path dream realm instead of being greedy.


If not for this, he would have died in this calamity.


“This is not a development of the heaven path dream realm but an interference from the outside world! It is probably a venerable who made the move.”


Meng Qiu Zhen thought as he looked at the ruins in front of him, smiling bitterly at the scene of the disorderly blessed land.


His hard work and effort were all wasted!


“If this attack occurs few times more, I won’t be able to continue exploring. The calamities and tribulations will become increasingly strong. Sigh, hopefully, my main body can protect me.”




