Chapter 2316: Giant Sun Immortal Venerables Explanation


Spectral heaven battlefield.


Boom!


Seven kills rainbow attacked, while starlight shone around Star Constellation Immortal Venerable as she dodged.


She was about to counterattack, when she saw Fang Yuan hiding beside Spectral Soul Demon Venerable. Since the battle started, this situation had already occurred about a hundred times.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was no longer as peeved as she was at first. She looked at Giant Sun Immortal Venerable being attacked by hundreds of Spectral Soul’s giant hands and activated a killer move, destroying tens of black hands rapidly.


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable used the chance to get past the encirclement of the giant hands. Being suddenly attacked, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable changed his target to Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


“Star Constellation, lure the attention of Spectral Soul while I go and capture Fang Yuan!” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable said quickly when he saw this. He then turned into golden light that moved rapidly past Spectral Soul Demon Venerable and towards Fang Yuan.


However, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable snorted coldly, she did not stay to stall Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, leaving a star avatar while her true body retreated.


The star avatar was instantly destroyed by Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, he then turned around and attacked Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was entrapped once again and quickly transmitted his voice to Star Constellation Immortal Venerable with some doubts: ”Star Constellation, what are you doing?”


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable directly gave Giant Sun Immortal Venerable the details of what happened in the star array calculation formation, she questioned: ”Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, how do you explain this?”




“This…” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable laughed awkwardly as he realized what happened, ”Have you heard of the luck path theory, that luck turns better after hitting rock-bottom and that fortune and misfortune coexist? This luck path killer move works like that. After it is activated, I lose all control over it. I have no idea how it will work and what effect it will show.”


“The star array calculation formation is not destroyed, this is only a small mishap. Good luck comes after bad luck, this mishap will create a huge fortune in the near future! We should be expectant.”


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable sneered: ”Using my mishap to exchange for your fortune? Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, is this what you are saying?”


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable choked on his words and could only say: ”I will compensate you for all the direct losses, but how about we discuss the specific amount after the fight?”


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable nodded at Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and continued to fight alongside him.


She chose to believe Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.


In her opinion, although Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s standpoint was different from Heavenly Court, he placed great importance on family and had clear morals, he cherished his descendants and was very protective of them.


There was a clear difference between him and Fang Yuan.


Fang Yuan had no limits and needed to be guarded against, his promises could not be trusted. But Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s words were believable to a degree.


Especially when this compensation was not the important thing.




Naturally, the important thing was that in this situation, a single venerable would not be able to deal with Fang Yuan.


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable could not stand by and watch Fang Yuan absorb all the heaven path dream realms.


At the star array calculation formation.


Qi Sea Ancestor stirred up countless qi currents that were hard to block. Zhan Bu Du charged forward like a dragon and no one was able to stop him. Wu Shuai controlled countless ants to infiltrate and tear the whole star array calculation formation apart.


Inside Embroidered Tower, Star Constellation’s will did everything to repair Star Constellation Chessboard, while controlling Embroidered Tower to help the star array calculation formation.


The star array calculation formation had very low offensive and defensive capabilities, if not for this, Giant Sun and Fang Yuan would not have stayed still as Star Constellation Immortal Venerable constructed such a formation.


Despite the help of Embroidered Tower and having the Gu Immortals inside the formation space do their best to control and repair it, the star array calculation formation was still crumbling under the fierce attacks of Fang Yuan’s three clones.


Finally, several formation cores were exposed.


“These formation cores have Immortal Gu. They are quite mysterious, my ants cannot infiltrate them.” Wu Shuai transmitted his voice.


Qi Sea Ancestor and Zhan Bu Du each made an attempt but failed as well.


These formation cores were covered in starlight and it was hard to tell if they were real or fake. The attacks of Fang Yuan’s clones had no effect and only shook the starlight intensely.


“This probably is a phantom path method. I can’t do anything.” Zhan Bu Du shrugged.


He mainly relied on incomplete freedom transformation, so he was strong in charging and breaking enemy formations, but was not good at other aspects.


Qi Sea Ancestor frowned. At this difficult time, he glanced at the amber jade sphere.


After this amber jade sphere damaged Star Constellation Chessboard, its aura and radiance had dimmed by a lot, its size shrank by sixty percent, leaving only twenty percent of its initial size.


“How about we make use of this yellow egg killer move from Giant Sun Immortal Venerable?” Qi Sea Ancestor had already obtained the information from the main body.


He communicated with the other two clones and arranged a battle tactic.


Zhan Bu Du and Wu Shuai lured the attention of Star Constellation’s will, while Qi Sea Ancestor used his qi path giant hand to grab the amber jade sphere and throw it towards the nearest formation core.


Black Heaven Temple’s Gu Immortal Zhang Ji was in charge of this formation core. He saw the amber jade sphere approaching the formation core and quickly called for help.


Star Constellation’s will noticed this and immediately made a move. Embroidered Tower shot out countless dao marks at the amber jade sphere, deviating its path away from the formation core, causing it to stop nearby.


The Gu worms near the formation core were affected by the amber jade sphere and turned chaotic.


Zhang Ji was just about to suppress this emerging problem when Fang Yuan’s three clones started attacking wantonly.


Embroidered Tower tried to defend with all its strength but the turbulence still affected other Gu worms. Originally, whether these mortal Gu died or destabilized would not have been an issue.


As long as the Immortal Gu in the formation core was safe, it was okay to just replace the mortal Gu that were lost.


But the actual situation was different.


The destabilization and destruction of the surrounding mortal Gu formed minor variables that accumulated rapidly, until they threatened the Immortal Gu in the formation core.


Zhang Ji’s effort to stabilize the situation instead assisted in this.


Then, under his incredulous gaze, the Immortal Gu in the formation core shattered directly.


The Immortal Gu in the formation cores of the star array calculation formation were originally intact, covering up for each other and closely connected. Now that one formation core suddenly crumbled apart, it immediately revealed a huge flaw in the entire formation.


Fang Yuan’s three clones attacked fiercely, Star Constellation’s will could not consider anything else and had to concentrate fully on protecting the star array calculation formation.


“Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, how do you explain this now?!” In spectral heaven, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable questioned again.


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable sighed: ”I will compensate you!”


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable snorted coldly: ”Is this just an issue of compensation?”


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable sighed again: ”Please calm down, the most important thing now is to stop Fang Yuan. Do I look like someone who can’t understand the situation? Once this move is activated, it really is out of my control. We can only watch as it plays out.”


“Your move helped Fang Yuan’s clones and is already expended, it has disappeared completely. How can it trouble Fang Yuan’s clones now?”


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable laughed heartily: ”It only disappeared on the surface, the real variables are invisible, and have already started to affect and change the world and all living beings.”


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s mind shook slightly, she was deducing and deepening her understanding of the killer move nothing is certain except success.


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had shocking talent, this move went beyond common sense and was not in the category of any offensive killer move in history, it was new and unique.


“Then I shall wait and see.” With the enemy in front, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable could only compromise.


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable let out a sigh of relief in actuality.


He finally could relax now that the amber jade sphere had disappeared: ”Even if Heavenly Court suffers losses from this move in the future, there won’t be any evidence.”


“This move triggers variables in a way that is most beneficial to me. Looks like Heavenly Court is my main enemy currently which is why this move did not affect Fang Yuan, instead helping him to deal with Heavenly Court!”


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable tried to figure out the situation.


In the space inside the star array calculation formation, Gu Immortal Zhang Ji coughed out a mouthful of blood, his face was extremely pale.


He used all his strength to protect the formation core but still failed in the end.


Fang Yuan’s three clones had already latched onto the weakness and began to increase their battle achievements.


Originally, the star array calculation formation was perfect, thanks to phantom path, Fang Yuan’s three clones were not able to attack it easily. But now that they had made a crucial breakthrough, there was a hole in the perfect structure and they started to attack using it.


A Gu Immortal in charge of healing arrived in front of Zhang Ji and began to treat him.


Zhang Ji was downcast as he berated himself while coughing blood: ”I am unworthy of Heavenly Court’s support and Lady Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s trust, I lost the formation core!”


The healer Gu Immortal consoled him: ”This was all due to Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s killer move, it is not your fault.”


Zhang Ji had an incredulous expression: ”This luck path killer move is truly insidious, it connected all the variables and expanded them until even the formation core Immortal Gu was harmed.”


It was like a scale where if one end was weighed down, the other end would rise. The formation cores’ Immortal Gu and the surrounding mortal Gu were like an integral whole made from countless carrying poles.


But instead of raising one end when the other was pushed down, another weight was added to suppress the rising end, these two variables canceled each other.


Nothing is certain except success acted the opposite way, it united the power of all the variables, thus destroying the formation core’s Immortal Gu.


After healing for a while, Zhang Ji’s situation was finally stable.


Over this period, another three formation cores of the star array calculation formation were destroyed by Fang Yuan’s clones.


“This is all my fault!” Zhang Ji blamed himself even more, he felt that the situation was crumbling apart.


But at this time, another Gu Immortal arrived beside him.


This was a formation path grandmaster: ”The situation is urgent, I came to repair the formation and will need your assistance.”


Zhang Ji quickly cupped his fists in greeting, expressing he would stake everything to help.


Although the formation core’s Immortal Gu was destroyed, this formation path grandmaster could use immortal materials, to set up a formation that could temporarily replace the position of the destroyed formation core’s Immortal Gu.


It was not easy to construct the star array calculation formation, Star Constellation’s will was not willing to see it be destroyed. Central Continent’s ten great sects’ Gu Immortals had tasted the benefits of this formation and were also not willing to see its destruction.




