Chapter 2330: Almost Suffering Amnesia From The Explosion


With a soft grunt, Zhao Lian Yun woke up in an area of ruins and rubble.


All she saw were qi currents in front of her, the entire place was covered in white, in all directions.


Her ears were buzzing, she felt dizzy and lightheaded.


“What… what happened to me?”


Zhao Lian Yun breathed roughly as she inspected her body.


She was originally wearing a white dress, she had light skin and white teeth, as refreshing as lilies in the morning. But now, her face was blackened like soot, her white dress was torn and tattered. She was like a refugee living in a famine, having a wretched appearance.


After checking, she found that her body was intact but she had no strength at all, her limbs felt weak and powerless.


“What happened? Why am I like this?”


Primordial Origin’s explosion occurred too suddenly and abruptly, Zhao Lian Yun suffered a huge impact and almost experienced amnesia!


But soon, her dizziness faded away and Zhao Lian Yun slowly regained her memories.


An unprecedented and terrifying explosion had occurred!!!!




Her pupils contracted, this scene was etched in her mind and would not be forgotten in her entire life.


It was too terrifying!


A moment ago, the many Gu Immortals around her were watching the mountain-like qi harvest fruit with immense anticipation for Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable’s revival.


But at the next moment, Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable exploded!


Among all of the Gu Immortals, Zhao Lian Yun was standing near the periphery, but she was still affected by the explosion.


This explosion was too intense, the whole of Heavenly Court was in ruins, Zhao Lian Yun naturally could not escape.


“Why did it explode all of a sudden?!” As her memories cleared up, Zhao Lian Yun’s breathing became rougher.


“I can’t believe it, I am practically unharmed. Did love Gu protect me?”


“Wait… I need to save the rest!”


Zhao Lian Yun’s heart jumped, she realized what she should be doing.




She might have had love Gu’s protection, but others did not have a rank nine Immortal Gu like her.


Zhao Lian Yun quickly set off as she went into the vast field of qi currents, searching for other surviving Gu Immortals.


Before the explosion occurred, the Gu Immortals of the ten great ancient sects were all at the periphery, they were far apart and watched the qi harvest fruit in small groups. The people who were closer to the center were the members of Heavenly Court.


White qi rumbled like a vast fog, Zhao Lian Yun tried many investigative methods but none worked.


These white qi were remnants of the qi harvest fruit, the aftermath of the explosion! With the area being filled with qi path dao marks, it was not strange that a mere rank six Gu Immortal like Zhao Lian Yun was unable to use investigative methods, unless she could use love Gu now.


But love Gu was not just a rank nine Immortal Gu, it was very special. Even a venerable could not refine it forcefully, even though it was wisdom path, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had not been able to use it. Thus, it continued to live in Zhao Lian Yun’s body.


Zhao Lian Yun did not refine love Gu but received its acknowledgement instead. Thus, she could not activate it freely, sometimes, she wanted it to attack but it would escape with her. If she wanted it to defend, it might heal instead.


Furthermore, each time love Gu was used, it would take something away from Zhao Lian Yun, sometimes, it would even take lifespan!


Zhao Lian Yun flew into the white qi and looked around for people using her memories of the location.


After a while, she gasped as she found Bu Zhen Zi.


When the explosion occurred, he was standing beside her, they were talking.


But after the explosion, they were sent flying and left their original spot.


But he was still the first person she found.


Bu Zhen Zi’s injuries were terrifying.


Half his body was blown away, only his fragile skeleton was left protecting his heart. He only had two internal organs left, the rest were blown to smithereens.


The remaining half of Bu Zhen Zi’s body had turned into a phantom state, his limbs, chest, and internal organs were linked by a translucent thread, he seemed to be in a stable condition.


Zhao Lian Yun wanted to save him but found that she was helpless to do anything.


The injuries were just too severe!


The missing half of his body was not important, forget about Heavenly Court, even Spirit Affinity House had many ways to regrow his bones, organs, and flesh.


But the issue was the large number of qi path dao marks that were carved on his body.


The remaining half of his body emitted dense white smoke made of white qi, his remaining organs and bones were also slowly turning into qi.


What kept him alive was the phantom state that half of his body was currently in.


“When the explosion occurred, Bu Zhen Zi used a phantom path method, but even with this semi-invulnerable state, he could not avoid the injuries caused by this explosion.”


Zhao Lian Yun deduced the situation that happened and sighed deeply, worry and frustration could be seen on her face.


Bu Zhen Zi was kept alive by his half phantom body, but this would not last long. The qi path dao marks were going to affect it soon, slowly turning everything into qi.


“Bu Zhen Zi can’t last much longer…” Zhao Lian Yun was helpless, she felt increasingly anxious.


She tried to wake him up but Bu Zhen Zi remained unconscious.


Zhao Lian Yun did not even dare to move Bu Zhen Zi, she was afraid that he would die from the smallest impact.


She had to temporarily abandon him and remember this spot, before going back into the white qi fog to look for others.


“Is anyone here? Please help!”


Zhao Lian Yun moved around in the vast white qi fog.


She called out continuously, the feeling of loneliness and helplessness soon assaulted her in this situation.


She was still in disbelief.


When she came earlier, she looked at the layers of buildings and saw how grand and majestic Heavenly Court was, she felt surprise and admiration from the depths of her heart. Heavenly Court’s immense foundation was accumulated through countless years of history, she felt tiny and insignificant, while also having a sense of security in this place.


When she witnessed the gradual revival of Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable, she felt that Heavenly Court was regaining its former glory!


But then, Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable exploded.


It was too sudden and too abrupt!


“What happened? Did Fang Yuan or the other venerables attack?”


“What are Heavenly Court’s losses?”


“Can anyone come to help me? At least respond with a word!”


Zhao Lian Yun suddenly stopped moving, there was an intense suction force coming from in front of her, the surrounding white qi currents were sucked in.


Zhao Lian Yun barely stabilized her footing as she slowly got close.


The suction force was becoming gradually weaker.


After Zhao Lian Yun reached the source, her pupils contracted as she saw an immortal aperture’s entrance!


The entrance was open and drawing in white qi from outside, after stabilizing, a blessed land was formed.


Zhao Lian Yun stood before the immortal aperture’s entrance in a daze, motionless.


She saw the scenery inside the entrance, there were rivers and flower trees. Under the waves of qi currents, petals fell from the trees and fell into the rivers, flowing downstream where the carps waited to eat the petals as food.


This was the scene of Fairy Liu Fang’s immortal aperture, it was extremely beautiful and valuable, it was quite famous in Spirit Affinity House.


Fairy Liu Fang was in charge of the secret inheritance peak, she was a neutral faction supreme elder in Spirit Affinity House.


Zhao Lian Yun remembered that the first time she went to secret inheritance peak, Fairy Liu Fang did not attend to her personally which was the rule as she was the current generation fairy.


Afterwards, their relationship had always been plain.


However, no matter how distant they were, seeing this immortal aperture entrance, Zhao Lian Yun’s eyes turned red, she felt an intense feeling of sorrow in her heart.


She was dead.


Fairy Liu Fang died during the explosion.


Although she had rank seven cultivation level, she did not have the defensive power of phantom path, she did not have love Gu either.


Not a single trace of her remained, her immortal aperture landed in Heavenly Court. Because Heavenly Court was filled with heaven’s will and had no heavenly spirit, Liu Fang blessed land was formed by taking in heaven and earth qi from outside to stabilize itself.


Zhao Lian Yun barely managed to control her emotions, she continued to look around for help.


Along the way, she saw many immortal aperture entrances which were currently taking in heaven and earth qi.


There were too many deaths!


“Not mentioning the Heavenly Court members, Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects sent more than ten Gu Immortals each. Not counting the captives in the star array calculation formation, there are over a hundred Gu Immortals from the ten sects in Heavenly Court now.”


“This explosion killed eighty percent of the Gu Immortals!”


Zhao Lian Yun calculated, she felt her heart turning cold.


The ten great ancient sects of Central Continent had many Gu Immortals, before the five regions became one, Immortal Crane Sect alone had twelve Gu Immortals, and this was one of the weakest sects among the ten.


After the five regions became one, the earth veins moved while qi tides appeared, producing countless immortal materials. This caused many Gu Immortals within the sects to become stronger, the Gu Immortal seeds also had deeper foundations.


During the wave of immortal ascension, many Gu Immortal seeds in the ten great ancient sects succeeded in becoming Gu Immortals. Aside from them, there were also other Gu Immortals recruited from outside.


For example, supreme elder Wu Zhang from Heavenly Lotus Sect recruited the Wood Virtue Elder Mu Huai from the Five Virtues Sect. After the latter became an immortal, because he was a higher-up of the Five Virtues Sect that Wu Zhang created, he was qualified to enter Heavenly Lotus Sect.


This was the advantage of Central Continent’s sect system.


Earlier, to ensure Primordial Origin’s revival, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable gave up everything else in the process. To prevent Fang Yuan’s retaliation, she brought all the elites of Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects into Heavenly Court.


But to think that Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable would explode upon revival, like this, many of Central Continent’s Gu Immortals died, the pillars of Central Continent’s righteous path collapsed.


Such a terrifying loss made Zhao Lian Yun’s arms and legs turn weak.


“Doomed, Central Continent is doomed.”


“Maybe Heavenly Court can still revive them?” Zhao Lian Yun was hopeful.


But she was not stupid, the more she thought about it, the more she sensed that there was a huge scheme behind this explosion!


Central Continent was plotted against.


Heavenly Court fell into a trap!


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable also fell for a scheme!


Although Zhao Lian Yun had rank nine love Gu, she was only rank six, what could she do?


She could only get help, she shouted loudly.


Zhao Lian Yun started walking slower and slower.


At this moment, she felt that she was so weak!


“Don’t be dejected, current generation fairy of Spirit Affinity House, Heavenly Court is still around, we are also still alive.” Right at this moment, there was a lantern that brightened inside the vast white qi.


The lantern was not bright but it was stubborn, it forced its way out of the white qi and arrived before Zhao Lian Yun.


It was an elderly Gu Immortal, his body was bloodstained from head to toe.


One of his arms was gone from the explosion, his remaining arm was carrying a small fire in his palm.


Zhao Lian Yun recognized him, it was Immortal Crane Sect’s Old Lord Can Yang.




