Chapter 2333: Three Venerables Attack Heavenly Court!


“One step more, just one small step!” Duke Mei shouted in his heart.


He was surrounded by surging white qi, the qi path dao marks were so dense that the Heavenly Court expert Duke Mei could barely move a single step!


He had to use all his effort to move forward by a small step.


The immortal essence expenditure was huge, Duke Mei not only had to resist the pressure of the white qi, he also had to block the corrosion of the qi path dao marks.


“Senior Duke Mei, I’ll take over!” A Heavenly Court Gu Immortal shouted from behind.


Duke Mei gritted his teeth but he still made a small advancement of a tiny step before stopping and fixing his position desperately.


The Heavenly Court Gu Immortal behind quickly used a killer move to get around Duke Mei and become the new vanguard of the group.


By the time this group reached the original location of the qi harvest fruit, they found Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


Her clothes were messy and her hair was disheveled, there was blood flowing out of her lips and eyes, she seemed to be in a daze?


Duke Mei and the rest were shocked, they had never seen such an expression on Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s face.


“Lady Star Constellation Immortal Venerable!” Duke Mei shouted and used an immortal method to transmit to Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.




Star Constellation Immortal Venerable shook as she showed a reaction.


At the next moment, starlight burst out and suppressed the surrounding white qi with ease.


Duke Mei and the rest immediately felt the pressure lifting off their bodies, it was as if a mountain had been lifted away from their backs.


Starlight continued to sweep through the white qi, after a few breaths of time, the white qi rampaging in Heavenly Court were all suppressed by the starlight!


“This is the might of a venerable!” Duke Mei and the rest saw this as they felt internally shaken.


“When the explosion occurred, I remember seeing a rapidly rising star veil that protected us. Star Constellation Immortal Venerable must have taken action to block most of the force of this explosion.” Several immortals recalled.


Next, they stared with wide eyes as they saw the human shaped qi harvest fruit core.


Although the qi harvest fruit exploded, the core was still around!


However, despite the qi harvest fruit core having a human shape, it was no longer as lively as before, it was blurry and unstable, with qi path dao marks leaking out at all times.


The white qi that covered Heavenly Court were produced by the leaking qi path dao marks of the qi harvest fruit core.




Right now, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable displayed the power of a venerable and forcefully pushed these qi path dao marks back into the qi harvest fruit.


Because of this, the qi harvest fruit core stabilized, its appearance became clearer again.


“We still have a chance!”


“Yes, we can still revive Lord Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable!!”


After noticing this, Duke Mei and the rest were excited.


In just a short period, starlight gathered and turned into a soft stardust cloth, it wrapped around the human shaped qi harvest fruit core like a bandage.


After a few breaths of time, there was over a hundred layers of bandage, the core could no longer be seen.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable let out a breath of air as she stopped the killer move.


Drip drop.


At this time, blood flowed out of her nose.


The bleeding did not stop, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s face turned increasingly pale.


When the qi harvest fruit exploded, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable activated several killer moves.


The advantage of wisdom path was an abundance of thoughts to allow the user to use more complex killer moves.


Just by looking at this, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was truly the number one person in wisdom path, her status could not be threatened by anyone.


On one hand, she protected herself and the other Gu Immortals to ensure their safety, on the other hand, she directly suppressed the qi harvest fruit core.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had blocked most of the force of the explosion, otherwise, Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals would have all perished.


And most importantly, she retained some hope.


Without her, the qi harvest fruit core would have exploded, Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable’s revival would have failed completely.


Immortal killer move — Luck Slicing Golden Blade!


Qin Ding Ling chased after Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, she shot out a small golden blade.


The golden blade was only the size of a thumb, it flew into the air and grew larger as it moved, quickly reaching the size of a horse carriage.


Swish swish swish.


The golden blade swung down, in an attempt to slice off Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s luck.


Spectral Soul Demon Venerable ignored the attack, he only focused on entering Heavenly Court.


The horse carriage-sized golden blade danced above his head, it was simply like an ant compared to Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s colossal black mountain-like body.


Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s massive luck was reduced by the luck slicing golden blade.


Of course, the effect was insignificant compared to the sheer size of his luck!


Qin Ding Ling felt a sense of helplessness.


Che Wei, Red Heart Traveler, and Gu Yue Fang Zheng all had the same feeling.


Despite Demon Judgment Board shooting out beams of blood-red light continuously, it only managed to fracture a few of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s arms, in just a few breaths of time, they recovered completely.


The difference between rank nine and eight was too massive, even with the full strength of Qin Ding Ling and the others, they could not affect Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.


After the huge massacre, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable had already recovered by a large extent.


During normal times, if Qin Ding Ling and the rest provoked Spectral Soul Demon Venerable like this, he would definitely attack them. But now, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s only goal was Heavenly Court!


Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was filled with heaven’s will, he had once devoured black heaven’s heavenly spirit, so after the two heavens fused, he became the ruler of spectral heaven.


Before that, he had destroyed the heavenly chasm, heavenly pillars, and the various white heaven grotto-heavens (like Flickering Light grotto-heaven), he even went as far as to destroy the sun, it was all to unify the two heavens.


Heavenly Court was a grotto-heaven situated in immemorial white heaven, it had also annexed countless nine heavens fragments in the past, it was the greatest tumor in the immemorial nine heavens in the first place.


The existence of Heavenly Court itself was the greatest provocation to Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, he would not allow its existence!


Rumble…


With a loud rumble, the mountain-like Spectral Soul Demon Venerable created a huge gap and broke into Heavenly Court by force.


The whole of Heavenly Court was shaking!


The Central Continent Gu Immortals who were still in Heavenly Court looked up and saw Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s colossal body, they all gasped in shock.


Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was flying above them now, he cast a huge shadow on everyone.


Thousands or even tens of thousands of arms formed a terrifying forest of limbs, they were raised up or lowered, some were tucked in while others were straight, it showed the stance of grasping the sun and moon, it had the potential to catch stars and whip up storms.


Qin Ding Ling and the rest chased him from behind like tiny mosquitoes. Even the rank eight Immortal Gu House Demon Judgment Board was merely a mouse in front of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.


Roar—!


One of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s three heads started to roar.


Immortal killer move — Soul Howl!


He used a soul path killer move, boundless sound waves started to spread.


Wherever the sound waves reached, a tornado blew the tiles of Heavenly Court away. Zhao Lian Yun and others felt like a disaster was approaching, many of them quickly took out their Immortal Gu Houses.


At once, there was a display of Immortal Gu Houses.


Scattered Stars Camp, Thin Willow Camp, Wind Sweeping Building, Cloud Passing Building, Sun and Moon Temple, Spirit Affinity House, Myriad Dragon Dock, Heaven’s Envy Manor, Ancient Soul Sect, Heavenly Pool, Illusion Garden, Canary Pavilion, Yue Yang Palace, Immortal Crane Sect…


Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects all had their own Immortal Gu Houses to defend them, their respective names were derived from their strongest Immortal Gu Houses[1. Sect in these names also is read as gate which refers to the Gu Houses being buildings with large gates.].


Among them, Heavenly Lotus Sect was the most unique one, because it was created by Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable, it had a total of five Immortal Gu Houses, the highest among the ten ancient sects.


When the Immortal Gu Houses were not in use normally, the respective sects’ first supreme elders would keep them inside their immortal apertures. If the first supreme elders were unavailable, other authoritative experts would undertake the responsibility.


These people had all basically survived.


Immortal Gu Houses of all shapes and sizes shook intensely from the huge impact of the soul howl sound waves, they were like ships in a storm, about to capsize at any moment.


Within some of the Immortal Gu Houses, low growling noises could be heard from the Gu Immortals. These Immortal Gu Houses had weak defenses against soul path.


Boom boom boom.


With a series of explosions, several Gu Immortals’ souls exploded from the force of the sound waves, dying on the spot.


These Central Continent Gu Immortals were not in their peak condition, they were all injured. Some of the ones with severe injuries survived the earlier explosion but could not endure the soul howl, they lost their lives.


Qin Ding Ling and the rest were wavering in the air, being on the brink of life and death.


They had suffered huge injuries to begin with, they had even taken a risk earlier to quickly destroy Fang Yuan’s totem killer moves, it was already a miracle that they were still alive now!


At the moment of crisis, starlight shone brightly like the boundless sea, pressing towards Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.


The soul howl stopped at once, it was like someone was strangling Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.


“Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, don’t be too brazen.” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had a cold expression as she flew towards Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.


Spectral Soul Demon Venerable opened his mouth as black smoke gathered, he spat out a grand soul river.


There were countless vengeful souls in the soul river, they flowed towards Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


At the same time, his countless arms grabbed towards her, many monstrous claws gathered to firm sharp spear tips that pierced the air, the attack was fast and brutal, shocking deities and devils!


The starlight only suppressed Spectral Soul Demon Venerable for a few breaths of time before breaking apart.


But Star Constellation Immortal Venerable did not dodge, she snorted coldly as star fog appeared, permeating the black smoke that quickly dissipated, while the fog continued to break apart the soul river.


Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s claws extended into the star fog but failed to catch anything.


Even though he grabbed Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, the latter shattered like a star illusion.


Spectral Soul Demon Venerable did not give up, he continued to rampage in the star fog and growled continuously, echoing in the whole of Heavenly Court.


Qin Ding Ling and the rest quickly landed on the ground, they hid themselves in the Immortal Gu Houses and used their time to heal.


Zhao Lian Yun and the other Central Continent Gu Immortals watched with palpitating hearts.


The battle of two venerables was too ferocious. The aftermath of any single move could topple Immortal Gu Houses and cause many Gu Immortals inside to die.


Thankfully, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had been suppressing Spectral Soul Demon Venerable during the entire fight, she held firm control over the situation.


“This is the might of a Dao Lord!”


“Heavenly Court is still around, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable has a huge amplification when she fights in here, thus, she can easily suppress Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.”


“Of course, the crucial factor is that Spectral Soul Demon Venerable has lost his sanity.”


“Unless the rank nine fire Gu in his body activates, he will not break out of this predicament.”


Fang Yuan watched from afar and contacted Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.


“Giant Sun, what are you hesitating for?”


“Primordial Origin’s revival had a hitch, but hope remains. Right now, we must join hands and work with Spectral Soul Demon Venerable to destroy Heavenly Court, it is our best chance!”


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable hesitated: ”We should observe further.”


Fang Yuan snorted coldly: ”If you still want to stall for time, you must have allied with Star Constellation Immortal Venerable secretly. In that case, I won’t be able to stop Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable’s revival. I will fight my way into Northern Plains and slaughter all the Huang Jin tribes.”


“You dare?!”


“Why won’t I? You have Longevity Heaven while Star Constellation has Heavenly Court. If you want to drive me to desperation, will I just give up and die? I will not let either of you off!” Fang Yuan gritted his teeth, showing a look of insanity and desperation.


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable snorted coldly: ”Fine, I’ll ally with you, we must destroy the qi harvest fruit core!”


Fang Yuan let out a breath of air, praising: ”This is a wise choice, please act quickly, I’ll wait for you to enter the battlefield.”


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable gritted his teeth and set off from Northern Plains.


Fang Yuan was calm and composed, he slowly rose into spectral heaven from Central Continent.


“Oh no, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Heaven Refining Demon Venerable are approaching Heavenly Court!” Within Heaven Overseeing Tower, a Gu Immortal spoke with a trembling voice, transmitting the information.


At once, Qin Ding Ling, Gu Yue Fang Zheng, Che Wei, Zhao Lian Yun, Old Lord Can Yang, and the rest had changes in their expressions.


Although they had expected this, when it truly happened, they could not help but be flustered and feel fear.


“Three venerables are attacking Heavenly Court at once! Can we… stop them?” The immortals had such a question in their mind.




