Chapter 2334: Fang Yuan and Giant Sun Fight Star Constellation


Intense wind blew as Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s hair fluttered behind her.


She frowned slightly as the image of Heavenly Court was reflected in her dark pupils.


In her memory, Heavenly Court had never been in such a distressed state.


The star fog got denser as Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, who was trapped inside, growled and roared, he was increasingly furious and insane, but he could not escape from the star fog.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was bullying Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s lack of sanity, if he was conscious, he would not do such a thing.


She was currently inside Heavenly Court, with the amplification of the wisdom path dao marks, she was completely above Spectral Soul Demon Venerable in power.


If Spectral Soul Demon Venerable fought without any intention to retreat, it was likely for Star Constellation Immortal Venerable to use the territorial advantage to kill him!


But Star Constellation Immortal Venerable showed no joy on her face.


Ever since the qi explosion, she knew that Heavenly Court’s greatest danger was not the insane Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, but Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Heaven Refining Demon Venerable.


Between the two, Heaven Refining Demon Venerable was the most threatening.


Although Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had no evidence regarding the explosion of the qi harvest fruit, she was clear that Fang Yuan was the most suspicious one.




He would not let this chance slip by.


Neither would Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.


If Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable revived, the balance of the three venerables would be overturned, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable would not want this to happen. Earlier, he withdrew because there was no hope.


But now, the situation changed after the explosion, Heavenly Court was covered in holes, it was basically defenseless.


The only concern that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had was Star Constellation Immortal Venerable herself.


But in order to protect the qi harvest fruit core, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable endured most of the force of the explosion, she was currently injured.


Furthermore, she could not defeat Spectral Soul Demon Venerable in a short period of time, this gave Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Heaven Refining Demon Venerable sufficient time to probe her current condition.


As expected, once Star Constellation Immortal Venerable used her star fog to trap Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Heaven Refining Demon Venerable arrived.


In the battle regarding the dream realms in spectral heaven earlier, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had allied with Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, but now, she was all alone against the assault three venerables.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable floated in the sky quietly, she watched as Fang Yuan and Giant Sun arrived.




Her gaze swept past Giant Sun and fixed on Fang Yuan, she said: ”Heaven Refining Demon Venerable, you are worthily a refinement path venerable, you tampered with the qi harvest fruit to cause the explosion. But I have one question, how are you so clear of my master’s revival arrangements in Heavenly Court?”


Fang Yuan was first stunned before laughing: ”Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, you are overestimating me. Remember, the current world is no longer like ancient times, the five regions have become one while the two heavens became spectral heaven. Isn’t it normal for revival methods made three million years ago by Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable to fail?”


“You can think whatever you want, that is none of my concern, but I won’t give you any time to stall further, take this!”


Fang Yuan knew that he was the culprit but he had to make Giant Sun Immortal Venerable stand on his side, so he was not going to let Star Constellation Immortal Venerable talk anymore.


Once he stepped into Heavenly Court, Fang Yuan unleashed a powerful offensive method.


Immortal killer move — Shocking Departure of Year Dream Wave and Dang Hun Sound!


Meng Qiu Zhen was already placed into the sovereign immortal aperture, now that he regained dream armor Immortal Gu, this move could be used once again.


At the next moment, waves of pink fog emerged from Fang Yuan’s mouth and ears, gathering above Fang Yuan’s head and turning into a small image of Dang Hun Mountain.


The small Dang Hun Mountain shook intensely.


Ding——！


Ding——！


Ding——！


Sounds of clear crystals colliding resounded in the battlefield, and soon, waves of pink sound waves spread throughout the area.


Spectral Soul Demon Venerable who was trapped in the star fog also suffered the attack of the pink sound waves.


However, the star fog managed to stabilize after weakening by thirty percent. It rumbled intensely, seemingly adapting and enduring the assault of the powerful pink sound waves.


Seeing this, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable helped out from the side.


Immortal killer move — Soft Gold Crashing Pillar!


Golden light flowed and turned into tens of crashing pillars that slammed into the star fog.


The strong impact of the soft gold crashing pillars made the luck of the star fog shake intensely.


Everything in heaven and earth contained luck, even grass and rocks were no exception.


This was the profundity of heaven and earth luck.


The luck of the star fog was attacked, it influenced the star fog itself, this penetrative force started to disrupt the operations of the star fog.


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had once used this move on Fang Yuan, at that time, it was not completed yet but it still gave Fang Yuan significant trouble. Now, the move was already in a completed state.


However, under Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s control, although the star fog shook for a while, it still survived the waves of attacks.


This scene made Fang Yuan’s and Giant Sun’s hearts sink.


In any other location, these two moves would have succeeded. But in Heavenly Court, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had the amplification of Heavenly Court’s vast number of wisdom path dao marks, her strength rose to a terrifying level.


The star fog was not her strongest killer move, but using it, she resisted Fang Yuan’s compound killer move and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s new method.


“With me here, Heavenly Court will not lose.” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable said plainly, but her tone was filled with confidence and resolve.


“Star Constellation Immortal Venerable suppressed the two Demon Venerables, Giant Sun and Fang Yuan, on her own!”


“That’s right, all of Heavenly Court’s wisdom path dao marks have been refined by Lady Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.”


“Hmph, no matter how much damage Heavenly Court has taken, these demonic path scoundrels cannot take us down.”


“After Lady Star Constellation Immortal Venerable died, she left behind three measures to block the attack of three Demon Venerables for Heavenly Court. Now that she is alive and is personally stopping them, she can definitely defend Heavenly Court, these Demon Venerables will not succeed.”


The Gu Immortals of the ten great ancient sects were excited, the Heavenly Court members also showed expressions of joy.


Everyone knew about the details of the battle over spectral heaven’s dream realms.


The immortals saw that Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s strength had risen, they were joyous and felt more confident now.


But at the next moment, the immortals heard Fang Yuan’s cold voice: ”Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, Heavenly Court is your strongest territory, but it is also your weakness! Take this!”


Immortal killer move — Arrival of Dragon Snake with Dust Fog and Explosive Soul Wind!


Soul fog spread out as dragons and snakes roared.


At the same time, the small Dang Hun Mountain above Fang Yuan’s head shot out countless pink sound waves again.


Fang Yuan used two moves at once, but he did not target Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, instead, he aimed at the qi harvest fruit core.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s expression changed, she quickly used methods to block them.


Fang Yuan’s two moves worked together but were stopped by her midway, however, he laughed, he held the initiative now.


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable moved like lightning, he quickly went to one side and aimed at the qi harvest fruit core as he attacked.


After the earlier test, they realized that Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was too powerful here, Giant Sun and Fang Yuan could not defeat her even if they worked together.


But it did not matter.


Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was most worried about Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable’s revival.


As long as he destroyed the qi harvest fruit core and successfully retreated, his goal would be achieved, he would win this fight.


Star Constellation Immortal Venerable fell into a passive spot indeed.


She had to concentrate on defending the qi harvest fruit core, although she was strongest while in Heavenly Court, she could only defend now.


After seeing this, the Central Continent Gu Immortals gritted their teeth and scolded continuously.


“They are so shameless!”


“To think that the grand Giant Sun would act like this.”


“Sigh, I really want to help Lady Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, but I am just too weak.”


The battle of venerables caused huge aftermath effects, the various Immortal Gu Houses retreated time and again.


Gu Yue Fang Zheng was situated in Demon Judgment Board, he frowned deeply as he locked his gaze on Fang Yuan.


Zhao Lian Yun was doing the same.


The Ma Hong Yun that she loved had died in Fang Yuan’s arms. Fang Yuan was currently in possession of Ma Hong Yun’s soul, so even with fate Gu destroyed, Zhao Lian Yun could not revive him.


She had to get back Ma Hong Yun from Fang Yuan.


“Maybe, I can use the power of love Gu to steal his soul from Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture. After all, love Gu is a rank nine Immortal Gu, it has countless effects and is capable of doing almost anything!”


Zhao Lian Yun thought of this and felt increasingly moved.


“Now is not the time. I need to wait patiently until Fang Yuan is at his weakest, when he cannot afford to distract himself, I will make a move!”


Qin Ding Ling was waiting to strike.


She had the killer move luck gamble, it was created to counter Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.


She could not do anything against Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, but she could deal with Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.


She was waiting for a chance.


“Fang Yuan, what other methods do you still have? Hurry up and use them.” After attacking for a long time with no results, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable started to get anxious, he shouted towards Fang Yuan.


Fang Yuan looked down at the Heavenly Court below him.


He saw many Immortal Gu Houses and also huge areas of ruins.


He laughed ruthlessly as he said: ”Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, I am going to kill all of Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals now. Come stop me if you can!”








