Chapter 24: Close Combat Gu Master


Three days later.


“Lowering your body to dodge, that is the usual technique against a flying fist. When your enemy comes and attacks you, quickly squat down and at the same time do a counterattack, striking at their groin and abdomen. Do not be afraid of a swinging fist. Usually, those who come up and start swinging their fists at the first moment are brainless and impulsive.”


On the practice grounds, the academy’s martial arts instructor spoke as he demonstrated. A wooden puppet’s right fist swung forward, and the martial arts instructor quickly squatted down, dodging the incoming attack. Then he threw punches at the puppet’s abdomen, knocking it down in moments.


The students were looking at the demonstration in a circle, but most of them were bored.


The academy taught a variety of courses, and this class taught the foundations of martial arts. Mere punches and kicks couldn’t match up to the flashiness of a moonblade, leaving almost everyone absent-minded.


“The next class will be the Moonlight Gu test. How has your practice been going?”


“Decent enough. I can do three moonblades, but only a few of them actually hit. Usually I can land two on the grass puppet.”


“Mmm, that’s the same as me. I specially bought a grass puppet just to practice for this over the last few days.”


•••


The young teens whispered to one another, their minds long gone from the lesson. They were all worried about the assessment in the next class. They had practiced hard for a long time after school each day, and now they were stretching in anticipation.


The sounds of the students’ discussion reached the instructor’s ear, and he glared at them, shouting, “No talking allowed in class! All of you keep your mouths shut and watch closely!”


He was a rank two Gu Master, his body rather muscular. His shirtless upper body was robust, his bronze skin littered with countless scars. His intimidating aura pressed down on all the students.


Silence fell in the martial arts field.


“A foundation in martial arts is incredibly important for a Gu Master. Especially in the early stages of cultivation, it is more important than anything else. All of you had better focus your attention on me!”


After he finished scolding them, the martial arts instructor called out another wooden puppet. It was made of some light-yellow wood and stood two meters tall, its large feet clacking on the blue stone pavement of the practice grounds as it approached. The puppet spread its arms and rushed clumsily towards the coach.


The instructor dodged its attack, then grappled its waist and used his strength to push it down, causing the giant puppet to fall to the ground. Then the instructor mounted its torso and swung his fists quickly at the puppet’s head.


The wooden puppet tried to resist for a moment, but its head was smashed and broken by the instructor’s raining blows. It was paralyzed on the ground, lying motionless.


The martial arts instructor stood up, his breathing calm and steady as always. He explained to the students, “When facing a huge and tall enemy in close combat, do not be afraid. Manipulating their center of gravity is a good tactic for this kind of foe. Just like how I did it earlier, you must hug their waist, control their hips, and then push forward with your core. After that, mount their body to pin them and start punching. Those with no defensive capabilities will instantly collapse.”


The students nodded repeatedly, but most of their eyes showed disinterest. The coach saw all of this and laughed bitterly in his heart.


Every new batch of students was like this. They were easily captivated by flashy things. Without personal understanding and experience, it was hard for them to understand the importance of having a martial arts foundation. In truth, especially for low-ranked Gu Masters, while basic martial arts did not look promising, they were actually more important than methods like the moonblade.


“…Remember, in close combat, don’t just stare at the enemy’s eyes. You should also pay attention to their shoulders. Whether it’s punching or kicking, the enemy’s shoulder will always move first…”


“…In close combat your speed is very important. In this context, I am referring to your footwork…”


“…Distance is the best defense…”


“…Keep your legs flexible, then you will be able to easily burst out with your strength…”


“…When striking with your fists, maintain a triangle stance[1]. Otherwise you will lose your footing, and you will fall rather than the enemy…”


The instructor patiently explained while he demonstrated. These were all lessons learned from his blood and tears, valuable experience accumulated from long years of battle.


Unfortunately, the students were unaware of this. They gradually started to whisper again, the focus of the discussion still on the next lesson’s moonblade assessment.


This martial arts instructor is very pragmatic, but his teaching style is wrong. Fang Yuan watched quietly from amidst the crowd, nodding and shaking his head at times. The instructor had no discipline in his teaching; he taught completely by interest, picking whatever he thought of at the time. Everything came out in a disorganized mess, and it was difficult to understand. In the beginning, many students had actually tried to listen seriously, but gradually they lost interest.


Only Fang Yuan listened meticulously the entire time; while others were learning, he was revising. His combat experience was richer than the instructor’s, but listening to others was also a way of verifying one’s cultivation.


A Gu Master’s method of fighting was usually divided between melee and ranged combat. The moonblade was a type of ranged attack, but strictly speaking, it was considered medium range due to its effective distance being merely ten meters.


Melee-focused Gu Masters would usually choose Gu that amplified their own bodies. These Gu would give them superhuman strength, agility, reflexes, endurance, and so on.


This martial arts instructor was an example: his whole body was covered in bronze skin. This was, of course, not his natural skin color, but the result of a Bronze Skin Gu, which greatly increased the skin’s toughness and defense, letting the Gu Master endure more damage.


A single moonblade consumes 10% primeval essence. How many times can a Gu Master throw a moonblade during battle? Especially for beginners who can’t even form them consistently. It can only be used as a type of trump card; the threat and fear it evokes is greater than its lethality. To a rank one Gu Master, the truly useful skill is martial arts. One’s body is more durable and reliable. It’s a pity that they will not understand unless they experience it themselves.


Fang Yuan lightly glanced around at his peers, a faint sneer forming on his lips.


The basic martial arts class was finally over. After a short rest, the students’ eyes were filled with anticipation. The academy elder finally arrived. He waved his hand, pointing at the row of grass puppets in front of the bamboo wall. He cut to the chase and said, “Alright, today is the day to check your progress. Come up in groups of five and use your moonblades to attack three times.”


Swoosh.


The first group of students went up, and moonblades danced in the air. After three rounds, only nine moonblades struck the grass puppets.


The academy elder shook his head a little, feeling slightly displeased. This hit rate was too low, and of the five, two of the students couldn’t even form their third moonblade.


“You all had better practice properly after this, especially you, and you.” The elder reprimanded them, then he waved his hand. “Next group.”


The two that were singled out drooped their heads and left the field in dismay. One of them was a girl, her eyes a little red and her heart grieving. She was only C grade, and she could not bear to use primeval stones to quickly recover her primeval essence. In the last three days, she had practiced very little, and performed poorly as a result.


A Gu Master needed money to refine Gu, to raise Gu, even to practice with Gu. But where could she get so much money? Even though her parents were supporting her, every family had their own circumstances. Gu Masters were often short on funds.


Anyway, I don’t have the slightest chance of getting first place. I might as well give up and save my primeval stones. As she thought this, her heart became calm once more.


There were actually many people who thought the same way as she did. Because of the lack of practice, many of the students performed poorly. The academy elder’s brow furrowed more and more.


Fang Yuan watched, secretly shaking his head. This is quite pitiful. Just for a small amount of primeval stones, they gave up their own chance to progress. Primeval stones are meant to be used; if you want to become a miser and accumulate primeval stones, then what did you become a Gu Master for?


In other words, those who are shortsighted would often haggle over every penny and chase after less important things. As for those with lofty aspirations, they usually showed a tolerant and generous attitude, and had the strength to give up and let go of things.


It’s finally my turn. At that moment, Mo Bei’s horse face lit up with a confident smile, and he walked up to the field. His stature was stout and he gave off a fierce and strong aura. After standing motionless for a moment, he raised his hand and threw three moonblades — all three of them hit. Among the blades, two of them hit the puppet’s chest, while the other hit the puppet’s left arm, shaving away clumps of grass.


This result naturally caused the young teens to exclaim in admiration.


“Well done.” The elder’s furrowed brow eased a bit.


The next group came up, Chi Cheng standing among them. He had a small and short body, his face full of pockmarks and his expression slightly nervous.


He sent out three moonblades in quick succession, and all three hit on the puppet’s chest, cutting out three intertwined scars. The cuts went from deep to shallow, regenerating after a few moments.


This performance matched Mo Bei’s, and also received the elder’s praise. Chi Cheng held his head high as he walked out of the field, looking at Mo Bei defiantly as he went.


“Hmph!” Standing at the side, Mo Bei gave a cold snort, but he did not return Chi Cheng’s glare. Instead, he continued looking at Fang Zheng, who had not gone up yet.


He knew in his heart that the only real threats were Chi Cheng and Fang Zheng. The former was the same as him — a B grade talent who also had a constant supply of primeval stones. The latter was an A grade talent. While Fang Zheng did not have as many primeval stones, just by relying on his own natural recovery speed, he would also be able to practice a lot in a short amount of time.


At the moment, Chi Cheng and Mo Bei had tied, and only Fang Zheng was left.


In the last few groups, Fang Zheng finally came up to the stage.


* * *


[1]. This may be referring to the “four-six stance” in traditional Chinese martial arts.


