Chapter 25: The Light of Spring is Enchanting


“Is that Fang Yuan or Fang Zheng?” some of the students muttered; there were still some among them who could not differentiate between the twin brothers.

“It’s Fang Zheng. Fang Yuan is always wearing a cold expression, he would never appear tense,” someone else answered.

“Oh, then this will be a good show. Fang Zheng is the only A grade talent from our village in three years, after all.” The crowd cast their eyes over to the field.

Fang Zheng could feel the pressure of everyone’s eyes on him, making him even more nervous. Standing on the stage, his fingers were trembling slightly.

He threw out his first moonblade, originally intending to aim at the grass puppet’s chest. But because he was tense, he missed — the moonblade instead sliced into its neck.

The young teens instantly let out a sound of slight surprise.

They thought that Fang Zheng did it deliberately. Instead of aiming for the easiest spot, which was the chest of the puppet, he went for the neck instead — this showed incredible confidence in his ability.

They could not help but look forward to Fang Zheng’s next move. Mo Bei and Chi Cheng, however, started to look a bit downcast.

The only ones who could see Fang Zheng’s error were the academy elder and Fang Yuan.

How dangerous! Fang Zheng exclaimed in his heart, feeling lucky. He took in a few deep breaths, trying his best to calm down. Then he threw out two blades. This time he did not make any mistakes, and the two blades struck the grass puppet’s chest.

This result made the academy elder nod his head, and Mo Bei and Chi Cheng calmed down as well. Fang Zheng’s result was different from theirs, so it would all come down to how the academy elder decided to grade them.

The other students let out a chorus of sighs. Fang Zheng’s later moonblades weren’t as impressive, making them feel slightly disappointed.

The next few groups were not interesting either. No one was able to perform better than Mo Bei, Chi Cheng, and Fang Zheng. The youngsters started to whisper.

“At this rate, the top scorer in today’s assessment should be among the three of them.”

“All three of them managed to hit the grass puppet three times, I wonder who the academy elder will deem better.”

“Hold on, it’s the last group. Fang Yuan’s going up.”

“Oh, that C grade ‘cold genius’? Heh heh.”

In the last group, Fang Yuan finally went up on stage.

It’s Fang Yuan… Mo Bei lifted his head and looked at Fang Yuan for a moment, then he lowered his eyes, uninterested.

Last time you got really lucky, choosing a weak-willed Moonlight Gu by accident and getting first place. Let’s see how you perform this time! Chi Cheng crossed his arms, waiting to see Fang Yuan make a fool of himself.

Big Brother…this time will not be like the last. I have practiced so hard for so long, I can definitely surpass you. Fang Zheng pursed his lips, subconsciously clenching his fists.

In the test to refine a vital Gu, he actually came in second despite his A grade talent. Naturally, he was not happy with this. Especially after he understood that Fang Yuan was able to win and take first place because of sheer luck. To Fang Zheng, being victorious over his older brother had special significance.

Many gazes were gathered on Fang Yuan, including the academy elder’s. Fang Yuan showed no emotion; his expression was cold and detached.

He stood still, primeval essence pouring into the Moonlight Gu in the heart of his palm. With a cut in the air, he threw the first moonblade.

It flew very high. It not only went over the grass puppet’s head, it flew over the bamboo wall as well. It went on for almost fifteen meters before the light dimmed and it vanished into thin air.

“Pfffft…” someone couldn’t help but laugh.

“This is too outrageous, isn’t it,” another sneered.

“He’s indeed a genius. No wonder he managed to get first place in refining Gu,” yet another said sarcastically.

In his younger years, when Fang Yuan created poetry and showed early wisdom, it had already caused discontent among these people. Later on, when he relied on “luck” and refined his vital Gu first, it made them feel jealousy along with their dissatisfaction.

Many of them were waiting to see a “good show”. They waited to see the “genius” Fang Yuan embarrass himself, and this moonblade of his did not let them down.

Waves of laughter swept across the crowd.

The academy elder shook his head slightly, secretly laughing at himself. Why did he have to be so concerned about Fang Yuan for no reason? He was just C grade, merely a boy who got lucky.

In his heart, he had already made up his mind. Although Mo Bei, Chi Cheng, and Fang Zheng’s results were the same, he would still pick Fang Zheng as the winner.

The war between Mo Bei and Chi Cheng was the epitome of the political struggle between the two most powerful elders in the clan. The academy elder had always remained neutral and had no intention to enter the political vortex.

The academy elder was more inclined towards the clan head, Gu Yue Bo, and the clan leader had claimed Fang Zheng as his pupil. Adding in the fact that he had A grade talent, choosing him as the winner would mean showing biased care for him, but the clan would be able to accept it.

A warm spring breeze blew over, the smell of flowers drifting into the training grounds. The sunlight shone down on Fang Yuan’s body, sending a lonely black shadow onto the ground.

His expression was still cold as he quietly gazed at the grass puppet ten meters away. The Moonlight Gu in his palm was giving out a faint blue light.

Of course, he had deliberately thrown the first moonblade awry. Now, he only had two chances left to act. Taking into account the academy elder’s position, he would have to create an outcome that exceeded everyone’s expectations in the next two attacks if he wanted to win.

With only two chances left, it’s impossible. Big Brother, I have finally defeated you. Fang Zheng didn’t blink as he stared at Fang Yuan. From their youth till now, the shadow that his older brother had cast over him finally began to fade away.

He could feel victory so close. His fists were subconsciously clenched tight, his entire body so full of excitement that he trembled slightly.

Big Brother, my victory this time is just the beginning. I will keep on winning again and again until I banish all the shadows in my heart. I will show the clan the excellence of an A grade genius! Fang Zheng told himself in his heart.

At that moment, Fang Yuan moved. His right palm was like a knife, splitting the void.

With a sharp tearing sound, the watery blue light grasped in his hand was thrown out. It flew in the air, turning into a curved blue moonblade, shooting towards the grass puppet.

In the next instant, his hand lit up again with blue light. He turned his palm and shot out the last moonblade. These two attacks connected smoothly like flowing water; it was a seamless combination.

The two moonblades flew out in quick succession, less than half a meter apart. Under the stunned gazes of the crowd, the two moonblades sliced into the grass puppet’s neck.

This… Fang Zheng’s eyes went wide, a bad feeling emerging in his heart. The students slowly opened their mouths wide in astonishment.

They saw the grass puppet’s head slowly tilt to one side, then fall off, dropping to the ground. With a bounce, it rolled a few meters away.

Fang Yuan had beheaded the puppet!

This outcome had gone beyond the expectations of everyone on the field.

Is this luck or skill? The academy elder frowned. This doubt hovered in the hearts of the rest of the students. For a time, the entire training ground lapsed into silence.

“How could this be…” Fang Zheng murmured. He stared at Fang Yuan blankly. The surging emotions in his heart fell, plummeting back into the abyss.

Fang Yuan narrowed his eyes, acting as if he was oblivious to the gazes of the crowd.

Squawk, Squawk…

Under the blue skies and white clouds, a group of peacock parrots suddenly flapped their wings and flew into the air. They dragged their magnificent, long, slender peacock tails behind them, squawking in the air as they flew about playfully.

Fang Yuan stood in the center of the training field, looking up. Under the bright sunlight, the multicolored feathers of the birds were even more dazzling. His expression was indifferent, as if the person who had just cut off the grass puppet’s head was not him.

Ah, the light of spring is really enchanting…

