Chapter 26: The Nature of All Organizations


As it neared nightfall, the sun on the edge of the horizon seemed to be made of blood. Its rays poured into the school where around fifty students sat upright. On the stage above, the academy elder was reading out names one by one, distributing their allowance.


This was the academy’s weekly subsidy. One could say it was financial aid for these young teens. After all, with their capabilities, feeding and raising their own Gu was a lot of financial pressure.


“Gu Yue Fang Yuan,” the elder read aloud.


Fang Yuan got up from his seat by the window in the last row. He walked up the stage and received two moneybags. In one bag, there were three primeval stones — the clan’s allowance. The other bag held the reward of ten primeval stones.


“Work hard,” the elder said, giving Fang Yuan a deep look. Fang Yuan had continuously achieved first place, and this had made those who were originally disappointed in him start paying slight attention.


Fang Yuan nodded and took the purses into his arms, returning to his seat.


Damn it, he actually got first again… Mo Bei glared at Fang Yuan, furious.


Those two moonblades hit the neck of the puppet consecutively. Was that because of sheer luck or real skill? Chi Cheng narrowed his eyes. This question had been hovering in his mind since the end of the test.


It was not just him — many students’ eyes unconsciously drifted towards Fang Yuan. This question haunted them.


When the day was about to end, the academy elder made an announcement. “You all have been in the academy for a while now, and you are familiar with how to use your vital Gu as well. In the next few days, I will teach you all how to nourish your aperture and advance your cultivation realm. The higher the realm of a Gu Master, the more condensed your primeval essence becomes. A rank one Gu Master has green copper primeval essence, a rank two Gu Master has red steel primeval essence, and a rank three Gu Master possesses white silver primeval essence. A portion of red steel primeval essence is comparable to sixteen portions of green copper primeval essence. Similarly a portion of white silver primeval essence equals sixteen portions of red steel primeval essence!


“You must all remember, Gu are just tools that we use. Cultivation is the foundation. The higher your rank, the stronger the Gu you are able to use. In the next three months, whoever can take the lead and reach rank one middle stage will receive a reward of thirty primeval stones. At the same time, they will be first to choose their second Gu. After three months, we will elect a class president and two vice presidents based on the results. The class president will enjoy a subsidy of ten primeval stones, while the vice president will have an allowance of five! Alright, that’s all for today. You all can leave.”


The elder’s words made the academy burst with noise.


“Time to elect the class president and vice president!” One of them clenched their fist in excitement.


“The class president receives ten primeval stones every seven days, and the vice presidents get five?” Another’s eyes lit up.


“The primeval stones are not the important part. What matters here is the positions of class president and vice president — it represents glory and places one above others. When normal students see the class president, they must all bow and greet them.” Mo Bei and Chi Cheng did not lack primeval stones, but they deemed the glory of the position very important.


The first person who reaches rank one middle stage will definitely be president! That means when Big Brother sees me in the future, he will have to bow and greet me. Hold on, where is Big Brother? Fang Zheng subconsciously looked back, but Fang Yuan’s seat was empty.


The students walked out of the academy.


“Where’s Fang Yuan?” Mo Bei wanted to find him and ask about the test face to face. However, Fang Yuan was one step ahead and had long left.


“Hmph, he sure ran away fast. Is he afraid? Looks like he got lucky again,” Chi Cheng sneered.


Whatever, it’s just ten primeval stones. I don’t need to care about this small matter, right now what’s important is to advance to middle stage and become class president. Mo Bei narrowed his eyes, looking at Chi Cheng and Fang Zheng.


These two were his real enemies. Fang Yuan was nothing more than a C grade talent.


In the first two tests, Fang Yuan got lucky and took first. This time, it’s a cultivation test, and the focus is on one’s talent, Chi Cheng thought, depressed. His real talent was only C grade; it was only because of his grandfather’s cheating that he could appear to be B grade.


Mere class president and vice president positions got their fists itching. How hot-blooded and naïve they are at this age, Fang Yuan sneered as he leaned against the academy gate.


This so-called glory was just a valuable tool the brass used to motivate those below them. In the end, it was just an illusion, it was useless!


His five hundred years of experience had long allowed Fang Yuan to understand some of the secrets of life.


Whether it comes to a clan, sect, or any other group, whether it is this world or Earth, all organizations are like this. High and low positions are established, and the method of promotion is made clear, letting those in the organization climb up from the bottom. Because chasing after profit is the nature of humans, and positions of authority often make people feel superior, it creates the illusion that they are living a more valuable life than others.


Power is like a carrot dangling in front of a donkey. Human desires are stimulated by it, and everyone schemes for it. After climbing up one level, there will be another. While they are busy currying favor for personal gain, those above them squeeze hard work and value out of them.


In every organization, as long as there is a chain of command, it exists to serve those at the top. The so-called class president and vice president positions are the smallest of such carrots, luring everyone into the structure of the clan. And to stop those below from realizing the truth, those at the higher positions create shared values; they extoll ideals like honor and glory and good deeds; they establish high and low positions and provide unequal benefits; they use religion to rule people’s hearts.


This is the real truth; it is a pity that so many people in the world do not understand. They foolishly work hard for others. And for every organization in the world, the most fundamental rule is this: the redistribution of resources, where the higher the position, the more resources they can enjoy.


In his previous life, Fang Yuan had founded the Bloodwing Demon Sect in the Central Continent, where he taught thousands. He created the positions of demon soldiers, demon generals, demon sages, and so on. Each position gave corresponding benefits, and countless people flocked over like ducks, letting Fang Yuan order them around. This kind of experience allowed Fang Yuan to clearly understand the way of thinking in this principle.


Thus, any organization is just an illusion, while the real basis is just one word — resources. Without food, one will die of starvation. Without water, one will die of thirst. Without cultivation resources, one will become weak, and sooner or later, be bullied and killed.


And for a Gu Master, primeval stones are the most important resource! Fang Yuan’s eyes were fathomless ancient pools, and as his thoughts reached this point, the corners of his lips curled up slightly, creating the outline of a sneer.


He had long left the academy, and right now he stood at the gate of the school. He saw the first batch of students coming out, gradually walking closer towards him.


“It’s Fang Yuan.”


“What’s he doing by the gate?”


“Hmph, every time I see his dead, dysfunctional face, I feel so pissed off.”


“Don’t worry about him, he’s probably waiting for someone.”


The young teens paid no attention to him. Just as they were about to walk past, Fang Yuan strode across and blocked them. “Pay up. Everyone must surrender a primeval stone before they can leave.”


