Chapter 27: Outright Extortion


The young teens were instantly shocked and angry.


“What? I didn’t hear wrongly, did I?”


“Fang Yuan, is your head screwed on right? You would actually stand at the gates of the academy and blackmail us?!”


“Have you gone mad? Who gave you the guts to do this to us?”


“Scram, you’re just C grade. How dare you block my way. If you don’t get lost, I’ll send you flying with my–urghh!”


Fang Yuan suddenly lashed out.


His right palm cut furiously forward. His movement was quick and precise, his slicing hand striking the left side of the last speaker’s neck.


This unlucky teenager was not expecting Fang Yuan to suddenly attack him. While he was still cursing at Fang Yuan, he suddenly suffered a heavy blow. His eyes instantly rolled back and he fainted on the spot.


“Fuck! You actually hit him?!” The crowd jumped, and the young teens subconsciously retreated.


“Bei Ju fainted, what do we do?” Some of them were terrified, shouting in panic.


“What else can be done?! There’s so many of us, and Fang Yuan is alone. We should all rush at him together and beat him up!” Some others were roaring in a rage.


“That’s right, he doesn’t know his place! How dare he provoke us by himself! He’s definitely digging his own grave! Everyone, get him!!”


Yet before they could do anything, Fang Yuan had already struck. He stepped forward, rushing into the group of teenagers.


He slashed with his palm and the edge of his hand cut at a youth’s neck. The young man passed out.


“Ahh—!” Another teen yelled loudly, swinging his fist at Fang Yuan. Fang Yuan lowered his body and dodged, then he lifted his leg and kicked the boy’s groin.


“AHH OWWwwww—!”


The youngster’s loud roar was originally sonorous and indignant, but after he took the blow, his voice instantly became sharp and shrill, filled with a certain kind of misery and pain.


Thump.


He covered his crotch with his hands, his knees giving way as he dropped to the ground. He rolled around on the floor screaming, the pain so great his entire body was covered in cold sweat.


Fang Yuan swung his fists, a tiger among a flock of sheep!


He had five hundred years of battle experience, and these youngsters were just a bunch of soft, green kids; they had just started cultivating not long ago, how could they possibly be his opponents?


In the blink of an eye, Fang Yuan put down the entire group of students. If they had not fainted, then they were lying on the ground, the pain draining them of all their strength.


“What’s going on here?!” Mo Bei arrived and exclaimed. He saw that Fang Yuan stood at the entrance of the academy gates, and there were half a dozen students on the floor around him.


“H-he wants to extort our primeval stones!” one of them lying on the floor shouted angrily while clutching his belly.


“Still full of energy, huh.” Fang Yuan’s expression was flat as he kicked fiercely at the abdomen of the boy who just yelled.


“Oww!”


The youngster immediately cried out in pain, his body curling up like a shrimp. Fear emerged on his face and his tears streamed down, and he did not dare to speak again.


As they saw this, the students that came over all felt Fang Yuan’s savageness and cruelty, their hearts shaking.


“Alright, all of you be good and hand over a primeval stone. Then I’ll let you go. Otherwise…well, you can see your fate.” Fang Yuan stepped forward, his tone callous.


“Bullshit! You petty little C grade, you would even dare to challenge me, a B grade?” Mo Bei flew into a rage, swinging his fists as he rushed toward Fang Yuan.


With a slight turn of his ankle, Fang Yuan swiveled gently sideways and let Mo Bei’s fist fly past. Then he stretched out his left hand, put his index and middle fingers together, and jabbed at the center of Mo Bei’s collarbone, just below the throat.


Mo Bei immediately fell to the ground with a thump, fainting on the spot.


Hiss…


As they saw what just happened, the young students that planned to rush forward quickly stopped, each of them releasing a mouthful of cold air.


In the eyes of these youngsters, Fang Yuan’s movements were suddenly too profound to be understood. They did not pay attention to the martial arts instructor, but in reality, it had been vaguely mentioned during class. The human body had many vulnerable parts; Fang Yuan had struck at these weak points. Such attacks could easily make a person instantly faint, and heavy blows could threaten their lives.


However, Fang Yuan had proper restraint when he attacked.


Those that he had knocked down were either unconscious or suffering in immense pain, losing the ability to fight for a short period. There was no one who was seriously injured.


This was the terror of five hundred years’ worth of combat experience!


“Are you going to give me your stones or not?” Fang Yuan stepped forward again, pressuring the other youths. They looked at each other for a moment, then half of them gritted their teeth while the other half roared angrily, all of them swarming towards Fang Yuan.


Fang Yuan dodged about while striking at the same time. His cultivation was low, but his mind was sharp, his heart cool as ice, his movements quick and precise.


Thump, thump…


After a few breaths, bodies fell down to the ground again.


“It’s too vicious! Too terrible!”


“They’re not going to die, are they?”


There were still a few young girls left behind; they had not rushed forward. Their eyes were wide, and after seeing what had happened so far, their bodies trembled more and more.


Fang Yuan’s eyes swept over to them, and their faces turned pale as they quickly waved their hands and retreated. “No, don’t come over. We’ll surrender, we’ll give you the stones!”


After Fang Yuan received their primeval stones, he let them go. They stumbled out of the academy gate, while several more students came over.


This was the only gate out of the school. With Fang Yuan blocking this path, he would be able to stop all the students.


“Damn, what’s going on?!” The new wave of students stared in amazement.


“Isn’t that Mo Bei?” Chi Cheng stared at the unconscious Mo Bei on the floor, his eyes wide and his mouth agape.


When Fang Yuan made his demands, the youngsters were instantly angered and they attacked him. They, too, fell.


•••


“Sir elder, we’re just going to keep watching all of this and not stop them? What if someone loses their life, how are we going to salvage this?” the guards asked, worried.


Some of them were indignant, saying, “This Fang Yuan is too bold. He would actually dare to extort his classmates at the academy gates right in front of our noses. This is acting with utter disregard for law and discipline! As long as sir elder gives the command, we will arrest him.”


Fang Yuan’s violent extortion had long attracted attention. But mortal guards had no right to punish the students, so they could only go to the academy elder and report.


When the academy elder heard the news, he did not immediately command them to stop it. Instead he went to the upper floor and observed from afar.


Looks like this boy has fighting talent. The longer the academy elder watched, the more interested he became.


Fang Yuan’s use of the moonblade today had already caused him to feel some uncertainty. Now he watched as Fang Yuan, with his strength alone, made an enemy out of the entire class, graceful and unstoppable. With this, the doubts in his heart were cleared.


In this world, there were those who were particularly keen and sharp when it came to conflict; they had hidden talent. They were good at fighting, and they loved battles. In combat, they were often inspired, and always had surprising and even unbelievable accomplishments.


“Ah, he’s a natural battle Gu Master. Pity, his talent is only C grade; in the end, he fell just a bit short.” The academy elder heaved a sigh.


“Sir, are you not going to stop this farce? Letting him go on with this nonsense, I’m afraid the consequences will be severe,” the guards beside him continued, worry etched on their faces.


