Chapter 28: Capital-Free Business


“Why stop it?” The academy elder lifted his eyebrows and laughed. He pointed at Fang Yuan and said, “This young man has taken control of the entire situation, and his attacks are fully restrained. Look at the way he cuts at the neck, he only strikes the left or right side, but never the nape. This is because he knows that striking the sides can make a person faint, but striking the back of the neck could kill.

“Look at all those youths on the ground, which one of them is actually heavily injured? None! Even if they were badly hurt, so what? Are you saying that our academy’s healing Gu Masters couldn’t cure that sort of injury?”

“But Sir Elder, that child is just too arrogant. He blocked the entrance; this is not acknowledging our existence as guards! Being ignored isn’t the main problem though, the important matter is what the clan will think of our academy. To actually allow a petty C grade student to make a fuss in the academy and to do nothing to stop it; if word goes out, we’re afraid this might affect your reputation, Sir Elder.”

“Hmph. In reality, it is because you all were disregarded by the boy, so your own dignity feels challenged, is it not?” The academy elder was none too happy. He sneered, his glare as sharp as a sword. The guards all lowered their heads even as they disagreed with his assessment.

“What’s wrong with fighting? As long as lives are not lost, it will stir up the competitive side of the students and temper their will to fight. To stop this kind of fight is to stifle the students’ fighting spirit! Was there no fighting in past years? Every class had their own battles, and it happened very often. The only difference was that it usually happened in the latter half of the year, when the students had already mastered some means of fighting. With strength, they itched to fight, as you would expect from teenagers. Why didn’t you stop them back then?” the academy elder asked in a cold voice.

“Maybe it was because the fights in the previous years were all single battles, there were rarely large-scale fights like this one. But this Fang Yuan is really good at creating a disturbance!” the chief of the guards replied.

“No, no, no.” The academy elder shook his head. “That was because you all did not dare to stop them. Because after half a year, a Gu Master has the ability to fight beyond a mortal’s strength, and with your petty mortal bodies, how were you supposed to stop it? Right now, you all want to stop Fang Yuan, perhaps because he just started cultivating, so he doesn’t have enough power. It’s also because you feel that he ignored your existence and offended your dignity. But you must all remember, these students all bear the surname Gu Yue! They are my Gu Yue clansmen, your masters! Even if they are still young, even if they are weak, they are still your masters!”

The elder’s tone had turned sharp.

“Your surnames are not Gu Yue, what is your worth? Because of your loyalty, you were all given the positions of guards and were rewarded. But in reality, you are still slaves. Just slaves! A slave dares give preposterous opinions, dares to meddle in the affairs of their masters?” The elder’s face was dark.

“That was not my idea, not my meaning!”

“I wouldn’t dare! I wouldn’t dare!”

The guards’ expressions were ashen as they kneeled on the ground, apologizing nonstop. The academy elder gave a cold snort and pointed at the chief guard. “You gave an outrageous comment about your master. You are relieved of your position.”

After a pause, the elder said to the others, “After half a month, there will be a re-examination to determine the new chief guard.”

The other guards’ eyes lit up, their hearts pumping with enthusiasm.

“The position of chief of the guard! Every month, I’ll be able to receive half a primeval stone more!”

“To become the chief is to become a man above men. Aside from the masters, who would dare show displeasure with me?”

“If I became the chief, how cool would that be…”

“Alright, what are you all dallying here for? Get downstairs and wait for the battle to end, then sweep the field!” the elder roared.

“Yes, yes, yes!”

“We take our leave!”

The guards left in reverence and awe as they went down. One of the guards on the stairs lost his footing and fell down. Immediately there was a series of clangs, as though several people fell like dominos.

However, under the academy elder’s power and influence, the guards’ faces flushed as they endured the pain, not letting out a single noise.

Hmph! Those fools are just like dogs. Every once in a while, they’ll get an itch to misbehave; you have to smack them so that they know fear and respect. Then just throw them some small victories like bones, let them fight amongst themselves, and let them compete to serve the clan with their lives. To hold a stick in one hand and a carrot in another — this is the unique method of the upper echelons. As the academy elder heard them moving down below, he sneered in his heart and turned to look through the window at the school gates.

A fresh group of a dozen students had collapsed by the entrance. Fang Yuan stood proudly as three young girls huddled together a short distance away.

“Y-you better not come over!”

“If you come over, we’ll shoot you with moonblades!!”

They each held radiant blue light in their hands. It seemed like they were afraid to the point they would actually use their Moonlight Gu.

Fang Yuan’s body was still that of a normal fifteen-year-old boy, and if they attacked him with moonblades, it would do him no good. Yet he was not afraid — instead, he sneered at them and walked forward deliberately. “You are quite bold. Have you forgotten the rules of the school? Inside the academy, fighting using Gu is forbidden, or else you will be expelled. Go ahead and try it.”

“That’s…” the girls hesitated.

“Indeed, there is such a rule.” The blue light in their hands faded away.

Fang Yuan’s eyes flashed. Taking advantage of this opening, he dashed forward, hands slicing through the air, cutting down two of them without a moment’s hesitation.

The last girl, now alone, dropped to her knees and cried. She begged, “Don’t, please don’t, please let me go.”

Fang Yuan looked down on the girl, his cold voice clear above her sobs. “Your primeval stone.”

The girl’s body trembled as she quickly opened her money pouch. She took a handful of primeval stones and held them in her palm, thrusting them towards Fang Yuan. “Don’t hit me, I’ll give them all to you, I’ll give all my stones to you!”

Fang Yuan was expressionless as he slowly reached out with his right hand. He lifted his forefinger and thumb, gently pinching a single primeval stone, taking it from the girl’s hand.

The young maiden could not stop trembling. Fang Yuan’s hand had a youth’s pale and slender form, but in her eyes it was like the gnarled claw of a monster.

“As I said, I will only take one primeval stone.” Fang Yuan paused for a moment, then he said plainly, “You may leave.”

The girl stared dumbly at Fang Yuan, then she finally got up. But her limbs were still weak and she could not properly stand. Her heart was full of fear, to the point that she could not muster a single breath of energy.

When the academy elder saw this, he could not help but shake his head. One of the reasons he remained an observer was to borrow this chance to see each student’s fighting talents.

This girl who collapsed on the ground was C grade, but with this kind of mentality, she could only become a logistics Gu Master. She could be productive in the clan, but there was no expectation for her to be on the battlefield.

As for this Fang Yuan… The academy elder rubbed his chin, his eyes narrowing. He felt that Fang Yuan was very interesting. Not only did he possess fighting talent, he even had a sense of propriety. Taking just one primeval stone was not beyond the bounds of his heart.

The academy’s allowance was originally three stones. To have one taken away would still be considered harmless. But if he robbed everyone of two stones, then what was the point of giving out a subsidy? He might as well just give everything to Fang Yuan. In that case, he would be forced to intervene.

Soon, the last group of students arrived. There were only five people, and among them was Fang Yuan’s younger brother.

“Big Brother, how could you do this?! You are too bold, to actually beat up your classmates at the gates and rob them!” Fang Zheng looked at the scene, wide-eyed, scarcely able to believe it. “I advise you to quickly go to the academy elder and take the initiative to admit your mistake. For something like this, you might actually be expelled!”

Fang Yuan laughed and said, “You’re right.”

Fang Zheng heaved a relieved sigh. Seeing that his older brother hadn’t gone insane and could still be reasoned with, that was good.

But then he heard Fang Yuan say again, “Every one of you, hand over a primeval stone.”

“What?” Fang Zheng opened his mouth wide with surprise. “Even I need to pay up?”

“My dearest little brother, of course you can choose not to.” Fang Yuan’s tone was very gentle. “But you will end up just like them.” He pointed at the fallen. Some of them had fainted, and others were moaning in pain.

“Even his own younger brother isn’t spared!”

“This Fang Yuan is crazy, he’s too vicious…”

“We cannot defeat him, a wise man does not fight when the odds are against him. We should just pay his toll for now.”

“That’s right, we’ll just hand it over for now. It’s just one stone anyway. When we go back and report to the teachers, he’ll be getting it!”

With the lesson drawn from their classmate’s mistakes, the remaining youngsters obediently accepted Fang Yuan’s blackmail with eyes full of defiance.

“Hold up.” Just as they were about to leave, Fang Yuan’s shout brought them to a halt.

“Fang Yuan, are you actually going to go back on your word?” The youths started to become nervous.

Fang Yuan gestured to the fallen teenagers all around, gently sighing. “Do you really think I would root around and search them one by one?”

The youths stared blankly, then they were hit by the sudden realization. They flushed red and stood there awkwardly.

Fang Yuan stared at them, eyes narrowed. There was a flash of cold light in his gaze; immediately the five youngsters felt their hearts pounding and their scalps going numb.

“Alright, Fang Yuan. We understand your meaning.”

“We’ll help you just this once.”

Under Fang Yuan’s despotic aura, they could only lower their heads and search through the money pouches of the fallen students, removing a primeval stone from each bag. Then they brought them together and passed them to Fang Yuan.

The entire class had a total of fifty-seven people. By extorting a primeval stone from everyone else, Fang Yuan received fifty-six.

He originally had twenty, but he spent ten to buy a few jars of green bamboo wine. Adding his own allowance and the reward from the test, he had a total of seventy-nine.

Extortion and robbery; truly this kind of capital-free business is the most profitable. Fang Yuan stashed his suddenly sizable money pouch in his robe and strutted away, leaving the ground full of teenagers scattered about like corpses.

A few others, Fang Zheng among them, stared blankly at Fang Yuan’s fading figure.

“Get out there, fast!”

“All of you, faster! Arrange the young masters properly!”

“The treatment Gu Master, where is he, ask him to come over at once!”

The guards yelled as they all rushed forward, falling over each other in their eagerness to show off. They willingly gave their all for the small position of being the chief guard.

