Chapter 29: Unscrupulous


“Put all the wine jars under the bed.” Fang Yuan directed four workers from the inn. In each man’s hands were jars of green bamboo wine. Right after Fang Yuan finished extorting his peers, he went to the inn and bought twenty jars at once.


Each jar cost two primeval stones, so Fang Yuan had spent a total of forty for the sake of the Liquor Worm.


His suddenly-bulging money pouch had deflated just as quickly, leaving thirty-nine primeval stones behind. However, it was worth the money — this wine would be able to support the Liquor Worm for some time.


“Alright,” the workers immediately replied. They would not dare to show any hint of disrespect to a Gu Master. Considering the fact that he had bought so much wine, it could be said that he was one of the inn’s greatest patrons. Just a casual word from him before the innkeeper could affect their fate.


After the servants left, Fang Yuan closed the dormitory door and sat cross-legged on his bed.


It was already dark. The stars and moon in the sky were bright, and the breeze carried a hint of the spring night.


There was no light in the room. Fang Yuan calmed his mind, letting his focus slip into his primeval sea.


The waves rose and fell, glowing with green copper light.


The walls of the aperture were spherical and formed from a thin layer of white light, supporting and encasing it. In the sky above the primeval sea there was nothing. The Spring Autumn Cicada had already hidden itself away under Fang Yuan’s command, sleeping deeply as it recovered.


Floating on the primeval sea was a cute and chubby white Liquor Worm. It frisked about to its heart’s content, sometimes diving into the sea, other times shaking its head and tail, splashing and splattering water droplets around.


Fang Yuan sent a thought through his mind, and the Liquor Worm immediately responded. It stopped playing and curled up into the shape of a rice dumpling, leisurely floating into the air. It rose up to the middle of the aperture, floating above the green copper sea.


Go. Fang Yuan mobilized 10% of his primeval essence, transforming it into a narrow stream and thrusting it all into the Liquor Worm. The Liquor Worm had already been refined by him, so this time it did not resist. It took in the entire jet of primeval essence, absorbing everything into its body.


Immediately, the sea level fell noticeably. The curled up Liquor Worm began to radiate white light. Inside the soft light, a faint vapor began to appear, gradually converging into a pale white wine mist.


This mist was marvelous. It did not drift away, instead enveloping the Liquor Worm.


Rise. Fang Yuan sent another 10% of his primeval essence. The green copper seawater dived into the wine mist; as the mist melted into the seawater, it was gradually consumed, and eventually there was no trace of it left. As for that 10% of green copper primeval essence, it had also diminished, and only 5% was left.


However, this 5% primeval essence was even more condensed than before. The original primeval essence was a bright jade green, tinged with copper. Right now, although this new primeval essence had the same copper luster, it was slightly darker — it was pale green.


Pale green primeval essence was something that only a rank one middle stage Gu Master would have. The Liquor Worm’s use was to condense primeval essence and increase it by a small realm!


There were nine great realms of Gu Masters — rank one, rank two, all the way to rank nine. Every great realm was split into four smaller realms, which were initial stage, middle stage, upper stage, and peak stage.


Fang Yuan was only a rank one initial stage Gu Master right now, but with the Liquor Worm’s help, he had 5% of a rank one middle stage Gu Master’s primeval essence!


If I want to create 5% middle stage primeval essence, I need to use 20% of my initial stage primeval essence. I want to convert my entire primeval sea into middle stage primeval essence, so I’ll need to use almost 180% initial stage primeval essence. To reach this target as soon as possible, I’ll need to borrow the help of primeval stones.


Fang Yuan opened his eyes and took out a complete primeval stone the size of a duck egg from his bag. It was a sort of ellipsoidal, translucent gray stone. As the natural essence inside it was consumed, it would shrink.


His right hand slowly closed, the primeval stone tightly clenched in his palm. He absorbed the natural primeval essence inside the stone, continuously replenishing his own aperture. The sea level in his aperture slowly began to rise.


Primeval stones were meant to be used. Fang Yuan was no miser; he would not hesitate to spend them.


I do not have a wealthy backer, nor any support from friends and family. Thus, I can only rely on extortion and thievery. Today was merely the first time; from now on, every seven days when the academy gives out its allowance, I will continue blocking the academy gates.


How could robbing just once satisfy Fang Yuan’s appetite? In a Gu Master’s cultivation, primeval stones were scarce. As for the consequences of his actions, Fang Yuan was not in the least worried.


This world was not the same as Earth.


On Earth, schools would prohibit fights and promote harmony between their students. But in this world, fighting was normal.


Whether a Gu Master or a common mortal, people would have to fight for survival. Sometimes it would be a fight with wild beasts, sometimes it would be a battle against the raging weather, and other times it would be conflict with other Gu Masters over resources.


As a result, moderate fighting was tolerated, even encouraged, by the clan.


From the young to the old, from simple brawls to battles determining life and death, this was the portrayal of most human lives here.


This world was vast and boundless. Just the Southern Border alone, where Fang Yuan currently lived, was more than eight times larger than the surface of Earth. The environment here was hostile and cruel, so humans would form communities and clans like this mountain village.


Every now and then, a village would face a trial. Perhaps it would be a horde of beasts, or extremely bad weather. Gu Masters would become the core force to protect the village, and every year the casualties would not be few.


Surviving required people with strong wills. A clan needed battle Gu Masters, there could never be too many. Moreover, Fang Yuan’s attacks were within the proper limit.


He never attacked the lower jaw, as that could fracture the skull and cause the loss of life. He also never struck the back of the head. When fighting, he did not use his fists or elbows, instead using his palm and the side of his hand. The number of kicks and finger jabs he used could be counted on two hands.


The students that fell were not heavily injured; at most they were lightly wounded.


Fang Yuan was not bloodthirsty. He treated killing as a method.


Every time he acted, he would have a clear goal. Whatever method, whatever course of action would let him reach his goal the fastest, he would use it. In other words, he was unscrupulous in doing things.


•••


The clouds floated over, covering the moonlight. A shadow enveloped Gu Yue Village.


The watchman banged on his clappers, signaling that it was already deep in the night — be careful of fires, be on guard against wild beasts, watch for foreign Gu Masters sneaking into the village.


There were still a lot of lights on.


In the Chi branch family home, Chi Lian was sitting in his study, the lights around him radiant. The influential old man’s tone was gentle, full of sympathy as he spoke with his grandson Chi Cheng. “I heard you were beaten up by Fang Yuan today?”


Chi Cheng had a black right eye, and he angrily answered, “Yes, Grandpa. Fang Yuan is just a petty C grade, yet he dared to act so arrogantly. He blocked us all at the entrance, not caring about his relationships with his classmates, and he robbed us of our primeval stones. What’s more, the academy ignored it. Only after he left did the guards hurry over. Grandpa, this time you have to help me!”


Instead, Chi Lian shook his head. “This is between you and your peers. You were extorted out of a single primeval stone, and you did not suffer heavy injuries — I cannot act without proper justification. Even if you were heavily wounded, I would not stand up for you. Do you understand why?”


Chi Cheng was stunned. He struggled to think, and after a long while he said hesitantly, “Grandpa, I think I understand your meaning. You are hoping that I will rely on my own strength to find a way, right?”


“You only understood one aspect.” Chi Lian nodded his head and added, “You must remember, you are not just an individual. You represent the Chi branch family. For many years we have confronted the Mo branch family, and your every move will represent the future of the Chi family. I may help you in the shadows, but you must stand up and create a self-reliant and strong image. Otherwise, the elders who are supporting us will not see hope for our future, and they will abandon us.”


As he said this, Chi Lian heaved a sigh. “This is also why I helped you cheat and let you impersonate a B grade talent. Our Chi family needs a strong successor to hold on to those who are supporting us.”


Chi Cheng was enlightened. “Grandpa, I understand now.”


Chi Lian shook his head. “Just understanding won’t do any good. You must work hard. Fang Yuan is just small trouble; next, you must study hard, train diligently in your basic martial arts, and take your dignity back. At the same time, do not forget to work hard cultivating and to advance to middle stage as soon as possible. It would be best if you could win and become class president, that would be a great honor and helpful to our family.”


“Alright, Grandpa!” Chi Cheng replied enthusiastically.


“Heh heh heh, this is how the heir to the Chi family should be. Grandson, you must work hard, and I will do my best to help you.”


