Chapter 3: Get Lost


Bang, Bang, Bang.

The patrolling night watchman banged his wooden clappers in a rhythm.

The sound spread into the raised houses. Fang Yuan opened his dry eyelids. It’s already the hour before dawn.

He had lain in bed thinking for a long time last night. He came up with many plans, and probably only slept for a little over two hours. He had not started cultivating, his energy levels were low, and thus his body and mind were still shrouded in exhaustion.

However, Fang Yuan had long forged a will of steel. This sort of sleep-deprived exhaustion was nothing to him.

Immediately, he shoved away the thin silk blanket and got up neatly. He opened the window and found that the spring rain had stopped.

The fragrance of the earth, trees, and wildflowers greeted him. Fang Yuan felt his head clear, the sleepiness washing away. Right now the sun had not yet risen. The sky was still a deep blue, neither dark nor bright.

Looking around, the tall houses made of green bamboo and wood contrasted with the mountain, forming a sea of pale green.

The tall houses had at least two floors; they were buildings unique to mountain folk. Due to the mountain’s uneven terrain, the first floor consisted of massive wooden stakes forming a support structure; the second floor and above was where the people resided. Fang Yuan and his brother Fang Zheng stayed on the second floor.

“Young master Fang Yuan, you’re awake. I will come upstairs and wait for you to wash up.” At this moment, a maiden’s voice floated up from downstairs.

Looking down, Fang Yuan saw his own personal servant — Shen Cui.

Her looks were only slightly above average, but she dressed up well. Shen Cui wore a green robe with long sleeves and trousers, had embroidered shoes on her feet, and her black hair was set with a pearl hairpin. Her body, from head to toe, radiated youthful vitality.

She looked happily at Fang Yuan as she carried a basin of water and walked upstairs. The water was perfectly warm and was used to wash his face. After rinsing his mouth, he used a willow twig and snow salt to clean his teeth.

Shen Cui served him gently, her face wearing a smile and her eyes lively as spring. After he was done, she helped Fang Yuan dress, her plump breasts rubbing against his elbow and back a few times during the process.

Fang Yuan’s face showed no expression; his heart was as calm as water.

This servant girl was nothing but his aunt and uncle’s spy and was a vain, heartless girl. In his previous life, she had enraptured him, but after the Awakening Ceremony when his status plummeted, her attitude flipped and she gave him countless disdainful looks.

When Fang Zheng came over, he was in time to see Shen Cui smoothing the creases on the clothing covering Fang Yuan’s chest. His eyes had a flicker of jealousy.

In these years living together with his older brother, he also had a servant waiting on him. However, his servant was not a youthful girl like Shen Cui, but a fat old woman.

I wonder if one day Shen Cui will wait on me like this? What would it feel like? Fang Zheng thought inside his heart, but he did not dare to speak aloud.

His aunt and uncle’s biased love for Fang Yuan was no secret to anyone. Originally, he did not even have a servant to wait on him. It was Fang Yuan who had taken the initiative and asked for one for Fang Zheng.

Even though, as a member of the household, he was of higher status compared to a servant like Shen Cui, Fang Zheng did not dare underestimate her. Her mother was Mother Shen, caretaker of the entire household. With the full trust of his aunt and uncle, her authority was not small.

“Alright, no need to tidy up.” Fang Yuan impatiently brushed away Shen Cui’s small, soft hands. His clothing had long been tidy; she was just trying to seduce him.

The possibility of Fang Yuan having A grade talent was high. From Shen Cui’s perspective, if she could be his concubine, she would be elevated from servant to master — it was quite a big step.

In his previous life, Fang Yuan had been deceived by her and had feelings for her. After his rebirth, he was clear as a blazing fire, his heart as cold as ice.

“You can leave.” Fang Yuan did not even look at Shen Cui as he tidied up his own sleeve cuffs. Shen Cui pouted slightly, feeling that Fang Yuan’s behavior today was rather odd and upsetting. She wanted to reply in a spoiled way, but scared as she was by his cold and confusing nature, her mouth opened and closed a few times before she ended up saying ‘yes’ and retreating obediently.

“Are you ready?” Fang Yuan asked Fang Zheng.

His younger brother stood at the doorway, his head bowed down to look at his toes. He muttered a light ‘yes’. Fang Zheng had actually been awake since the fourth watch, too nervous to fall back asleep. He had quietly gotten out of bed and gotten ready a long time ago, his lack of sleep showing in the bags under his eyes.

Fang Yuan nodded. In his previous life he was not sure of his younger brother’s thoughts, but in this life how could he not understand? But right now it was meaningless to him, and he lightly said, “Then let’s go.”

The two brothers left the house. On the way, they bumped into many youths of similar age, all in groups of twos and threes, quite clearly heading to the same destination.

“Look guys, those are the Fang brothers.” Their ears picked up the cautious small talk.

“The one walking in front is Fang Yuan, he’s the one who created the poems,” some of them emphasized.

“So that’s him. His face is expressionless as if he has no regard for others, just like the rumors say,” someone said in a sour tone filled with envy.

“Hmph, if you were like him, then you could also act like that!” someone coldly replied, hiding a sort of dissatisfaction.

Fang Zheng listened expressionlessly. He had long been accustomed to this kind of discussion. His head low, he followed quietly behind his older brother. By now the light of dawn had peeked over the horizon, casting Fang Yuan’s shadow over his face. The sun was rising gradually, but Fang Zheng suddenly felt like he was walking into darkness.

This darkness was coming from his older brother. Maybe, in this life, he would never be able to escape from his brother’s shadow.

He felt pressure in his chest, he could barely breathe. For a moment, it even felt like he was suffocating.

Hmph, this talk is a good example of the saying: “A tree that stands out in the forest will be destroyed by the wind”. Talent breeds jealousy, Fang Yuan thought with a sneer as he listened to the gossip around.

No wonder when it was announced that he had C grade talent, he was surrounded by enemies and suffered harsh, disdainful coldness for a long time.

Behind him, he heard Fang Zheng’s breathing getting heavier.

What Fang Yuan did not manage to realize in his previous life, he could perceive with the finest detail in this life. This was the keen insight that he had gained from five hundred years worth of life experiences.

He suddenly thought of his aunt and uncle and how scheming they were. How they gave him Shen Cui to monitor him and handed his younger brother an old wet nurse, and the many other things in life that were different between them. All these actions had intentions — they wanted to cause unhappiness in his younger brother’s heart and instigate a rift between them.

People do not worry about whether they receive little; people worry about whether the things they receive are distributed fairly.

In his previous life he lacked experience, while his younger brother was too foolish and naive. Thus, his aunt and uncle successfully created a rift between them.

After being reborn, with the Awakening Ceremony before him, it seemed like the situation was difficult to change. But Fang Yuan had wisdom and cunning in spades. It was entirely possible to change the outcome.

His younger brother could be suppressed entirely. Shen Cui could be made into a concubine. Don’t forget his aunt and uncle and the clan elders — he had at least several hundred ways of beating them.

But, I don’t feel like doing that… Fang Yuan let out a carefree sigh.

So what if it was his own younger brother? Without familial affection, he was no more than an outsider. Fang Yuan could discard him at any time.

So what if Shen Cui was beautiful? Without love and loyalty, she was no better than a corpse. Keep her as a concubine? She was not worthy.

So what if it was his aunt and uncle, or the clan elders? They were just passers-by in life, why waste effort and energy to beat these people?

Haha.

As long as you don’t get in my way, then you can get lost. I have no need of you.

