Chapter 30: Robbing Again


At the same time, elsewhere in the village.


“Father, Mother, that’s pretty much how things went.” Fang Zheng stood straight, his tone respectful and cautious.


In the hall, Dong Tu and his wife sat in their wide-backed chairs, frowning. Dong Tu’s wife gnashed her teeth. Feeling injustice for Fang Zheng, but also a measure of scorn, she said, “Fang Yuan, that bastard son. Extorting others is one thing, but to think he would not even spare his own younger brother. How heartless! With something as severe as this, I expect he will be expelled from the academy soon.”


“That’s enough, you should talk less.” Dong Tu heaved a deep sigh and told Fang Zheng, “You only lost a single primeval stone, don’t worry. Go to the treasury and get a replacement. You must go and cultivate hard. With your A grade talent, you have a great chance of being the first to reach middle stage. Do not waste the talent that heaven blessed you with; your mother and I look forward to seeing you take first place.”


“Yes, Father and Mother. Your son takes his leave.” Fang Zheng left with a heart full of trepidation.


He secretly thought, Big Brother robbed all the students when he blocked the academy gates today. He created such a terrible commotion, I’m afraid he might really be expelled. If that happens, should I plead his case for him?


Two voices appeared in his head.


One said, No need to plead for him, he even robbed you, despite being his own young brother. Even if he was expelled, it would be his own fault. If Heaven commits a sin, it can be forgiven, but if one commits a sin himself, he deserves to die!


The other said, But he is your very own older brother. Blood is thicker than water. Even if you do not acknowledge him, you still must plead his case, for if you do not, how will others see you? They might think of you as a heartless and ungrateful person.


Seeing Fang Zheng leave the hall, Dong Tu’s wife could not help but exclaim happily, “Husband, we cut off Fang Yuan’s living expenses, and the little bastard finally couldn’t stand it and made a terrible mistake! He actually dared to block the academy gates and fight in public, not to mention stealing from his classmates. This is spitting in the academy elder’s face. I daresay the time for his expulsion is very near.”


However, her husband shook his head. “You think too simply. Fang Yuan will not be expelled. In fact, there may not be any punishment.”


“Why?” she asked, puzzled.


Her husband snorted. “Brawls and fights are encouraged as long as there are no heavy consequences. Did any students die in this fight? No.”


She looked at him, doubtful. “Husband, how would you know there weren’t any casualties? There are always accidents when people fight.”


Dong Tu closed his eyes, leaning against the back of his chair. “Woman, you really are naive. Do you really think the academy elder’s position is just for show? When did the guards start acting? They came out at the last moment. This means that the situation was under control. If someone was heavily injured, they would have rushed over a long time ago, not at the last moment.


“You are not a Gu Master, so you won’t understand. The academy does not forbid brawling among the students; they even encourage it. The more fights there are, the more helpful it will be for their future as Gu Masters. Some students can even create strong bonds through fighting. The elders will not pursue this, it is already routine. If anyone wants to take action on behalf of their children, it will break the rules.”


His wife was dumbfounded. Unsatisfied, she asked, “Then nothing’s going to happen even though he stole so many primeval stones? He’s going to be let go, just like that? So many primeval stones will be a tremendous boost to his cultivation.”


Dong Tu opened his eyes, his face cloudy. “What else can we do? Are you expecting me to go over by myself and take all his primeval stones? However, it’s not like we can’t exploit this. The key to his downfall is that he even stole from his own brother. Fang Zheng is an A grade talent, he will definitely be stronger than Fang Yuan one day. We can use this to widen the rift between them. We’ll lead Fang Zheng away from Fang Yuan for our own benefit!”


•••


Three days passed.


The commotion caused by Fang Yuan’s extortion did not spread or grow bigger. Instead, it gradually died down.


No elders broke the rules and came to find trouble for Fang Yuan, and the academy elder naturally acted like nothing had happened. A few students refused to accept that they had been beaten, and they challenged Fang Yuan. But after he knocked them down easily, everyone became aware that if they did not train hard in martial arts, they would never beat him.


Among these teenagers, there arose an incredible fervor towards their martial arts training.


The martial arts instructor was overjoyed; he had never seen a batch of students so enthusiastic and dedicated to martial arts. Before, when he would teach, the students were yawning in boredom. But now, they would constantly seek advice, eyes brimming with vigor.


The academy elder specially came over to inquire about the situation.


The martial arts instructor reported excitedly, “The students have been showing unexpected enthusiasm, it is night and day compared to before. Only one student among them, Fang Yuan, remains as lazy as ever.”


The academy elder laughed and patted the instructor’s shoulders. “The student that you speak of is the cause of the other students’ transformation.”


The martial arts instructor was puzzled. But of course, there were more changes than that.


After the incident, Fang Yuan had undoubtedly become the public enemy of the entire student body. Everyone was hostile towards him and he was isolated. No longer did anyone speak to him, and no one greeted him.


The youths exerted all their effort, training their basic techniques privately. With their parents’ and elders’ encouragement, they had decided that they must reclaim their honor by their own hands.


Under the calm surface, an undercurrent was surging.


Another four days passed.


The academy elder passed out the primeval stone allowance once more, and the time for Fang Yuan to act came again.


“Fang Yuan, once wasn’t enough for you, you want to take our primeval stones again?!” The students were shocked and angry as Fang Yuan blocked them at the gates once more.


Fang Yuan stood in the middle of the entrance, his hands behind his back, his expression cold and tone flat. “One primeval stone per person and you’ll be spared of physical pain.”


“Fang Yuan, enough of your bullying. I want to challenge you!” Mo Bei roared angrily, coming out first.


“Oh?” Fang Yuan raised his eyebrows slightly.


Mo Bei raised his fists and rushed forward. After a few moves, he fainted and fell to the ground.


“Mo Bei, you’re too useless! Watch me!” Chi Cheng yelled loudly and dashed towards Fang Yuan. In moments, he followed in Mo Bei’s footsteps.


Fang Yuan’s battle experience was ten thousand times greater than theirs. Although his body had only just started cultivating, every strike was calculated, every bit of strength used to its greatest effect. Meanwhile, this bunch of students had only started their journey. If they came at him together, they might still be able to bring him a little trouble. But with them coming up to challenge him one by one, it was more relaxing than the first time.


After fifteen minutes, Fang Yuan leisurely walked away with a bulging money bag, leaving behind a field of bodies. Some of them were lying motionless, and some were holding their bellies or clutching their crotches as they moaned and howled.


“Brothers, time to come up and sweep the field!” the guards shouted as they all rushed over.


