Chapter 31: In Big Trouble


“I’ve trained hard in basic martial arts for seven days, but to think I only managed to endure two strikes from Fang Yuan before he knocked me out. Shame, unforgivable shame!” Mo Bei exclaimed, full of anguish and regret.


He stood in his family’s garden facing a wooden puppet, unleashing furious punches and kicks that caused loud thunks.


Suddenly, he heard laughter. “Little Brother, do you have deep hatred for the puppet? Why the great resentment?”


Upon hearing this familiar voice, Mo Bei relaxed and stopped attacking. He turned his head. “Sister, you’re back!”


“Yes, I’m finally back from my ten day investigation…” Mo Yan continued laughing. She was Mo Bei’s blood-related sister, a rank two middle stage Gu Master.


But soon, her face turned grim, her eyes sharp as she gazed at Mo Bei. “Brother, what’s with those bruises on your face? Who bullied you?”


“Ah, it’s nothing. I accidentally tripped and fell.” A hint of panic flashed across Mo Bei’s face as he came up with an excuse. He did not wish for his sister to know of his embarrassment, the fact that the Mo family’s future heir and family head, Mo Chen’s own beloved grandson, was knocked out twice in combat. The only balm to his feelings was that everyone else had been defeated as well.


“Oh, you have to be more careful in that case. As for your combat training, this won’t do. You don’t have a Gu that enhances your defense right now, so you need to wrap your limbs and fists in cloth strips to protect yourself. This will keep you from getting hurt,” Mo Yan instructed before leaving.


“Hello, Young Miss!”


“Good morning, Young Miss!”


“Young Miss is back! Your servant greets you, miss!”


Mo Yan hastened through the hallways with a cold demeanor, and the servants she met on the way bowed and paid respects to her without fail.


She reached the study. Without any warning, Mo Yan pushed the door and entered. Inside the room, Mo Chen was practicing his calligraphy, his back facing her.


“You’re back?” Mo Chen asked without turning. “What is the situation with the wolves’ den?”


“How did you know it was me, Grandfather?” Mo Yan gasped, slightly taken aback.


“Hmph. In the entire family, you’re the only person that dares to enter my room without even knocking once. Who else can it be besides you, my beloved granddaughter?” Mo Chen turned, reprimanding her, but his face showed traces of concern and warmth, and he looked at Mo Yan with a smile.


Mo Yan pouted. “When it comes to doting, you actually adore my little brother more. However, since he’s the future family head, you’re more strict on him, so nobody can tell.”


After a pause, she asked, “Grandfather, Little Brother was beaten up! I asked him and he lied about the situation, so I had no choice but to come to you.”


Mo Chen’s face turned serious. “You have not answered my question.” He set aside his brush and sat down.


Mo Yan reluctantly reported, “The wolves’ den is almost full, so by the current breeding rate, while there won’t be an outbreak this year, there will definitely be a wolf tide next year.”


Mo Chen inquired again, “Generally, there’s an outbreak every three years, so that’s no surprise. However, within that horde, how many Thunder Crown Wolves are there?”


“Around three.”


Mo Chen nodded, feeling assured. The Thunder Crown Wolves were the head of the pack, and were the most troublesome to deal with during an outbreak.


Three wasn’t too many, since Qing Mao Mountain had three clans. Each village could handle one wolf, and the pressure of the outbreak would be greatly reduced.


“Grandfather, you still haven’t told me about what happened to my little brother!” Mo Yan pursued again.


“I suppose there’s no reason I can’t tell you. He was beaten up. The first time was seven days ago, and the second time happened today. It happened in front of the school gates, and he was beaten until he sprawled on the ground and fainted on both occasions,” Mo Chen replied, laughing.


“Who has the guts to knock out my little brother?” Mo Yan demanded with a glare.


“He’s a classmate of Mo Bei’s called Fang Yuan. He fights really well…” Mo Chen snickered.


Mo Yan’s eyes widened, and she replied in confusion, “Grandfather, what are you saying? He’s your own grandson!”


Mo Chen stared deeply at his granddaughter and spoke meaningfully. “Mo Yan, my dear, you are a girl, so you may not understand. Defeat and humiliation only serve as fuel for improvement. Without failure, one can never develop and grow into a true, mature man.


“Mo Bei was defeated, and that is his own failure. Once he acknowledges his failings, he will ask for fighting techniques from the teachers. This is a sort of improvement, and this improvement comes from Fang Yuan, who beat the realization into him. As his sister, if you really care for and want to protect your brother, you should not interfere with his growth. Fang Yuan is just a boy with C grade talent, while Mo Bei has B grade talent. With us supporting him, he will step over Fang Yuan and drive him into the ground eventually.


“Leave Fang Yuan to Mo Bei. In a woman’s life, she needs a family and a lover. But for a man, a family is not a necessity; what he cannot lack is a rival. Do not find trouble with him, do you hear me? This is a matter between the students. If you get involved, it will be seen as bullying. Breaking the rules like that will cause our family to be looked down upon.”


Mo Yan’s mouth opened and closed repeatedly, but under Mo Chen’s gaze, she finally lowered her head. “Yes Grandfather, your granddaughter understands.”


She staggered out of the study room, but even Mo Chen did not notice her eyes glinting ominously.


Grandfather, that’s your way of loving your grandson. And I have my own methods.


•••


In the inn’s dining room, several tables were occupied by people having their supper, making the place rather lively. A couple of waiters rapidly moved between tables, serving the meals.


Fang Yuan sat near a window. He ordered a few dishes and ate while gazing at the sunset.


The sun was already halfway gone; its light spreading out over the mountain longingly, like it was reluctant to leave.


The land was already veiled by seeping nightfall. The streets nearby were full of people who were going home. Some of them were barefoot, some were muddy farmers, some were herb pickers, some were hunters carrying the day’s prey, and some were Gu Masters. These last ones wore blue uniforms, complete with a headband and a waist belt, looking clean and spirited.


The belt had a specific function. For rank one Gu Masters it was a green belt. There was a bronze plate at the front, and the number “1” was inscribed on it. For rank two Gu Masters, their belt was red, and the steel plate in the middle showed the number “2”.


Sitting at the side of the window, Fang Yuan observed that there were six to seven rank one Gu Masters, and they were mostly young men. There was also a rank two Gu Master, a middle aged man.


As for rank three Gu Masters, they were the family elders. And rank four would be the clan head, the lord of a village.


Rank five Gu Masters were hardly seen, and in the entire history of the Gu Yue Clan, only the founder and the fourth generation clan head had reached this level.


Actually, finding out a clan’s strength is very simple. Just find a spot in the village, settle down, and observe the people for a few hours. See how many rank one and rank two Gu Masters there are, and you’ll be able to see the clan’s strength and wealth. Fang Yuan came to a conclusion with his accumulated knowledge.


Using Gu Yue Village as an example, there were around twenty people walking on the streets at any one time, and six were Gu Masters. In these six, there was a 50% chance of having one rank two Gu Master.


With this strength and capital, the Gu Yue Clan managed to monopolize one of the best locations on Qing Mao Mountain. But this mountain was just a small corner of the Southern Border. The Gu Yue Clan was merely a middle-low-tier clan.


I have only just started my cultivation, and with just rank one initial stage, I do not even have the qualifications to roam the Southern Border. I need at least rank three cultivation to be able to survive outside the village, Fang Yuan thought, sighing as he consumed his dinner.


Qing Mao Mountain was too small. It could not contain his ambitions, and he was determined to leave.


“Haha, Gu Yue Fang Yuan, I have finally found you!” At that moment, a middle-aged man laughed deviously as he approached.


“Hmm?” Fang Yuan turned slightly to see a man with a yellowish skin tone and hanging brows. His body was massive, and he had clearly bulging muscles. He strode over to Fang Yuan with his arms crossed and proudly stared down at the youth, who was still consuming his dinner, with a hint of hostility.


“Fang Yuan, you’ve gotten yourself in big trouble, do you know that? Heh heh heh, you have dared to strike the young master of the Mo family, and now our young miss is here to settle the score with you,” the middle-aged man snickered. He stared at Fang Yuan, looking him up and down as he faintly emitted a threatening aura.


