Chapter 32: Making Fun


If a normal person was being stared at by this middle-aged man, they might have already started trembling.

However, Fang Yuan lost interest after looking at him for a second and continued focusing on his meal, treating the man as if he were invisible.

“Who’s that guy? He wears the clothing of a family servant, and he is not a Gu Master. Why would he dare to question Young Master Fang Yuan?” an employee wondered as he hid in a corner of the inn, sensing that the situation might turn ugly.

“Hmph, he’s like a fox assuming a tiger’s ferocity! By using the Mo family name, this servant dares to make trouble with a Gu Master. If it were any other mortal man, they wouldn’t have the guts to do this,” another employee replied in disdain.

“Even so, as a mere mortal, he has the guts to provoke a Gu Master. That must feel pretty good.”

“Tch, you shouldn’t think that a Gu Master is always high and mighty. Young Master Fang Yuan is merely rank one initial stage, and he has only just managed to refine his vital Gu. If they were to fight now, he might not be a match for a strong mortal like this man.”

“Let’s just hope that when they fight later, they will spare our inn and the furniture.”

The employees chattered back and forth, but none dared to take a step forward, only watching from a distance.

“Eh, you still have the mood to continue eating?” Seeing as how he did not manage to intimidate or scare Fang Yuan, a hint of doubt crept into the middle-aged man’s eyes. “Do you think I’m lying to you? There are already people reporting to Young Miss, and she will be here shortly. Do not attempt to run, young lad, because you won’t be able to get away. My job here is to make sure you stay put. There will be much suffering for you later.”

Fang Yuan paid no heed to the man and continued eating his meal.

The middle-aged servant frowned as he did not see a hint of panic or shock from Fang Yuan. He felt ignored, his pride severely offended.

He had been a servant in the Mo family for over a decade, and he had acquired the trust of his master. Over such a long period, he naturally came to learn some things about Gu Masters.

Rank one Gu Masters mostly relied on their physical combat skills. In battle, their Gu’s worth was attributed more to their deterrence factor than as a primary fighting method.

He knew especially that, for a young Gu Master like Fang Yuan who had just started cultivating, his physical strength was far inferior to that of a grown man. If it came down to close combat, he would have the advantage, having trained for many years.

At the same time, as far as he knew, Fang Yuan had only refined the Moonlight Gu, so at worst, he would only be able to throw a few moonblades.

The middle-aged man had been used as a sparring partner for Gu Masters, so he knew deeply that if a rank one initial stage Gu Master were to throw a moonblade, the most it could do was cut several palm-sized wounds and cause limited damage if it managed to hit a human body.

Additionally, the man had the backing of the Mo family, so when he confronted Fang Yuan, he had no fear. He was wholeheartedly trying to show his worth to his masters so that he could be rewarded and deemed more useful to the family.

“Young lad, you sure are courageous.” The middle-aged man’s tone was turning unfriendly as he folded up his sleeves, revealing his well-toned and muscular forearms. They were even thicker than Fang Yuan’s legs, full of scars, and the veins on them were bulging.

The inn employees watched in fear, and several customers were already getting up, paying their bills and leaving this land of conflict.

“Fang Yuan has been found?” Suddenly, a prideful female voice echoed from beyond the door.

Mo Yan strode into the inn. Behind her were numerous family servants.

Her figure was decent, slightly tall, and had the proper curves. But her Mo bloodline had given her a long face like a horse, caused her looks to be greatly affected, and thus she was only moderately beautiful.

However, she wore a dark blue uniform, and a red belt affixed with a square steel plate was tied around her waist. The steel plate was engraved with a “2”.

Additionally, she had just returned from a clan mission, so there were still lingering traces of the hardship that she had just gone through.

These things together gave her an air of danger that spread out to her surroundings. Thus, once she stepped into the inn, the entire place went silent.

“Your servant Gao Wan greets you, Young Miss!” The middle-aged man changed his attitude completely upon seeing Mo Yan. He tried to smile charmingly and he bent his body as he walked a few steps and kneeled on the floor, greeting Mo Yan.

Upon seeing this change in behavior, the workers in the inn could only stare in shock, mouths wide-open.

His tall and muscular figure was such a mismatch with his humble, even groveling attitude that it was almost funny. But the employees of the inn did not laugh, as his behavior only emphasized Mo Yan’s imposing aura and status.

Some of the inn workers could not help but worry for Fang Yuan, as he was one of their biggest customers. If something were to happen to him and he became unable to patronize the inn any further, it would be a huge loss.

More of them were secretly praying for Fang Yuan to surrender. If a fight really broke out and destroyed the inn’s property, that would be even worse.

Mo Yan did not even take a look at the groveling servant; her eyes were fixed on Fang Yuan. She took a few steps forward and demanded fiercely, “So, you are Fang Yuan? You seem to be having a good meal. Hehehe, have you ever had a knuckle sandwich? I’ll give you a taste of it, it might be even more delicious.”

Even though she said that, Mo Yan did not make a move.

Fang Yuan was too calm. It was strange. Did he have any secret backers that were protecting him?

But that shouldn’t be the case, I checked before coming. This Fang Yuan only has an uncle and aunt that dislike him, while both his parents are deceased, and he even got chased out of the house. In addition, he’s only C grade, so how could such a weak young man have any sort of background? Mo Yan thought.

Regardless, the situation was still too peculiar. She had to test and probe further. Suddenly, Fang Yuan laughed and glanced at Mo Yan. “Who told you I was Gu Yue Fang Yuan?”

Mo Yan was momentarily stunned, then she looked at Gao Wan.

He had just stood up, but upon seeing this he immediately kneeled back down with sweat pouring down his face. He stammered and could not give a coherent reply. “Master, your servant, your servant…”

They had a drawing of Fang Yuan, but they did not know that Fang Yuan and Fang Zheng were twins that looked almost identical.

No wonder this young man is fearless. He is actually Fang Zheng and not Fang Yuan, Mo Yan’s servants thought.

Fang Yuan cannot be compared to Fang Zheng. The former is merely a C grade loner with no background. However, the latter has A grade talent and was pulled into the clan head’s faction at the Awakening Ceremony. As long as he grows smoothly, he has a bright future ahead! Mo Yan did not get a proper reply from Gao Wan, causing her to be even more hesitant.

At this point, the only ones who knew Fang Yuan’s identity were the inn employees. However, they could not afford to offend either party, so they just kept their mouths shut.

Fang Yuan was satiated from his meal. He stood up and glanced lightly at Mo Yan, “You want to find Fang Yuan? Come with me, I’ll bring you to the school dorms to look for him.”

If the person in front of me is Fang Zheng, I would not want to offend him. However, even if he is really Fang Yuan, I will follow him closely on this trip so I have no fear of him escaping. In an instant, Mo Yan made up her mind.

“Alright, I will go with you to the dorms. After you!” Mo Yan turned to make space for Fang Yuan, stretching out her arm and indicating for Fang Yuan to take the lead.

Fang Yuan laughed nonchalantly and strode forth. Mo Yan followed closely behind with her servants trailing at the back.

“So close!”

“They’re finally gone!”

“Even if they start fighting, it is none of our inn’s business anymore.”

The employees that were left behind all sighed in relief as they patted their chests.

A group of people approached the school dormitories.

“Halt!”

“Stop right there, only our clan’s Gu Masters may enter.” The two guards at the door stopped Fang Yuan, Mo Yan, and her gang.

“Insolent! Do you not recognize who I am? How dare you stop me!” Mo Yan shouted, glaring at them.

“We dare not,” the two guards hurriedly gestured.

“Young Miss Mo Yan, we hold you in high regard. However the clan rules are absolute, so how about this. You can bring one servant in. This is the most we can do for you,” the more elderly guard politely responded.

Mo Yan clicked her tongue. Her heart was full of dissatisfaction, yet she did not dare break the clan rules.

The Mo family was prosperous, and thus they had many enemies. The Chi family could not be disregarded. Apart from them, the clan head’s faction also wanted to get a hold on the Mo family.

“All of you stay behind. Gao Wan will follow me.” Thinking for a moment, Mo Yan gave her orders.

Gao Wan immediately held his chest high with a look of joy on his face. “Thank you, Young Miss, for the opportunity!”

“Let’s go, Junior.” Mo Yan smiled at Fang Yuan with a questioning look.

Fang Yuan remained unfazed as he led them in. He reached the dormitory door, opened the lock and pushed the door open.

He then took a step into the room and stopped.

Within the room, there was nothing extra. It was all simple furniture, and there was no one else.

Mo Yan stood at the doorstep, took a look inside and her face turned grim. “Junior, you better explain yourself, there is no one in the room!”

Fang Yuan smiled faintly. “Aren’t I someone?”

Mo Yan stared at Fang Yuan, her eyes flashing. “I am looking for Gu. Yue. Fang. Yuan!”

Fang Yuan snickered. “You know, I never said that I wasn’t Gu Yue Fang Yuan.”

