Chapter 33: Taunt All You Want


“Hmm?” Mo Yan frowned, then her rage burst forth almost instantly as she understood that she had been fooled.


“You are tremendously brave to even consider lying to me!” She stretched out her right hand to grab hold of Fang Yuan.


Fang Yuan stood firmly on the spot. He raised his head, laughing, and said, “Mo Yan, you’d better think this through!”


Mo Yan stopped. While she still stood right outside the door, her outstretched hand paused in midair and her face showed a trace of hesitation and resentment.


The clan had relevant rules. Students in the school were protected, and no one was allowed to enter the dormitories and capture a student without permission. Mo Yan only wished to teach Fang Yuan a lesson and let him bear a taste of suffering. She definitely did not want to risk getting punished for breaking the rules.


If the consequences fell solely on me, it would still be fine. However, it would affect the family and even Grandfather’s honor… Mo Yan reluctantly withdrew her arm. She looked at Fang Yuan, who was inside the room, with bloodshot eyes. If her gaze could shoot fire, it would burn Fang Yuan to ashes in an instant.


“I never lied to you. I said I would bring you to Fang Yuan, and now you have found him here. It seems you have something to say to me.” Fang Yuan smiled faintly as he stood with his arms behind his back, ignoring the pressure of a rank two Gu Master and fearlessly meeting Mo Yan’s furious gaze.


He was just a step apart from her. One stood within the room, and one remained outside. But at the same time, the distance between them had become as far as the east from the west.


“Hehehe, oh Fang Yuan, you have certainly studied the clan rules thoroughly,” Mo Yan said with a sinister smile, suppressing her anger. “Unfortunately for you, even while relying on the rules, all it will do for you is stall for time. There is no way you will stay in the dormitories forever. Let’s see how long you can stand hiding in there.”


Fang Yuan laughed and looked at Mo Yan with disdain. “Then all the more, I want to see how long you can disturb me. Ah, it is already late. I have a bed to sleep in, but what about you? If I don’t show up for class tomorrow and the elders come to investigate, what do you think I will say?”


“You!” Mo Yan flew into a rage. She pointed at Fang Yuan, barely restraining herself. “Do you really think I won’t dare come in and get you?”


Squeak.


Fang Yuan opened the doors of his room wide, his lips breaking into a grin, his eyes dark like the abyss and his tone full of confidence, as if the situation was within his grasp. ”Then show me.”


“Hehehe…” At that, Mo Yan instead calmed down. Her eyes narrowed as she looked at Fang Yuan. “Do you think I’ll fall for your goading?”


Fang Yuan shrugged. He had already seen through Mo Yan’s personality.


If he had closed the door, or even half shut it, Mo Yan had at least a 50% chance of breaking into the house. But when he purposely opened it fully, it had instead made her more wary and calm. Thus, there was barely any chance of her forcing her way in anymore.


Five hundred years of experience had already made him fully aware of the nature of humans and their weaknesses.


He grandly turned around, exposing his back fully to Mo Yan. If she struck now, she would definitely be able to capture him in one swift action. However, she stood motionless outside the door, as if there were an invisible mountain blocking her way.


Even after Fang Yuan sat in his bed, Mo Yan only glared at him and gritted her teeth. She did not make a move.


This is the pathetic side of humans. Fang Yuan sat up and stared at Mo Yan, who stood outside looking like a fool. At times, what prevents someone from taking action is not physical difficulty, but instead the restrictions they have placed on themselves subconsciously.


When comparing cultivation levels, Fang Yuan was definitely not her match at this point in time. But even with her rank two cultivation, she could only stare at Fang Yuan and had no courage to make a move. She was only a few steps away, and the door was wide open. What restricted her was nothing other than herself.


Humanity sought knowledge relentlessly to understand the world and to comprehend the rules, ultimately to use them. If one is constantly bound by the rules, thus being restricted by the very knowledge they sought, that is the ultimate tragedy. Fang Yuan took a final look at Mo Yan before closing his eyes and letting his consciousness sink into his primeval sea.


He dares to cultivate right in front of me! He is simply doing as he pleases! Mo Yan felt frustration erupting in her chest, making her almost want to vomit blood.


She badly wanted to go and give him a few punches!


But she knew she couldn’t.


Mo Yan suddenly felt a hint of regret. Standing outside the door, she felt the awkwardness of not being able to back down.


She was too indignant to give up now, but if this continued, she would only be humiliated. She had mobilized her servants to come and teach Fang Yuan a lesson, yet in the end, she would be the one who ended up becoming a laughingstock.


Especially when there was a servant looking at her now.


Damn it! Fang Yuan is way too uncooperative! He’s too sly! Mo Yan thought in fury. She started to provoke him with all sorts of insults, hoping to force him out of the room.


“Fang Yuan you brat, come out if you’re a man!”


“Fang Yuan, as a man, you must own up to your own doings. Now you’re being a coward by hiding in that room, do you not feel ashamed of yourself?”


“Stop pretending to ignore me, get out if you know what’s good for you!”


“You cowardly, spineless trash!”


Fang Yuan turned a deaf ear and did not give a single response.


After taunting him for a while, instead of venting her anger, she felt even more irritated. She was starting to feel like a clown or a shrew; blocking the door was just too embarrassing.


AHHHHH, this is going to be the death of me! Mo Yan was about to go crazy, and she finally gave up on provoking Fang Yuan.


“Fang Yuan, you can hide now, but you can’t hide from me forever!” She furiously stomped the ground and left indignantly. Before leaving, she gave a final order. “Gao Wan, stand there and watch him! I do not believe he will not leave the room.”


“Yes, Master!” the muscular servant, Gao Wan, rapidly replied and sent Mo Yan off. Within his heart he was feeling bitter — the mountain was chilly and breezy at night, and he would have to stand guard the entire time. It would be easy to catch a cold like this. It was not an easy task.


Swish swoosh…


Within the primeval sea, the ebb and flow of the tides raged on.


Green copper primeval essence gathered, forming into tidal waves. Under Fang Yuan’s mental guidance, the waves endlessly crashed towards the surrounding aperture walls.


A rank one initial stage Gu Master’s aperture walls resembled a white barrier of light. Right now, with the green copper primeval essence crashing towards them, they flickered with light and shadow, creating a beauty that was hard to describe.


Time passed gradually and the level of the primeval sea slowly decreased.


From the original 44%, it dropped to 12%.


To raise their cultivation level, a Gu Master has to expend their primeval essence to nurture their aperture. Initial stage Gu Masters have light walls, while middle stage Gu Masters have water walls, and for upper stage, they have stone walls. To cultivate from initial stage to middle stage, I will have to nurture the light walls into water walls.


From his past life, Fang Yuan had complete familiarity with the stages of cultivation, and the methods were as clear as day to him.


He slowly opened his eyes, only to see that it was already late into the night.


The crescent moon hung high in the sky, the moonlight shining pure as water.


The door was wide open and the moonlight shone in, letting Fang Yuan think of a famous poem from Earth.


On a quiet night I saw the moonlight before my couch,


and wondered if it were not frost on the ground.[1]


The night winds blew in with a hint of chilliness.


Fang Yuan did not have any Gu to warm himself, and with just the body of a fifteen-year-old, he could not help but shiver slightly.


The night on the mountain was very cold.


“Scoundrel, you finally opened your eyes. How long are you planning to cultivate there?! Get out, you’ll be punished regardless. You beat up Young Master Mo Bei, so it’s only a matter of time before Young Miss teaches you a lesson.” Seeing that Fang Yuan had woken up, Gao Wan, who was standing at the door, roused himself.


Fang Yuan’s eyes narrowed; it seemed that the rank two female Gu Master had left?


“Scoundrel, did you hear me? Hurry and come out here! You have a room to stay in and a bed to sleep in, but I have to stand here all night. If you don’t come out soon, do you think I won’t barge in?!” Seeing no reaction from Fang Yuan, Gao Wan threatened him.


Fang Yuan remained unfazed.


“Scumbag, come out and surrender yourself. You’ve offended the Mo family, you will not have any good days from now on. Hurry and apologize to Young Miss and maybe she just might forgive you,” Gao Wan continued.


Fang Yuan did not listen to a single word. He took out a primeval stone from his bag and held it in his hands, finally closing his eyes again.


Seeing that he was going to continue cultivating, Gao Wan was anxious and broke into a fit. “You mere C grade, the most you can achieve in life is rank two! What is there to cultivate? You are no match for the entire Mo family by yourself! Kid, are you deaf? Did you listen to a single word I said?!”


* * *


[1]. ‘Quiet Night Thought’ (《靜夜思》) by Li Bai.


