Chapter 34: Suppressive Beating!


Fang Yuan paid no heed to the man and started to multitask. He simultaneously absorbed the natural essence from the primeval stone and observed his aperture.

The primeval sea level, fallen from his night of cultivation, began to slowly rise again. This form of recovery was a bit slow, but Fang Yuan was in no hurry.

Cultivation was meant to be cumulative; it could not be rushed.

The urgent matter at hand was, in fact, the middle-aged servant outside the house.

After half an hour, Fang Yuan’s green copper primeval sea reached 44%, the maximum capacity it could hold. But that was not the end.

At this point, the primeval sea was jade green initial stage primeval essence. When he had nurtured his aperture walls earlier, he had used middle stage pale green primeval essence, courtesy of the Liquor Worm.

Liquor Worm. With a thought, the insect flew out of the primeval sea and hovered in mid-air, curling up and resembling a white rice ball.

Swoosh.

10% of his initial stage primeval essence was deployed and sent into the Liquor Worm’s body, and soon a surge of liquor mist emerged from the Liquor Worm’s body and congregated into a cloud.

Once more, Fang Yuan deployed 10% of his primeval essence and invested it into this liquor mist. Once the mist had been fully expended, the original 10% initial stage primeval essence was reduced to 5%, and at the same time the color changed from jade green to pale green.

In order to advance their cultivation, ordinary students all use initial stage primeval essence. However, I’ll be using middle stage, which is at least twice as efficient. Similarly, when using middle stage primeval essence to activate the Moonlight Gu and throw a moonblade, it will be far stronger than activating it using initial stage primeval essence.

Only when all the primeval essence in his primeval sea had been converted to middle stage primeval essence did Fang Yuan open his eyes.

Time passed in the blink of an eye when cultivating, and at this point it was already midnight. The sky was not black, but instead a deep, dark blue. The moon was no longer visible, and only a few lingering stars remained.

The door had sat open for several hours, and a corner of the threshold was darkened with water, condensed by the cold of the night.

This was a disadvantage of the dormitories. Unlike houses in the rest of the village, which were raised up on supports, the dorms were built directly on the ground and were more exposed to the mountain’s humidity.

Coming back to reality, Fang Yuan felt a chill envelop his body. After sitting cross-legged for such a long time, both his legs felt numb. He opened his clenched right fist and scattered a handful of white stone powder.

This was all that was left of the primeval stone after its essence had been fully absorbed.

After a night of cultivation, I have expended three primeval stones, Fang Yuan calculated in his mind.

He had C grade talent, so in order to pursue faster cultivation speed, he used primeval stones to replenish his primeval essence. More crucially, he had used the Liquor Worm to refine his primeval essence.

This greatly increased his expenditure.

Although I plundered more primeval stones yesterday, a night of cultivation cost me three stones. Although it might seem that I have a lot of resources, I’m burning through them just as quickly. This is the price I have to pay for pursuing cultivation speed and efficiency.

Fang Yuan looked outside the room again, only to see Gao Wan, the muscular servant, squatting in a corner with his body curled up, seemingly fallen asleep.

Looks like that rank two female Gu Master left long ago, leaving this Gao Wan here to keep a watch on me. Hehe. Fang Yuan smiled coldly as he got off the bed and began to exercise his limbs.

Once his body had warmed up, he left the room.

“Lad, you finally decided to come out. So how about it? Obediently surrender and leave with me to bow and apologize to our young miss.” Gao Wan’s ears caught Fang Yuan’s footsteps and he stood up immediately.

He was almost twice the size of Fang Yuan. The muscles in his body tightened and his brow furrowed. Beneath them were a pair of cruel eyes shining with evil light, resembling a starving hyena.

Fang Yuan expressionlessly walked towards him.

“Lad, you should have come out earlier. Do you know how much suffering I endured to stand guard here?” he snickered as he approached Fang Yuan, evidently planning something sinister.

At that moment, Fang Yuan shouted, and with a ferocious leap he rushed towards Gao Wan, fists at the ready.

“Bastard, you’re courting death!!” Gao Wan’s face distorted as his anger rose. He raised his brick-sized fist and punched towards Fang Yuan.

It was a powerful punch, smashing through the air, sundering the wind.

Fang Yuan’s eyes shone clear as crystal. Seeing the fist approaching, he sidestepped and shifted to Gao Wan’s side. Stretching out a finger, he struck towards Gao Wan’s waist.

Gao Wan blocked with his retracted arm — Fang Yuan missed his target, and ended up striking Gao Wan’s blocking left forearm.

His finger felt painful and numb, like it had hit a steel plate.

This Gao Wan has already approached the limits of a mortal’s physical prowess. Right now, I can only use the Moonlight Gu to fight, and without any other Gu worms to assist me, I am not his match in close combat! Fang Yuan’s eyes flashed, and he quickly decided to give up on attacking for a moment. Instead, he retreated a few steps.

In Gu Yue Village, only clansmen had the right to cultivate as Gu Masters. Outsiders, regardless of whether or not they had cultivation talent, could not attend the Awakening Ceremony.

But these mortals could train in physical combat.

Although he was not a Gu Master, Gao Wan had trained vigorously, and his basic skill was steadfast. Additionally, he was a middle-aged man in his physical prime.

Fang Yuan, other than having the Moonlight Gu, had only the body of a fifteen-year-old teenager. Be it strength, agility, or endurance, he was not Gao Wan’s match.

Martial artists like Gao Wan were sufficient to kill a rank one initial stage Gu Master. Even for a rank one middle stage Gu Master, they still posed a certain threat.

This lad is too sneaky! Seeing that Fang Yuan had drawn some distance between them, Gao Wan felt anxious.

The waist was a vital point of the body, and if it was struck properly, it would do great harm. With enough force, it could even be deadly.

Gao Wan had waited outside the room for hours, and his body was infused with the night’s chill, causing his reaction speed to be slightly slower. Hence, the strike earlier had almost succeeded. Fortunately, although he was a bootlicker, he had trained his body hard. At the crucial moment, his reflexes kicked in and he narrowly blocked Fang Yuan’s attack.

I can’t be careless anymore! This lad behaves like a wolf, striking harshly and deviously, taking advantage of any moment of carelessness. No wonder the young master was knocked out by him twice. Gao Wan wiped the sweat off his forehead and cast away all hint of contempt. He started to take his opponent seriously.

If I can capture him, it’d be a great accomplishment. Young Miss is sure to reward me! A rank one initial stage’s moonblade is like a small dagger at best. So as long as it doesn’t hit my vital points, it’ll merely be a light external injury.

Gao Wan’s heart started to beat faster. Stretching out his shovel-like hands, he grabbed at Fang Yuan.

Boom boom boom!

Fang Yuan showed no fear and approached Gao Wan to engage in close combat. They exchanged punches and kicks, taking turns attacking and defending, loud impacts echoing through the area.

When extorting the students, he had only used his palms, with his objective being to control the crowd. But now, when engaging with Gao Wan, Fang Yuan went all out.

He used his fingers to jab at the eyes or the throat, he struck at the jaw with the base of his palm, chopped at the back of his opponent’s head, used his knee to strike at the groin, or grabbed at the waist.

Gao Wan’s sweat poured out like a river.

Fang Yuan’s moves were all aiming at the vital points, each strike devious and deadly, as if he wanted to end Gao Wan’s life!

Gao Wan was a mere mortal, and unlike a Gu Master, his vital points remained vital. Mortals were unable to train their eyelids to become like steel. This was the limit of mortal martial arts.

In addition, Gao Wan did not dare to unleash any deadly moves on Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan was a Gu Yue clansman, so killing him would incur public outrage, and he would be immediately executed. In fact, the Mo family would be the first to carry out his punishment. Thus, his only thought was to capture Fang Yuan alive, and it would be good if he could make Fang Yuan suffer in the process.

One was apprehensive while the other had killing intent. Thus, Fang Yuan suppressed Gao Wan in the fight!

