Chapter 35: Go Ahead and Scream!


Fang Yuan had the upper hand for now, but it could not last much longer.

After that exchange of blows, he was already panting in exhaustion. In contrast, Gao Wan’s breathing was still smooth and deep, reflecting the vast difference in stamina between the two. At the same time, as Gao Wan exercised his limbs, his body gradually heated up. He shook off the numbing cold and began displaying his true skill, honed by decades of training.

“Lad, you are unable to beat me! There are clan rules stating that, within the dorms, you are forbidden from using your Moonlight Gu. You are doomed to be my captive!” Gao Wan laughed maniacally; his fighting experience was rich, so he attempted to use words to cause Fang Yuan’s fighting spirit to waver.

In the end, I’m just a teenager, and I can’t match this servant. Fang Yuan’s state of mind was calm as ice. Having sharpened his will for five hundred years, there was no way his fighting spirit would waver.

Moonlight Gu! He called out in his mind, activating his primeval essence and at the same time leaping backwards to pull away from Gao Wan.

Gao Wan wanted to chase after him, but he suddenly saw a watery-blue light emitting from Fang Yuan’s palm. His face darkened and he shouted, “Lad, you are using a Gu worm to fight in the dorms? This is against the clan rules!”

“So what if I break the rules?” Fang Yuan sneered. He had memorized the clan rules, but not for the sake of obeying them. Immediately, his palm slashed in an arc towards Gao Wan. With a ‘ching’ sound, the blue moonblade flew towards Gao Wan’s face.

Gao Wan gritted his teeth as he raised both arms to cover his face, forming a protective shield. At the same time, he rushed towards Fang Yuan, planning to endure the attack and end the battle as quickly as he could.

The moonblade struck his arm. With a popping sound, his flesh and blood poured out under the moonlight. A wave of extreme pain hit Gao Wan’s nerves. Unprepared, he nearly fainted.

How can this be?! He stopped, and he frightfully found that both his limbs had been cut deeply. Fresh blood oozed out from the wound, bloody muscles hung from his flesh. Even the broken white bones of his forearms could be seen.

Gao Wan was shocked beyond words. This is impossible! A rank one initial stage moonblade should only be able to lightly injure my flesh. How could it cut through my bones? Only rank one middle stage can do this!!

He had no idea. While Fang Yuan was only rank one initial stage, due to the Liquor Worm’s condensing, he possessed rank one middle stage primeval essence.

The Moonlight Gu, activated using middle stage primeval essence, emitted a moonblade far superior to Gao Wan’s prediction.

This is bad, this boy is weird!! Gao Wan, who was caught off-guard, had already suffered a grave injury. His fighting spirit was gone and he immediately decided to retreat.

“Do you think you can escape?” Fang Yuan smiled coldly as he started to give chase, throwing moonblades one after the other.

“Save me!!!” Gao Wan shouted out in horror as he fled, his voice traveling far beyond the dormitories.

“What is going on? Someone is asking for help!” The voice alerted the school guards who were nearby.

“It’s the Mo family’s servant.” The guards who arrived stopped in their tracks upon seeing the chase.

“This is only a servant, there is no need for us to risk protecting him!”

“Letting him stay here was already a favor towards the Mo Family.”

“We still have to be careful, just in case he hurts Fang Yuan in desperation.”

The anxious guards all gathered around, but no one lent a hand to Gao Wan; they only observed from the sidelines.

Even if he died, it had nothing to do with them. However, if Fang Yuan died or got hurt, it would be their responsibility.

Seeing that no aid was coming, Gao Wan despaired. He screamed, ”We are all outsiders! You cannot leave me to die!”

His blood loss was getting more severe, and his speed decreased.

Fang Yuan caught up to him. His voice was cold as ice as it announced Gao Wan’s death sentence. ”Go ahead and scream! It doesn’t matter how loud you are.”

His hand spun as he fired two moonblades towards Gao Wan.

Swoosh, swoosh!

The moonblades flew towards Gao Wan’s neck. The servant lost all hope, seemingly one step from the abyss.

The next moment, he felt that his world was spinning. He actually saw his own feet, chest, back…and his severed neck.

After that, total darkness awaited him.

Gao Wan had died.

Beheaded by two moonblades, his head flew away from the impact. His body continued on for a few meters before falling, and his neck spewed out a fountain of fresh blood, dyeing the surrounding grass a deep red.

“Murder!!!”

“Fang Yuan killed someone!”

The guards could not help but cry out. They had witnessed the entire process, and they felt terror rushing through them.

Fang Yuan was just a weak fifteen-year-old teenager, but he expressionlessly murdered a strong adult. This was the power of a Gu Master!

His victory was complete. Fang Yuan slowed to a walk, stepping towards the corpse.

His face was calm, as if he had done nothing out of the ordinary. This expression sent another shiver down the guards’ spines.

Gao Wan’s head lay on the ground, both eyes wide open.

Fang Yuan stared coldly. He kicked and sent the head flying.

The guards’ eyelids twitched.

Fang Yuan approached the corpse and found that it was still trembling. The blood spread all around, forming a puddle. He looked at Gao Wan’s injuries with a grim expression. These injuries were deep enough to expose the secret that he had middle stage primeval essence.

Once this was revealed, it would be quickly deduced that he had a Liquor Worm, and with that, the clan would naturally think of the Flower Wine Monk.

Thus, Fang Yuan had to keep this secret hidden.

But there are too many onlookers. Fang Yuan’s gaze swept through the nearby guards; there were more than ten of them. He had less than 10% primeval essence left, so there was no way to kill them all.

After pondering for a while, Fang Yuan bent down and raised Gao Wan’s ankle, dragging the corpse away.

“Young Master Fang Yuan, you can leave that to us.” The guards controlled their fear and approached Fang Yuan, speaking politely.

Their respect held a tint of obvious terror.

Fang Yuan silently looked at the guards, and they all held their breaths, not meeting his eyes.

“Give me your sword,” he said, stretching out his hand.

His tone carried an unquestionable aura of command.

The guard closest to him handed over his sword without thinking.

Fang Yuan took the sword and continued walking, leaving behind a dozen stunned guards staring after his back.

The sun rose from the east, and the first ray of light shone over the mountain peak, lighting up the school dormitories.

It shone on a scrawny, pale fifteen-year-old teenager.

Under the sunrise, he casually walked.

In his left hand was a shining sword.

In his right hand, a headless corpse.

He left behind a trail of bright red blood.

The guards were flabbergasted, their bodies stiff from fright.

Even as the sunlight shone on them, they could not feel a trace of warmth.

Gulp.

Someone among them swallowed loudly.

