Chapter 36: Gifting a Corpse


“Did you guys hear? Fang Yuan murdered someone!” a student whispered to a classmate beside him.

“I heard it too, he really killed somebody.” The classmate clenched his chest with a pale face.

“There were many guards who saw him do it. Fang Yuan was chasing after the man. He tried to beg for mercy but Fang Yuan paid him no heed and decapitated him!”

“That’s not all. After killing him, Fang Yuan didn’t even spare his headless corpse. He dragged it back to the dorms and chopped it into meat paste.”

“Are you for real?”

“I’m serious beyond belief. I came early this morning and I could still see the bloodstains left between the cracks of the tiles.”

“Oh man, why would I lie to you? Earlier, the academy elder called Fang Yuan to his office.”

The youths in the academy did not pay attention to class as they held their little conversations.

To this group of fifteen-year-olds, the concept of killing was too foreign and frightening.

They had been under the protection of the clan since they were young, and had at most experienced organized sparring or butchering livestock.

As for killing a person, it was still beyond them.

“Who did Fang Yuan kill?”

“I heard it was a family servant of the Mo branch family.”

“Yup, I’m the clearest about this matter. Yesterday, I personally saw Mo Yan bring a bunch of servants to find trouble with Fang Yuan.”

“The Mo family, that’s not good. Mo Bei is in trouble now.”

A number of them turned to look at Mo Bei.

Mo Bei sat at his desk with a pale face — he had only heard the news this morning. Additionally, it was Gao Wan who was killed, someone that Mo Bei was familiar with. As one of the more energetic family servants, Gao Wan was good at bootlicking and had also put effort into his fighting skills. He was an able lackey.

Some time ago, Gao Wan had even sparred with Mo Bei for a bit. To think that he was simply killed by Fang Yuan!

It was precisely because of this that Mo Bei was so deeply affected. He was full of disbelief and felt twice the shock of everyone else. However, compared to his shock, he felt a greater sense of worry and fear.

Facing a murderer like Fang Yuan, it would be a lie if he said that he was not afraid. Actually, it was not just him — the other youngsters were afraid too. When Fang Yuan had robbed them twice previously, all of them had gotten physical with him.

I actually fought with such a ruthless murderer? To think that I’m actually still alive. Many of them patted their chests, feeling a lingering fear.

Fang Yuan killing someone was still somewhat acceptable, but the crux was that he even dismembered the corpse and chopped the body into meat paste.

That was way too cruel!

Such a horrifying crime had a strong impact on all of their pure and innocent minds.

•••

Within the room, there were only the academy elder and Fang Yuan.

The elder sat, while Fang Yuan stood. Neither of them spoke a word, making the atmosphere extremely tense.

The academy elder silently looked at Fang Yuan, and a hint of complex emotion flashed in his eyes.

In the morning, the guards had reported to him about the murder. This news had made him feel both shocked and suspicious.

He was a rank three Gu Master and was in charge of the academy. He obviously knew the fighting strength of a rank one initial stage Gu Master.

Fang Yuan being able to kill Gao Wan was the weak defeating the strong.

In truth, some guards had already reported to him that Mo Yan had trapped Fang Yuan within the academy the previous night.

Back then, he had not paid attention to the matter and had not stopped them.

He was the academy elder — his objective was to nurture future Gu Masters, not to protect them. As long as there were no deaths among the students, he encouraged hidden conflicts.

Mo Yan coming to find trouble with Fang Yuan was something that he was happy to see. For one, he knew that regardless of whether the fight was won or lost, it would be beneficial to Fang Yuan’s growth. Also, he wanted to suppress Fang Yuan’s influence.

Fang Yuan had consecutively blocked the academy’s gates and robbed the other students. His influence was too great; it had to be suppressed.

However, he hadn’t expected that Mo Yan would return fruitlessly and that the family servant that she had left behind would be unable to beat Fang Yuan. Gao Wan was even killed!

In this world, strength stood above all else. Killing someone was not something peculiar. Especially for a Gu Master, it was very common.

But it was not so simple when it was a fifteen-year-old’s first kill.

The academy elder vividly remembered the first time he had killed someone. Back then, he was rank two. At the age of nineteen, he had killed a Gu Master from Bai Village in a conflict.

Afterward, he had vomited profusely and panicked in his heart. For a few days, he had no appetite. He could not even find peace in his sleep. The moment he shut his eyes, he would see the dead person staring angrily at him.

But looking at Fang Yuan now, his face was calm as ice. Where was his agitation? He showed not a bit of discomfort. It was almost like he had slept perfectly well last night, as if the person who killed a man was not him at all!

It was even stranger when he heard more. After Fang Yuan had killed the servant, he did not spare the corpse. He dragged it back to the dormitory to chop it into meat paste in his rage. It was so vicious, even hearing about it was terrifying!

Thus, at this point, the academy elder looked at Fang Yuan with complicated emotions.

On one hand, he was amazed at Fang Yuan’s indifference towards life; his attitude was as steady and cold as ice. On the other hand, he was appreciative of the fact that Fang Yuan was a born battle-freak. After familiarizing himself with the Moonlight Gu for merely a few days, he had managed to kill someone with it. An ordinary teenager — even if they were an A grade talent — would not be able to do that. This was talent for battle! If he was well-nurtured and fought for the clan, he would be a nightmare for all their enemies.

But also, he felt worried and distressed.

Worried, because after this incident, Fang Yuan’s reputation was sure to rise, and it would be impossible to suppress him. He was far too daring; not only did he disobey the clan rules by using his Gu in the academy, he even killed someone with it. His influence needed to be suppressed. Otherwise, how would the elder be able to manage the academy anymore?

His distress was because he did not know how to perfectly resolve this issue. After all, it involved the Mo branch family.

“Fang Yuan, do you know why I called you here to meet me?” The academy elder used a solemn and deep voice to break the silence in the room.

“I know.” Fang Yuan nodded and replied, “I used my Moonlight Gu in the academy, breaking the clan rules. According to the rules, as it is my first offense, I should be fined thirty primeval stones as punishment.”

He did not mention Gao Wan’s death.

The academy elder was stunned for a second, he had not expected that Fang Yuan would answer like this.

His expression darkened as he coldly snapped, “Don’t try to play dumb! I’ll ask you, what about the matter of Gao Wan’s death?”

Fang Yuan narrowed his eyes and said, “Hmph, this Gao Wan went against his superiors, his intentions were vicious. Last night, not only did he block my door, he even tried to kill me. In self-defense, I was forced to use the Moonlight Gu. Fortunately, I managed to kill this traitor. I suspect that he may have been a spy of the other mountain villages. I implore the elders to investigate this thoroughly!”

Upon hearing this, the academy elder frowned, at a loss for words.

Now that Gao Wan was dead, Fang Yuan could say whatever he wanted. After all, Gao Wan was just an outsider, not a member of the clan. Even if he was dead, it would not matter to the academy elder. However, he was worried about the Mo family’s reaction. Gao Wan was their servant and he had died within the academy. The academy elder was in charge of the academy and had to give the Mo family an explanation.

Thinking for a bit, the academy elder stared at Fang Yuan and questioned him. “Then let me ask you. Gao Wan’s corpse, how did you deal with it?”

Fang Yuan’s lips curled, revealing a cruel smile. “I diced Gao Wan’s corpse and put it inside a wooden box. When morning came, I put it at the Mo family’s back door.”

“What?!” The academy elder was shocked beyond words. He almost jumped from his seat.

Not only did Fang Yuan kill their family servant, he had even chopped up the corpse and placed it at the Mo family’s back door. This was blatant provocation!

To the academy elder, who was trying to resolve this peacefully, it was a true nightmare.

Fang Yuan was just a rank one Gu Master. How would the Mo family react?

The academy elder felt a headache coming on. The matter had already developed out of his control. This Fang Yuan was a true troublemaker.

“Since it has already happened, there’s no point in saying anything else.” The academy elder sighed. “Leave now. Your punishment will come within the next few days, you should prepare yourself.” He was terribly upset. He waved his hand and signaled for Fang Yuan to leave; he needed to think through this calmly to come up with a solution.

