Chapter 37: A Compromise and a Threat


Meanwhile, at the Mo family home.

“What were my instructions to you? See what you did!” In the study, Mo Chen slammed the table, exploding with rage.

Mo Yan stood opposite this old man, her head lowered. Her eyes were full of shock and anger. She had also just received the news that Gao Wan had been killed by Fang Yuan!

He was just a fifteen-year-old, to think he had such methods and determination. Gao Wan was a proud servant of her family and Fang Yuan’s act of killing him was a blatant showing of disrespect towards them!

“Grandpa, you don’t have to be so angry. Gao Wan was only a servant, his death is of no concern. But Fang Yuan, he is too daring. You have to ‘look at the owner before you beat the dog’. Not only did he beat our dog, he even beat it to death!” Mo Yan said indignantly.

Mo Chen furiously scowled. “You still have the cheek to say that! Have your wings grown so tough now that you don’t even take my words to heart, hmm? You have forgotten everything I told you before!”

“I do not dare!” Mo Yan jumped in shock. She knew now that her grandfather was truly angry and quickly kneeled down.

Mo Chen pointed his finger out the window as he scolded her. “Hmph, so what if that servant died. But you are still showing hostility towards Fang Yuan! You short-sighted fool! Do you know the significance of your actions? Fights among juniors are their own business. As elders, we should not interfere. That is the rule! Now that you’ve gone to find trouble with Fang Yuan, it means you are breaking the rules. I can’t tell you how many people are out there now, looking at our family’s disgrace!”

“Grandpa, please calm down, anger is bad for your health. It’s my fault, I burdened the Mo family. Whatever you tell me to do, I will do it! But I can’t take this lying down. Fang Yuan is too despicable, too shameless. First, he tricked me so that he could take refuge in the dorms. Next, he stayed in his room, and no matter how much I taunted him, he would not come out. Once I left, he went ahead and killed Gao Wan. He is extremely sinister and despicable!” Mo Yan reported.

“Oh, is that so?” Mo Chen frowned. This was the first time he had heard this information, and a bright light shone in his eyes.

He took in a deep breath, suppressing his rage, and he stroked his beard. “I’ve heard stories about this Fang Yuan. In his younger years, he was able to make fine poems and songs, showing early intelligence. But to think that he only had C grade talent. It was difficult for him to have a good future, and thus I gave up on recruiting him. But now, it seems that he’s a bit interesting.”

Pausing for a second, Mo Chen rapped the table and ordered, “Someone, bring that box over here.”

The servant outside the door quickly obeyed. Soon, he brought in a box. It was moderately sized and a little heavy. The servant used both hands to carry it and stood beside the study table.

“Grandpa, what is this?” Mo Yan stared at the wooden box and asked doubtfully.

“Why don’t you open it and take a look?” Mo Chen narrowed his eyes, his tone complicated.

Mo Yan stood up, flipped over the wooden lid and looked inside.

Immediately, her face twisted in horror and her eyes went wide. She could not help but take a step back and scream. The wooden lid in her hand also fell to the ground.

Without the lid, the contents of the box were revealed to everyone present.

It was actually a pile of flesh and blood!

The bloody flesh was obviously sliced off piece by piece and placed into the box. Bright scarlet blood had accumulated inside. It was a soup of pale skin and meat, with long strands of intestines, and even pieces of bone, either leg bones or ribs. There were even two fingers and half a toe floating in it.

Blech…

Mo Yan’s beautiful face went pale as she took another step backwards, her stomach turning as she almost vomited on the spot.

She was a rank two Gu Master and had been on clan missions. Despite that, this was the first time that she had seen such a disgusting and twisted scene, even though she had killed people before.

This box obviously contained the corpse of a person, cruelly butchered and stuffed inside.

The scent of blood filled the entire study.

The family servant’s hands shook as he held the box, his complexion pale. Although he had seen the box earlier and vomited before, he could still feel his stomach churning.

Among the three people in the study room, only the family elder Mo Chen was unfazed. He glanced at the contents of the box for a moment and said slowly, “Fang Yuan placed this box at our family’s back door this morning.”

“What, it was really him?!” Mo Yan was extremely shocked as she recalled her brief experiences with Fang Yuan.

The first time was at the inn.

At that time, Fang Yuan sat near the window, quietly eating his meal. His features were bland and his eyes were dark and gloomy. His body was thin, and he was pale in the way that teenagers were.

He looked like such a normal and quiet youth. To think that he had performed such a twisted and insane act!

After her initial shock came furious rage. Mo Yan yelled, “This Fang Yuan is too outrageous, who gave him the guts to do this! This is provocation towards our family! I will go now and bring him here to question him for his crimes!” She immediately headed towards the exit.

“You damned fool, stop right there!” Mo Chen was angrier than she was as he grabbed an inkstone from his desk and threw it at her.

The heavy inkstone hit Mo Yan’s shoulder and clattered to the floor.

“Grandpa!” Mo Yan held her shoulder as she called out in alarm.

Mo Chen stood up, pointing at his granddaughter as he spoke with fury. “It seems like all these years of training were in vain. You have disappointed me greatly! Against a small rank one initial stage Gu Master, not only did you involve so many people, you were even led around by the nose. You’ve let your rage get the better of you. Do you still not understand the meaning behind Fang Yuan’s actions?”

“What meaning?” Mo Yan was puzzled.

Mo Chen snorted. “If Fang Yuan wanted to provoke us, he would have made it impossible to ignore. Why, then, did he place this box at the secluded back door, instead of placing it at the front door where there are many people walking around?”

“Maybe he wants to reconcile with us? No, if he wanted to reconcile, wouldn’t it be better to apologize face to face? Then why would he send us a minced corpse? That is definitely a provocation!” Mo Yan said.

Mo Chen shook his head, then nodded. “He wants to reconcile, but at the same time, he is also provoking us. Placing the wooden box at the back door is his intention to reconcile. Placing the corpse inside the box, that is a provocation.

“You see,” he pointed, “this box is not large enough to hold an entire corpse. Therefore, there can only be a portion of it inside. He is trying to tell us that he does not wish to blow up this matter and wants to settle this amicably. But if our family wants to pursue this matter, he will place the remainder of the corpse at our main entrance and draw everyone’s attention. By that point, it would be a losing situation for both sides. The entire clan knows that we broke the rules first, and everyone would see our future family head as weak, since he actually required his family’s protection.”

Mo Yan was momentarily dumbfounded. She had never expected that Fang Yuan’s actions would have such profound meaning.

“His method is really wise,” Mo Chen said with admiration. “With just one action, he exercised both toughness and softness, giving himself a way to both advance and retreat safely. This is just a simple wooden box, but it not only expresses Fang Yuan’s intention to compromise, but also his ability to pose a threat to our family. And it so happens that he does hold our weakness. If the Mo family’s reputation is tarnished, the Chi family and clan leader’s faction will attack not long after.”

Mo Yan found it unbelievable. “Grandpa, aren’t you thinking too highly of him? Are you sure that he’s capable of this? He’s only fifteen years old.”

“Too highly?” Mo Chen looked at his granddaughter unhappily. “Looks like you’ve had too smooth a life in these past few years. It has fostered your arrogant attitude, and you are unable to clearly see reality. Fang Yuan was unfazed at the danger and deceived you to enter the school. Next, he used his wisdom in the face of danger and hid within the dormitories to avoid trouble. No matter what insult you threw at him, he did not respond: this is his ability to calmly endure. After you left, he killed Gao Wan immediately: this is his bravery and courage. Now he sent this box, clearly showing his wisdom and planning ability. Can you still say that I thought too highly of him?”

Mo Yan listened with wide eyes. She had not expected her grandfather to praise Fang Yuan so much. She said indignantly, “Grandpa, he only has C grade talent.”

Mo Chen sighed deeply. “Yes, he is only C grade. Having such wisdom and yet only C grade talent, it really is a pity. If his talent was higher, even if it was just B grade, he would certainly become an influential member of our clan. What a pity, he is only C grade.”

The old man’s sigh was full of emotion. It held regret, and at the same time a bit of happiness.

Mo Yan was silent, and in her mind, Fang Yuan’s image appeared once again. Under the influence of her grandfather’s praise, Fang Yuan became shrouded in mysterious and vicious shadows.

“You have single-handedly created this problem. How are you going to settle it?” Mo Chen broke the silence, testing her.

Mo Yan pondered for a while before she replied in a cold and aloof tone, “Gao Wan was just a servant, so there are no problems even if he is dead. Fang Yuan is just C grade, so he too is a small matter. What’s important is maintaining the family’s reputation. To handle this, we might as well kill Gao Wan’s entire family to show the entire clan our attitude to protect the rules and regulations.”

“Mmm, you’re able to think of the big picture. Setting aside your personal emotions to defend the interests of family, this is very good. However, your method is still flawed,” Mo Chen analyzed.

“Please enlighten me, Grandpa,” Mo Yan implored.

Mo Chen said solemnly, “You caused this matter, so I shall punish you with seven days of confinement. From now on, do not find trouble with Fang Yuan. Gao Wan defied his superiors — a servant who dares to offend his master deserves death, so he should have been executed for his crimes! Because he is a servant of the Mo family, we are responsible for our inability to educate our subordinate and thus we shall compensate Fang Yuan with thirty primeval stones. As for Gao Wan’s family, give them fifty primeval stones as compensation and expel them from the clan.”

After a short pause, he continued, “For the next seven days, rest well at home and do not go out. At the same time, think about the profound meaning of why I chose to handle the matter this way.”

“Yes, Grandpa.”

