Chapter 38: Demon Walking in the Light


The spring rain fell from the layers of dark clouds that filled the sky.


The raindrops were as thin as hair. As they fell, they enveloped Qing Mao Mountain in a fine mist.


The dining hall on the first floor of the inn was rather empty. There were only four tables with guests.


Fang Yuan sat at a seat by the window. A gust of wind blew, bringing with it a poetic atmosphere and the scent of flowers.


“The light rain from the sky is sleek and crisp,


the color of grass is seen from afar but disappears when close.”[1]


Fang Yuan looked outside through the window and quoted a poem lightly before he turned his attention back to the inn.


Before him was a table filled with good wine and food. The color, smell, and taste were all top notch, especially the green bamboo wine which oozed with the fragrance of alcohol along with a hint of freshness. The dark green liquor sat quietly in the bamboo cup. At this angle, it shone with an amber luster.


A grandfather and his grandson were sitting at the table nearest to him. Being mortal humans, they wore modest clothes.


The grandfather sipped his rice wine while looking enviously at Fang Yuan. He clearly longed for the green bamboo wine, but could not afford it.


The grandson ate his braised beans, crunching away. At the same time, he pestered his grandfather, shaking his arm. “Grandpa, Grandpa, tell me about the story of Ren Zu. If you don’t, I’ll tell Grandma that you secretly came out to drink!”


“I can’t even drink in peace,” the grandfather sighed, but he looked fondly at his grandchild. With his twig-like arm, he patted the boy’s head. “Then let me tell you the tale of Ren Zu, who gave his heart to Hope Gu, escaping the Predicaments…”


«The Legends of Ren Zu» was the most popular and widespread tale in this world, as well as its most ancient legend.


The old man’s story went something like this.


•••


Ren Zu was able to escape the Predicaments because of Hope Gu. But eventually, he grew old, and without Strength and Wisdom, he could no longer continue to hunt. His teeth fell out, and he could no longer chew even fruits and vegetables.


Ren Zu felt death slowly approaching.


At that time, Hope Gu said to him, “Human, you must not die. If you die, your heart will be lost, and I will lose my only place of residence.”


But Ren Zu was helpless. “Who wishes to die? But if heaven and earth want me dead, I have no choice.”


Hope Gu said, “There’s always hope in everything. As long as you can catch a Lifespan Gu, you will be able to live longer.”


Ren Zu had heard of the existence of Lifespan Gu long ago, but he waved his hand helplessly. “When a Lifespan Gu stays still, nobody can find it, and when it flies, it is faster than light. How can I possibly catch it?”


Hope Gu then told Ren Zu a secret. “Human, don’t give up hope no matter what. On the northwest corner of this continent, there is an enormous mountain. On that mountain, there is a cave, and in that cave, there are two Gu, one round and one square. As long as you can subdue them, there is no Gu in this world that you cannot catch, including Lifespan Gu!”


Ren Zu had no choice, this was his last remaining hope.


He braved all difficulties along the journey and finally found the mountain. He then risked his life and ventured through countless dangers to ascend it. At the top, he at last reached the cave entrance, and used his last remaining strength to slowly make his way in.


The inside of the cave was completely dark, and he could not even see his own fingers. Ren Zu walked in the darkness. Sometimes, he would bump into things, not knowing what they were. He became bruised and wounded all over. At times, he felt that this dark cave was enormous beyond words, as if it was a world of its own. He felt as if he was the only person within.


He spent a lot of time wandering around, but he could not even find his way out, not to mention subduing the two Gu worms.


Just when he was at a loss about what to do, two voices spoke to him from the darkness.


One voice said, “Human, you’re here to catch us? Go back, for even if you had Strength Gu, it would be impossible.”


The other said, “Human, go back, we will not take your life. Even if you had Wisdom Gu to help you, you might not be able to find us.”


Ren Zu lay exhausted on the ground, panting. “Strength and Wisdom Gu left me long ago, and I do not have much lifespan left, so I’m at my wits end. But as long as there’s hope in my heart, I will not give up!”


Hearing Ren Zu’s words, the two voices went silent.


After a while, one of them said, “I understand. Human, you have already given your heart to Hope Gu. You will not give up no matter what.”


The other continued, “In that case, we shall give you a chance. As long as you can say our names, we will allow you to use us.”


Ren Zu was stunned. To find their names among all the words in the world, it was akin to finding a needle in a haystack.


Furthermore, he did not even know how many words were in their names.


Ren Zu quickly asked Hope Gu, but it did not know either.


Ren Zu had no choice but to randomly guess. He said many, many names and wasted a lot of time, but the darkness did not respond to him, so evidently his guesses were wrong.


Eventually, Ren Zu’s breathing grew weak as he turned from an old man into a dying man. His life was like the setting sun, already halfway below the horizon.


The food he had brought was running out, and his brain was becoming slower. He barely had the energy to speak.


The voice in the darkness urged, “Human, you are almost dead, so we will let you go. Using your remaining time, you can climb out of the cave and take a final look at the world. But you have offended us, and as punishment, Hope Gu shall stay here as our companion.”


Ren Zu clenched his fist and rejected the voice. “Even if I die, I will not give up hope!”


Hope Gu was very touched and answered Ren Zu’s words enthusiastically, radiating with light. But this light was too weak, it could not illuminate the darkness. In fact, it could not even cover Ren Zu’s entire body, but only barely illuminated his chest.


Yet Ren Zu could feel a surge of energy gushing into his body from Hope Gu.


He continued to speak, shouting out names. But he was already old and confused. A lot of names had already been said, but he could not remember that and repeated them, wasting even more effort.


As time continued to flow, Ren Zu’s lifespan was almost spent.


When he was on his final day, at last he said the word “regulation”.


A sigh came from the darkness as one of the voices spoke. “Human, I admire your perseverance. You have said my name, so from today onwards, I will obey your commands. But only with my brother can I aid you in capturing all the Gu in the world. Otherwise, with my ability alone, it is impossible. Thus, you should give up. You are almost dead, you might as well use this chance to take a final look at the world.”


But Ren Zu was determined and shook his head. He made use of all his time to continue speaking names.


Seconds and minutes went by, and soon he only had an hour left.


But at that time, he unknowingly said the word “rule”.


Immediately, the darkness dissipated.


The two Gu appeared before him. As Hope Gu had said, one was cubic, called “Regulations”. The other was spherical, called “Rules”. Together, they were “Rules and Regulations”.


The two Gu said together, “No matter who it is, as long as they know our names, we will listen to them. Human, since you know our names already, we will be at your service. But you must remember, it is important to not let others know of our names. The more people that know, the more people we have to obey. Now that you are the first to subdue us, tell us your request.”


Ren Zu was overjoyed. “Then I order you both, go and catch me a Lifespan Gu.”


The Rules and Regulations Gu worked together and captured an Eighty-Year Lifespan Gu.


Ren Zu’s body was already a hundred years old, but after consuming this Gu, the wrinkles on his face vanished and his frail limbs became muscular again. A vibrant aura of youth oozed from him.


With a somersault, he jumped up onto his feet.


He ecstatically looked at himself, knowing that he had regained the body of a twenty year old!


•••


“That’s all for today, let’s go home, grandson.” The old man, having completed the story, finished his wine as well.


“Grandpa, please, what happens to Ren Zu after?” The grandson was unwilling as he shook his grandfather’s arm.


“Let’s go, I’ll tell you at another time.” The old man put on his straw hat and jacket, then gave his grandson another set that was a smaller size.


The two walked out of the inn, stepping into the rain and slowly vanishing from sight.


Rules and Regulations… Fang Yuan’s gaze was distant as he twirled his cup, looking at the liquor within. His heart was touched.


The tale of Ren Zu was widespread throughout this world, and there were almost no people who did not know of him. Fang Yuan had naturally heard of him as well.


But whether it was just a legend was a matter of opinion. The grandfather and grandson earlier merely treated it as a story, but Fang Yuan could understand the deeper meaning.


Just like Ren Zu.


When he did not know the rules and regulations, he explored in the dark. Sometimes he bumped into things, knocking into others, causing himself to get injured and look like a mess. And at times, he got lost and confused, moving without a sense of direction or purpose.


This darkness was not purely black or the absence of light. Strength, wisdom, and hope could not oppose it.


Only when Ren Zu knew of the rules and regulations and said their names did the darkness dissipate and invite light into Ren Zu’s life.


The darkness was the darkness of the rules and regulations, and the light was also the light of the rules and regulations.


Fang Yuan moved his gaze from his cup and looked out through the window.


The sky was still dark, the greenery abundant and the rain falling like mist. Close by, the bamboo houses were lined up in rows, extending far into the distance. On the road, several people walked, their feet stained with mud. Some of them wore grayish-green straw coats, while others carried oiled yellow cloth umbrellas.


Fang Yuan concluded, This world is like a great chessboard. All lifeforms are chess pieces, acting in accordance with their rules and regulations. The four seasons have their own rules and regulations, rotating between spring, summer, autumn, and winter. The flow of water has its own rules and regulations, flowing from high ground to low ground. Hot air has its own rules and regulations, floating upwards. Humans naturally also have their own rules and regulations.


Everyone has their own positions, desires, and principles. For example, in Gu Yue Village, servants’ lives are cheap while their masters’ lives are noble. This is a part of the rules and regulations. Because of this, Shen Cui is doing her best to try and escape the life of a servant by getting close to people with good prospects. Gao Wan tried all means and methods to please his master, using their authority for himself.


As for Aunt and Uncle, they gave in to greed, wanting to hoard my parent’s inheritance. The academy elder wants to nurture Gu Masters to maintain his position.


Everyone has their own rules and regulations, every profession has its own rules and regulations, and every society and group also has their own rules and regulations. Only by understanding the rules and regulations can we see the situation clearly from the side, cast away the darkness, embrace the light, and move with ease.


Fang Yuan thought about his own situation, his heart already clear. For the Mo family’s head, Mo Chen, it is to protect his family’s prosperity and benefits. Mo Yan found trouble with me, breaking the rules, so for the sake of his family’s honor, he will not do anything to me. In fact, he might even compensate me.


Actually, the Mo family has great influence, so if they risk their reputation and are bent on punishing me, there’s nothing I can do to resist them. However, Mo Chen is afraid. He is not afraid of breaking the rules, but that others will follow in his footsteps. If the elders interfere in a junior’s scuffle, it will aggravate the situation. If it reaches the higher-ups, it will pose a threat to the entire village. Mo Chen’s fear lies here. What if, in future conflicts, others were to lay their hands on his grandson, Mo Bei? In his entire family line, there’s only one son, so what would happen if he died? This kind of fear, maybe he doesn’t realize it himself. He is only subconsciously protecting the rules.


Fang Yuan’s eyes were clear. He had a perfect grasp and understanding of the matter from beginning to end.


Gao Wan’s surname was not Gu Yue. Instead, he was an outsider, a servant.


A master executing a servant was nothing to be alarmed about. In this world, it was normal.


When Fang Yuan killed Gao Wan, his death was not important. The crucial part was his master, the Mo family behind him.


However, Mo Chen should be able to understand my intention of compromise and threat from the box I sent to them. That is also what I want him to think. If I’m not wrong, the Mo family will not pursue Gao Wan’s death. Of course, if I had better talent, at least B grade, the Mo family would feel threatened. Even with the loss of their reputation, they would want to suppress a future threat such as myself, Fang Yuan snickered in his heart.


Strength could be relied on, but weakness could also be used as an advantage.


Although Fang Yuan was in the game of chess as a pawn, he understood the rules and regulations. He already had the mentality of a player.


An ordinary character would, at most, be like Mo Chen or the academy elder, knowing their own rules and regulations but unsure of others. Being like Fang Yuan, who had a clear view of the big picture, was extremely difficult!


To understand the rules and regulations, one had to be like Ren Zu, stumbling around in the dark.


Strength, wisdom, and hope would be useless. One must spend a lot of time going through it themselves and gaining experience.


Ren Zu was only able to say the names of Rules and Regulations Gu after a long time. Under the threat of death, he tried countless times.


Fang Yuan was an expert in rules and regulations due to his five hundred years of experience from his past life.


After his rebirth, he believed that he could create a brilliant future. Not because of the Spring Autumn Cicada, not because he knew many secret troves and treasures, not because he knew what the future held.


But because of those long years of experience.


Just like how Ren Zu controlled Rules and Regulations Gu and was able to easily capture all the Gu in the world!


And because Fang Yuan was so familiar with the rules and regulations, he was able to look down upon the world and see through its truths and lies. He could be meticulous and precise, or get right to the heart of any matter.


I proudly laugh as I stand atop the world, coldly looking at people who behave like pawns, obeying their respective rules and regulations, living their lives in a straightforward manner.


The darkness was the darkness of the rules and regulations, and the light was the light of the rules and regulations.


But the reborn demon had stepped out under the path of light.


* * *


[1]. ‘Presented to Water Bureau Official Zhang Shiba in Early Spring’ (《早春呈水部张十八员外·其一》) by Han Yu.


