Chapter 39: Toad Caravan Merchant


The month of May was a transition between spring and summer.


The fragrance of flowers filled the air, the great mountains burst with green, and the sunlight gradually began to show its warmth.


Under the clear azure skies, the white clouds drifted like cotton.


On Qing Mao Mountain, the bamboo forest was like a regiment of spears on parade, tall and straight and raised towards the sky. Weeds grew wildly everywhere, and countless varieties of wildflowers dotted the grass thickets. As the light breeze blew, the wild grass moved to and fro, the heavy fragrance of flower pollen and the smell of greenery assailing all who visited.


Halfway up the mountain were many terraced fields. Layer by layer, step by step, the soft green wheat sprouts were planted. From afar, it looked like a verdant green sea.


Numerous farmers busied themselves in those terraces. Some cleaned the canals for the water to irrigate the fields, while others were rolling up their trousers, standing in the fields and planting.


These people were naturally all mortal outsiders, as the Gu Yue clansmen would never do these lowly jobs.


Ring, ring…


The faint sound of camel bells drifted in on the spring breeze.


The farmers straightened their bodies as they looked down the mountain, only to see a caravan moving like a colorful worm, slowly rounding the mountain and showing its head.


“It’s the merchant caravan!”


“Yes, it’s already May, it’s about time for them to come.”


The news spread amongst the adults, and the children stopped playing with the water and clay in their hands. Together, they energetically approached the caravan.


The Southern Border had a hundred thousand mountains — Qing Mao Mountain was just one of them. On every mountain, there were countless villages, maintained through blood and kinship.


Between the mountains, the forests were deep and ominous, the cliffs steep and crumbling. Additionally, in the complex surroundings of the forests lived many ferocious beasts and peculiar Gu worms.


Mortals could not pass through at all. It was difficult to get past these obstacles alone; one had to be at least a rank three Gu Master.


Because of the difficulties of travel, trade was difficult. Thus, the most important form of it happened through the merchant caravans. Only by organizing a merchant group at such a large scale could Gu Masters come together with the power to help each other, conquering the difficulties along the traveling routes and traversing from one mountain to another.


The merchant caravan’s arrival was like a bowl of boiling water poured into the peaceful and serene Qing Mao Mountain.


“In previous years they would arrive in April, but this year they only arrived in May. At least they’re here now.” The owner of the inn let out a deep breath upon hearing the news. The inn’s business was poor in the other months, so only when the caravan came could he earn enough profit to last the year.


Also, there was some green bamboo wine in storage that he could sell to the caravan merchants.


Besides the inn, business at the tavern would also boom as a result.


The caravan merchants entered Gu Yue Village one by one, led by a Treasure Brass Toad. It was two and a half meters tall, its entire body orange-yellow, and its back was thick and full of warts and knots, like lumps of bronze nails on ancient city gates.


On the Treasure Brass Toad’s back, thick ropes secured a variety of goods. At a glance, it seemed like the toad was carrying a giant backpack.


A middle-aged man with a circular face full of pockmarks sat cross-legged atop the toad. He was fat and had a large belly, and his face would scrunch up every time he smiled. He cupped his fist as he greeted the surrounding Gu Yue villagers.


This man’s name was Fu of the Jia clan. His cultivation was at rank four, and he was the leader of the merchant caravan this year.


The toad hopped slightly as it moved forward, but Jia Fu atop its head was stable and steady. When it hopped, his perch was level with the second floor windows of the surrounding buildings. Even when it was at rest, he sat higher than the first floor.


The originally spacious streets were suddenly rather crowded.


After the toad was a massive, fat beetle worm. Its eyes were like stained glass windows, the colors bright and gorgeous. The worm was fifteen meters long and resembled a giant silkworm, but its skin was covered in a thick layer of black, porcelain-like leather armor. Perched atop the armor were yet more goods and merchandise, anchored with hemp ropes. Gu Masters of many different ages sat here and there among the many bundles.


There were also mortals, all robust and sturdy martial warriors, slowly moving forward on the ground, following after the enormous beetle worm.


After the worm, there were ostrickens[1] with brightly colored feathers, hairy mountain spiders, snakes with two pairs of feathered wings, and so on. However, most of the beasts of burden were toads.


These toads were all similar to the Treasure Brass Toad, but they were around the size of a cow or a horse. They were carrying both merchandise and people, their bellies bulging as they hopped forward.


The merchant caravan wound its way deep into the village.


Children by the road looked on in curiosity, calling out in joy or exclaiming in surprise.


The windows on the second stories opened one after another, the mountain villagers observing the merchants from a short distance. Some had eyes that flashed with fear, and others waved their hands to express a warm welcome.


“Old Brother Jia! You came a little late this year, you must have had a hard journey.” Gu Yue Bo, as the clan head, came out himself to greet the leader of this year’s merchant caravan.


As Jia Fu was a rank four Gu Master, if a rank three elder were to be in charge of receiving him, it would undoubtedly be taken as an insult.


Jia Fu cupped his fist and sighed. “This year the roads were rather unfavorable. On the way, we bumped into a group of Secluded Blood Bats and lost quite a few good men. Then on Jue Bi Mountain we were engulfed in fog, and we didn’t dare to continue traveling at all. So we were delayed for quite a long time, and caused Brother Gu Yue to wait for quite a while.”


As they spoke, their tones were very polite.


Gu Yue Village needed the merchant caravans every year to come and trade, and the merchant caravan also needed business to make money.


“Heh heh heh, it’s good enough that you are able to come. Please, the clan has prepared food and wine, let me host a welcoming dinner for you, Old Brother,” Gu Yue Bo said, stretching out his hand.


“You are too polite, too polite.” Jia Fu was flattered.


The merchant caravan arrived at the boundaries of the Qing Mao Mountain in the early morning, and by afternoon they were stationed in Gu Yue Village. By dusk, the surroundings of the village had formed into a sprawling temporary market. All kinds of lofty tents in many different colors were raised, and every inch between the tents was bursting with countless little street stalls.


Night was descending, yet the area was still brightly lit.


An endless stream of pedestrians spilled into the market from the village. There were mortals as well as Gu Masters. Little children hopped around in high spirits, and the adults too were joyful. The atmosphere was like a festival.


Fang Yuan moved along with the tide, walking alone.


The crowd was bustling with activity, groups of people either surrounding the stalls or endlessly pouring in and out of the tents.


The surroundings were filled with the shouts of merchants hawking their wares.


“Come, come, take a look. Top notch Blue Sea Cloud tea bricks, drinking this tea makes one as cheerful as a fairy! Even if it’s not a person drinking, it can be used for feeding and raising tea Gu, it is a cheaply priced item for its value. One brick only costs five primeval stones!”


“Brute Force Longhorn Beetle Gu, a Gu Master who uses this Gu will be able to burst out with the strength of a bull. You can walk away, but don’t regret it!”


“Intimate grass, high quality intimate grass. Look at this quality, it’s like it’s freshly picked. One catty[2] for two primeval stones, a very cheap price…”


As Fang Yuan heard this, his footsteps paused slightly, then he followed the sound and walked over.


He saw an ostricken pulling a handcart with two wheels. On the handcart was a heap of pastel green herbs. Every blade of grass was a meter in length, slender and long. Their average width was around that of a fingernail. On some of the pointed tips of the grass grew red, heart-shaped flower buds.


Intimate grass was a type of supplementary food for some Gu worms.


For example, Fang Yuan needed to feed two moon orchid petals to his Moonlight Gu every meal. If he mixed in a blade of intimate grass, the Moonlight Gu would be full from one petal.


Intimate Grass only cost two primeval stones per catty, while moon orchid petals were a primeval stone for ten. With a simple calculation, one would know that mixing intimate grass in to feed the Gu would be more cost-effective.


Half a month ago, because I used the Moonlight Gu in the academy to kill Gao Wan, I was fined thirty primeval stones. However, the Mo family paid me thirty primeval stones later as compensation, so I didn’t really take any losses. Recently, I have robbed my classmates twice, so I have a total of 118 stones. However, I’ve been using the Liquor Worm to make middle stage primeval essence to nurture my aperture, costing me three stones every day. Adding on the costs of feeding Gu, my own daily expenses, and buying a stock of green bamboo wine, I have ninety-eight stones at hand right now.


Ever since Fang Yuan had killed a person, his cruel and callous image had deeply rooted itself into the hearts of the students, and for a time no one dared to challenge him. His weekly extortion had become much easier, as only a few students still dared to resist.


Fang Yuan calculated in his heart, then he turned away and continued walking deeper into the heart of the setup of temporary stores.


The intimate grass stall was surrounded by a group of people. They were all either Gu Masters or students, holding primeval stones in their hands as they shouted and rushed to buy it.


It was not that Fang Yuan lacked the money to buy intimate grass, but he had no time.


If memory serves, that store should have a Mudskin Toad. In my previous life, there was a Gu Master who got it from gambling on the first night. I must hurry, I cannot lose a great deal through trying to save a little.


* * *


[1]. Ostricken (驼鸡) – While the word literally means ostrich, it seems to be a slightly more unusual form written here that can also be a fantastical bird. As the creature is an ostrich/chicken hybrid that does not exist on Earth, it is represented here with a portmanteau of ostrich and chicken.


[2]. About half a kilogram.


