Chapter 4: Gu Yue Fang Yuan


The sun rose in the sky, its rays brilliant. The mountain fog was not very thick, and the sharp light easily passed through.

Over a hundred fifteen-year-old youths gathered in front of the clan pavilion. It was in the middle of the village, stood five stories tall, had flying eaves, and was heavily guarded. Before the pavilion was the square, and inside the pavilion was the shrine to the clan’s ancestors. Every clan head had lived in the pavilion. With every major ceremony or big incident, the clan elders would gather and hold meetings here as well. This building represented the village’s central authority.

“Good, all of you are punctual. Today is the Awakening Ceremony; it is your life’s great turning point. I won’t say much, just come with me.” The one responsible at the moment was the elder of the academy. His beard and hair were white, and he was in high spirits as he led the young teenagers into the pavilion. However, they did not go up, but were led downstairs after going through the entrance of a great hall. Climbing down a constructed stone ladder, they went into an underground cave.

The group of teenagers gasped in surprise and amazement. The underground cave was beautiful, stalactites sparkling with the colors of the rainbow. The light shone on the youths’ faces, the neon hues gorgeous.

Fang Yuan mixed into the crowd, quietly observing everything that was happening. Hundreds of years ago, the Gu Yue Clan left the Central Continent to migrate to the Southern Border. The spirit spring in this underground cave is the reason they chose to settle on Qing Mao Mountain. It produces large quantities of primeval stones — it could be said that this is the foundation of Gu Yue Village.

They walked onward for several hundred steps. It grew darker, and the sound of flowing water could be faintly heard. After turning around a corner, a nine-and-a-half meter wide underground river greeted them. By now, the colorful stalactites were long behind them, but the river emitted faint blue light. It was like a band of night sky filled with stars.

The river flowed from the dark depths of the cave. Inside the crystal clear waters, one could see fish, aquatic plants, and even the sand of the riverbed. On the opposite side of the river was a sea of flowers.

These were the Gu Yue Clan’s carefully cultivated moon orchids. The beautiful blue- and pink-colored petals were shaped like crescent moons, the flower stems were like jade, and the center of the flower shone with a warm brilliance like that of nacre under the light. At first glance, in the darkness of the cave, the flower sea looks like a green carpet dotted with countless pearls.

The moon orchid is food for a lot of Gu. This flower sea could be said to be the clan’s biggest cultivation resource, Fang Yuan thought knowingly to himself.

“Wow, so pretty!”

“It really is beautiful!”

The new sight opened the young teenagers’ eyes. Their expressions seemed to radiate light, mixed together with their excitement and anxiety.

“All right, listen as I call your names. Those who are called must cross this river to the opposite bank. Walk as far as you can, and of course, the further you go the better it is. Are you all clear?” the elder asked.

“All clear,” the youths replied. Actually, before they came here, they had all heard their family members or seniors talk about it. It was well known that the further you could walk, the better your talent was. Your future would also become brighter.

The elder held the name list and called out the first person. “Gu Yue Chen Bo.”

The river was wide but not deep — it barely covered their knees. Chen Bo’s face was serious as he stepped across the river and into the flower sea on the other shore. As he did so, he could feel an invisible pressure, as if there was a wall in front of him that he could not see, blocking him from walking forward. At that moment, the flowers at his feet suddenly gave off a weak white light. The light gathered around Chen Bo and entered his body. For a moment, Chen Bo felt the pressure drop; the invisible wall blocking him suddenly felt softer. With this, Chen Bo gritted his teeth and mustered his strength, walking forward. He tried to force his way through, but after three steps the wall in front of him hardened again, and he could walk no further.

As he watched this, the elder sighed. While recording what happened, he said, “Gu Yue Chen Bo, three steps, no talent to become a Gu Master. Next, Gu Yue Zao Xie!”

Chen Bo clenched his teeth, deathly pale as he walked back to the group. Without any talent, he could only live as a normal human, holding the lowest position in the clan.

His stature was shaky; it was a huge blow to him, as if reality had killed all his hopes. Many people threw him pitiful gazes, but even more were focused on the second person crossing the river.

Unfortunately, this youth could only walk four steps forward — he did not have talent either.

Not everyone had the natural talent to be a Gu Master. Generally speaking, it was not bad if five out of ten people had talent. In the Gu Yue Clan, this ratio was higher, reaching six out of ten. This was because the Gu Yue Clan’s ancestor, their founder, was a famous, legendary, and powerful man. Due to his cultivation, his blood carried powerful genes, and thus the average quality of talent in the Gu Yue Clan was generally higher.

With two consecutive failures, the other elders observing the scene had ugly expressions. Even the clan head was frowning slightly. The next moment, the academy elder called out the third name: Gu Yue Mo Bei.

“Here!” A horse-faced youth dressed in linen robes lightly called as he came forth. He was tall and appeared much sturdier than his peers, and there was a brave aura about him. He crossed the river in a few strides and reached the opposite bank. Ten steps, twenty steps, thirty steps; one after another, small lights entered his body. He walked until he reached thirty-six steps before he could finally go no further.

The youths at the riverbank watched with wide eyes, shocked. The academy elder happily exclaimed, “Good, Gu Yue Mo Bei, B grade talent! Come here, let me see your primeval sea.”

Mo Bei walked back to the academy elder’s side. The elder stretched out his hand and placed it on the lad’s shoulder, closing his eyes as he focused. Then he retracted his hand and nodded, writing on his paper: Gu Yue Mo Bei, primeval sea measuring 66%, can be vigorously trained.

Talent could be measured by four grades — A grade to D grade. A D grade talent who was raised for 3 years could become a rank one senior Gu Master, the foundation of the clan. A C grade talent, after two years of cultivation, could usually become a rank two senior Gu Master, the backbone of the clan. A B grade talent must be cared for. With six to seven years of training, they could become a rank three Gu Master, and rise to the position of a clan elder.

And when it came to A grade, even if it was just one, it would bring great luck to the entire clan. Great care must be taken: with this talent, in about ten years, they could become a rank four Gu Master. At that point, they could compete for the position of the head of the clan!

In other words, as long as Mo Bei grew up, eventually he would become one of the elders of the Gu Yue Clan. That was why the academy elder laughed happily. The elders watching from the side also sighed in relief, then they all turned to look at one of their number with jealousy.

This elder was also horse-faced, and he was Mo Bei’s grandfather, Mo Chen. He was already smiling. “What do you think? My grandson isn’t bad, huh, Chi Lian,” he said, provoking his old nemesis.

Chi Lian had a head full of red hair. He made an annoyed “hmph” and did not reply. Anyone could see his expression was stormy.

An hour later, half of the youths had already walked through the flower sea. There were quite a number of C and D grade talents among them, while half of them had no talent at all.

“The bloodline is getting thinner. In the last few years, the clan hasn’t had any rank four Gu Masters to strengthen it. The fourth generation clan head was the only rank five, but in the end he perished together with the Flower Wine Monk and did not leave behind any descendants. The Gu Yue Clan’s later generations are getting weaker and weaker,” the clan head said with a deep sigh.

At that moment, the academy elder shouted, “Gu Yue Chi Cheng!”

On hearing this name, all the elders looked at Chi Lian; the youth was his grandson.

Chi Cheng had a small, short build with a face full of pockmarks. He was clenching his fist, his entire face sweating. It was evident that he was incredibly nervous.

As he walked onto the opposite bank, the little lights entered his body. After walking straight for thirty-six steps, he stopped.

“Another B grade!” the academy elder yelled.

The youths flew into a commotion, sending Chi Cheng envious stares.

“Hahaha, thirty-six steps, thirty-six steps!” Chi Lian shouted, staring proudly at Mo Chen. This time it was Mo Chen’s turn to have a sour face.

Chi Cheng, huh… In the midst of the crowd, Fang Yuan stroked his chin thoughtfully. In his memories, the clan heavily punished Chi Cheng because he cheated during the Awakening Ceremony. In reality, Chi Cheng only had C grade talent, but because his grandfather Chi Lian helped him fake the results, he appeared to have B grade talent.

To be honest, if he wanted to cheat, Fang Yuan knew countless ways to do so, some of them even more perfect than Chi Cheng’s method. If a B grade or A grade talent appeared, the clan would spare no expense.

But firstly, Fang Yuan had only just been reborn. It was hard to prepare any methods in less than a day. Secondly, even if he managed to cheat, he would not be able to fake his cultivation speed. It would eventually expose him. However, Chi Cheng was different: his grandfather was Chi Lian — one of the two most powerful elders in the clan. Chi Lian could easily cover for his grandson.

Chi Lian was always at odds with Mo Chen; these two were the most influential elders. To suppress his opponent, he would need his own grandson to have outstanding talent. Because he was helping from behind the scenes, Chi Cheng was able to conceal the truth for a time. In my memories, if it were not for that incident, the truth would never have been exposed.

Fang Yuan’s eyes gleamed as he thought of ways to use this knowledge to his advantage.

If he exposed the matter on the spot, he would receive a small reward from the clan, but then he would offend the highly powerful Chi Lian. This was inadvisable.

Within such a short time, he also could not blackmail them. With his low status, it would just backfire on him.

As he pondered, he suddenly heard the academy elder call out his own name: “Gu Yue Fang Yuan!”

