Chapter 40: Toad Gu Slumbering Within the Purple-Gold Rock


The further one walked into the market, the more flourishing and prosperous it was. Small street vendors became scarce while large tents became common.


There were all sorts of tents — red, blue, green, yellow, in different shapes and sizes, some square and some cylindrical. Some had two pillars on either side of their entrances, while others hung large red lanterns instead. Some tents had vibrant lights within, whereas others were dim and dark.


Fang Yuan observed his surroundings as he walked, finally stopping near a gray tent.


It’s here, he evaluated while looking at the tent; it had two pillars at the entrance, and there were carvings on the pillars, two lines of an antithetical couplet[1].


The left side said, “A little courage will bring good fortune during the four seasons”.


The right side said, “A display of skill will bring prosperity in all four directions”.


Between the pillars hung a banner with yet another line: “Luck changes with time”.


This was a gambling den.


It took up around one mu[2] of land; it was one of the larger tents.


Fang Yuan walked inside. Within, there were three counters along the sides. On the counters were pieces of amber or fossils. Some could fit in one’s hand, others were as big as a man’s head. Some were even bigger, as tall as a person. These obviously could not fit on the counter, thus they were placed directly on the ground.


Unlike the other tent shops, it was silent here.


Several Gu Masters stood before the counters, some meticulously observing rocks on the display counter, while others took the fossils and rubbed them in their hands to get a feel for them. Some were speaking quietly with their companions, and some were discussing the price with their shop clerks.


But no matter what they were doing, they spoke softly, doing their best not to disturb others.


This was a rock gambling den.


In the Gu world, there were all types of Gu, in different shapes and sizes and with all sorts of powers. Gu worms had their respective foods to consume. Without food, they could only survive a short time before dying.


But nature was both uncaring and benevolent.


If they lacked food, Gu worms still had a chance of survival. They could hibernate, sealing themselves.


For example, if the Moonlight Gu did not have moon orchid petals to consume, it might undergo self-sealing. It would try to conserve its strength, like a bear hibernating in winter, and fall into a deep slumber. At that time, not only would the blue glow on its body dissipate, it would also turn from a transparent crystal into a gray rock, covering itself in a rocky shell. Eventually, this crust would accumulate and it would become a large stone.


Or for example, the Liquor Worm, if it underwent self-sealing, it would form a white cocoon around itself, falling into a deep sleep.


Of course, hibernation would not happen to every Gu worm. It was rare, and in most cases, the Gu worm would instead starve to death. Only a small number of Gu might, under specific situations, undergo self-sealing.


Gu Masters sometimes chanced upon these rocks and awoke the Gu slumbering within, experiencing a stroke of fortune. Some became successful due to this, and it was a turning point in their lives. Such tales were common amongst Gu Masters, and whether they were real or fake, they gave people hopes and dreams.


Rock gambling dens arose from such rumors. Of course, nobody could really tell what might be within them just from looking. Only after opening them could one determine if there really was a Gu worm hidden inside.


In a small rock gambling den like this, nine out of ten rocks have solid cores, with no Gu worms inside. Even if there are Gu within, most of the time they will be dead. But once someone hits the jackpot of a live Gu, often they will be able to earn a fortune. If the Gu worm is a rare species, they either become successful, or get murdered and robbed.


In his past life, Fang Yuan had participated in a merchant caravan before as a clerk in a rock gambling den. Some time later, he even operated his own medium-sized rock gambling den. He managed to con some gamblers, and also misjudged at times, allowing others to win a precious Gu worm.


Fang Yuan stood at the door for a while, glancing around before slowly walking to the counter on the left side.


Behind the counter, there were shop assistants every few meters, both men and women. On their waists hung green belts, showing that they were rank one Gu Masters. Most were initial stage, while a select few were middle stage.


Seeing Fang Yuan come to the counter, the female Gu Master who was nearest walked towards him and smiled, speaking in a soft voice. “Young Master, what Gu worm do you need? Every rock on this counter is sold at ten primeval stones each. If this is your first try, just for the sake of it, you could go to the right counter. The rocks there are only five primeval stones. If you are seeking thrills, you could go to the high-end counter in the middle, the rocks sold there are twenty primeval stones each.”


She was an experienced assistant, having worked at the rock gambling den for quite some time already.


She had observed Fang Yuan and determined from his appearance that he was a student.


Those that came to gamble were all Gu Masters, and students were only considered second-rate, as they’d just started their cultivation. They were often tight on primeval stones due to feeding their Gu worms; where would they find the money to come and gamble rocks?


Students like this normally came just to take a look, broaden their horizons, and satisfy their curiosity. Most were only window shoppers, though if some had well to do families, they might buy one to try it out. But most only bought the cheapest rocks.


Thus, the assistant had no expectations of Fang Yuan.


“Let me look around first.” Fang Yuan nodded at her expressionlessly, then started to look seriously into the pile.


In his memory, it should be at this counter in this particular rock gambling den.


But it had been five hundred years, far too long, and many memories had become cloudy. To be honest, Fang Yuan could not remember it distinctly.


He could only vaguely recall that, during this year on the first night the caravan arrived, a lucky individual spent ten primeval stones to buy a fossil with a purple-gold luster.


After he opened it, he obtained a Mudskin Toad. He sold it and earned a small fortune of primeval stones.


Fang Yuan frowned after observing for a while.


On this counter, there were twenty fossils that matched that description. Which rock hid a Mudskin Toad?


Every rock here was ten primeval stones. Right now, Fang Yuan had ninety-eight with him, so he could buy up to a maximum of nine fossils.


But realistically, he could not do that.


In any sort of gamble, one had to consider the consequences.


Fang Yuan was no longer a greenhorn, like those gamblers who thought they were blessed by heaven. Those who thought they were blessed by fate usually fell under the mischief of fate itself.


I am alone, with no relatives or friends that can help me. I have to save some primeval stones to survive, as well as to buy food for my Gu worms. Keeping the bare minimum of funds, he could buy at most seven fossils.


The purple-gold on this rock is dotted like stars, but it’s flat as a pancake, there’s definitely no Mudskin Toad inside.


This piece has a striking purple-gold color, but it is only fist-sized. if there really was a Mudskin Toad inside, the rock would be at least 30% larger.


This purple-gold fossil, it’s big, but the surface is extremely smooth, while the Mudskin Toad is supposed to have rough, uneven skin. This is evidently not the one…


Fang Yuan continued to observe and evaluate, ruling out as many as possible.


When Gu worms hibernated after self sealing, they would form into a natural fossil, and were essentially undetectable using most methods. The Gu within were extremely weak, and so any methods capable of detecting them would kill them outright.


Thus, when Gu Masters chose rocks, they could only rely on guesswork, experience, luck, and sometimes a little bit of instinct.


Otherwise, it would not be called gambling.


Of course, in this wide world, there were countless wonders, and one could not exclude the possibility that a detection method which was extremely gentle existed, allowing a Gu Master to know if the rock contained a Gu worm.


Fang Yuan had heard of such rumors in his past life, but after experimenting, found that it was all lies.


Fang Yuan assumed privately, If such a method really exists, it has to be a hidden legacy, controlled by a small number of mysterious people, having no impact on the gambling business.


It was still tame around the Qing Mao Mountain region, but the more one moved east, the more prosperous the gambling dens became. In the Bai Tou mountains, every clan had its own gambling den. In some wealthy clans, there were even large-sized gambling dens. The three villages that were famous for their rock gambling were Pan Shi Village, Gu Mu Village, and Cang Jing Village, where there were even mega-sized gambling dens.


These three mega-sized gambling dens each had a thousand years of history. Their business was still booming, with an endless number of gamblers. In all that time, nobody had ever continuously beaten the house.


The tent that Fang Yuan was in could only barely be considered a small gambling den.


If it were any other fifteen-year-old who came, they would definitely be confused by all the different fossils, and even if they chose one, it would be by random guessing.


But Fang Yuan was different.


Firstly, he already knew what he was looking for, thus his search had shrunk to a mere twenty fossils.


Of course, finding that one rock out of these twenty was still extremely difficult. But using his experience, and with such a rich pool of information, he picked out six purple-gold fossils that best fit the criteria after observing for a while.


He was 80% confident that the Mudskin Toad was hibernating within one of these six fossils!


* * *


[1]. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Duilian_(poetry)


[2]. 666 ⅔ m2


