Chapter 41: Dissecting Rocks


Having picked his targets, Fang Yuan said to the assistant, “I want to purchase some rocks.”

Newbie! she immediately thought.

Even the shittiest gamblers would pay very close attention when they wanted to buy rocks. First they would look over them carefully, then place the stones in their palms and rub them to feel the surface and their weight. If they found something wrong, they would give up. No one would say they wanted to buy rocks right away.

Someone like Fang Yuan was clearly a newbie who was having his first rock gambling experience.

Although the woman thought this, she hid it well and continued to smile bright as a flower. “Then which piece are you choosing?”

Fang Yuan pointed and said, “This piece.”

She immediately retrieved it.

Fang Yuan pointed again and said, “This piece.”

She felt perplexed, not expecting this youngster to buy two rocks.

It seems like he’s the type to gamble heavily, she evaluated mentally.

But Fang Yuan pointed yet again, “And this piece, that piece, I’m buying them all.”

The assistant was stunned, and she could not help but assess Fang Yuan again.

It seems like this plain-looking kid has a really good family background. How would any ordinary Gu Master have the spare cash to spend like this? Her smile became more gentle and friendly. To think that the youngster in front of her was a real customer.

This was an unexpected joy!

However, Fang Yuan surprised her once again as he pointed to the furthest purple-gold rock. “Oh yeah, and those two pieces as well.”

The assistant could not help but feel shocked. Which young master from Gu Yue Village is this? It looks like he’s the main family branch’s inheritor. If I can hook up with him, I might not need to stay here and toil as a shop clerk anymore.

The assistant’s expression became even more gentle, even seductive.

Six rocks were placed in front of Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan took out sixty primeval stones and passed them to the assistant.

His act of payment attracted the attention of all the other Gu Masters in the tent.

“Oh? Someone is going to gamble.”

“We’ve been looking for over an hour, but we haven’t acted yet. Now that someone is giving it a try, we might as well watch.”

“It’s a student. He actually spent sixty primeval stones at once, his family must be affluent. He looks like a greenhorn. Hmph, gambling rocks isn’t so easy. He’s gonna get hurt real bad.”

The Gu Masters stood off to the side, discussing softly, all directing their attention towards Fang Yuan.

“Young Master, do you want to open the rocks here? Our gambling den provides free service to open the rocks,” the assistant gently advised, making eyes at him.

Fang Yuan looked at his audience out of the corner of his eye, his lips curling into a mysterious smile. He waved his hand. “Purple-gold is my lucky color, and this is my first time betting, it means a lot to me. I’ll open the rocks myself!”

The assistant’s eyes shone brighter, thinking, This heroic demeanor, as expected of a rich young master.

Never in her dreams would she imagine the truth. Fang Yuan could be said to be kinless in Gu Yue Village, a drifter with no backing, having to rely on himself for everything.

“Tsk, so what if you have money.”

“I wonder which rich kid this is, coming here to waste his parents’ hard-earned money!”

“Ignorant young lad, how can one choose the rocks based on a lucky color? This is simply throwing primeval stones into the water and watching the ripples for fun.”

The Gu Masters in the tent lost their excitement at once. Thinking that Fang Yuan was a prodigal son, their already low expectations vanished into thin air.

Some even turned around to continue inspecting the fossils on the counter.

Their reactions did not affect Fang Yuan’s state of mind at all. He expressionlessly activated his primeval essence, pouring it into the Moonlight Gu.

At once, the crescent mark on his right palm emitted a faint blue light.

Fang Yuan used this hand to grab a purple-gold rock, holding it in his palm. Next, he closed his fingers and slowly rubbed against the surface of the fossil.

The blue light continued to shine, the waves of light rippling like water as the purple-gold rock shrank in size. Large amounts of rock powder shaved from the stone fell from the gaps between his fingers, landing on the carpet of the tent.

“Young Master, you have good handiwork!” The assistant took the opportunity to praise him.

“This youngster, he isn’t a good-for-nothing after all. What great skills.” Seeing this, the Gu Masters’ eyes shone with a complicated glint. They had started to see Fang Yuan in a new light.

Fang Yuan used the blue light to rub against the surface of the rock; this was an extremely precise technique. Normally, one would have to use the Moonlight Gu for two to three years to be able to reach this level.

With Fang Yuan’s age and status as a student, being able to do this was really remarkable.

“Look, he’s using our Gu Yue Clan’s specialty, the Moonlight Gu.” Some of the Gu Masters saw this and instantly felt proud, gaining affection for him.

“But opening the rocks with this method, it’s still too rough.” Some of the older and more experienced Gu Masters shook their heads.

The purple-gold rock grew smaller and smaller. At first, it filled his palm, but now it was the size of a fist.

The blue light intensified as the fossil was reduced to the size of a pearl. Until finally, all that was left was a pile of rock powder in a small mound on the carpet.

It was a solid rock, there was no Gu worm inside.

“As expected, this method of picking rocks is unreliable.” The Gu Masters shook their heads.

“Young Master, there are still five pieces left,” the assistant encouraged.

Fang Yuan’s expression remained calm. He grabbed the second piece of purple-gold rock and continued to grind. But the result was still a solid rock; there was no Gu worm inside.

The third piece was still the same.

The Gu Masters grew impatient. “No need to watch. There’s no point, if he’s just picking based on their color.”

“If he can get a good Gu from this, I’ll eat the pile of rock powder on the floor!” someone mocked.

“Don’t lose heart, Young Master, aren’t there three pieces left? You’re only halfway through,” the assistant continued to egg Fang Yuan on.

Fang Yuan grabbed the fourth piece, and when he got it to palm size, he suddenly stopped.

“Oh? There’s something!”

“The rock composition changed, it’s not purple-gold sediment, but a kind of ink-black color.”

“Don’t tell me he really got super lucky from blind guessing?”

The surrounding Gu Masters fell into a quiet commotion.

“Young Master, you have to be careful from here onwards. Don’t make sudden movements, hibernating Gu worms are very fragile. If you use too much strength, you’ll kill the Gu worm inside.” The assistant had not expected this. After a moment of shock, she carefully advised him.

Fang Yuan’s movements slowed, his fingers slowly rubbing as small amounts of powder slowly fell. He ground away just a bit at a time, repeating the motions over and over.

The black rock powder gradually fell, and as the rock got smaller, Fang Yuan’s movements became even slower and gentler.

On the carpet, the rock powder continued to gather as Fang Yuan’s black rock was finally ground to nothing.

“What a pity, it was a rock in a rock.”

“What a waste of my emotions, I really thought there was a Gu worm inside.”

“You are all too easy to fool. Is rock betting so easy? Nine out of ten are empty, how else is the shop going to make money?”

“Young Master, your luck is already not bad. Normal people can’t get a rock in a rock on their first time.” The assistant tried another way to console Fang Yuan, and at the same time prepare him for the result of the next two stones.

Getting nothing out of gambling rocks was very common, a nine out of ten occurrence. In her opinion, Fang Yuan was choosing at random, so the chance of getting a Gu was close to zero.

Fang Yuan smiled but did not reply, and he continued, grabbing the fifth rock.

He carefully ground it, and in ten breath’s time, the surface of purple-gold rock was rubbed away, revealing a rough yellow mud ball.

