Chapter 42: It Really Is a Gu?!


“Eh?”


“Don’t tell me it’s another rock in a rock.”


“By the looks of it, probably. But it’s a little strange. This mudball was surrounded by a purple-gold rock shell. The mudball’s surface should be compressed smoothly, so why is it uneven?” The surrounding Gu Masters were perplexed.


Looking at the mudball in his hands, Fang Yuan’s expression did not change, but in his heart, he was slightly moved.


He continued to grind. Under the watery blue light, powdery sand fell to the floor. Among the powder, there were also crumbs of soil mixed in, and they fell to join the pile of rock powder by his leg.


“Don’t tell me there’s really something?!” The Gu Masters stared, eyes wide.


“It’s hard to say,” one of them said uncertainly.


“I feel like there is…there’s really something,” another spoke softly.


The yellow mudball gradually decreased in size due to the friction, and when it was palm-sized, someone barged into the tent. “Young lad, hold up. I, Jia Jin Sheng, will be buying it!”


Fang Yuan’s movement came to a halt. At once, the Gu Masters in the tent all focused their attention on this person.


He looked young, around his mid-twenties, and he wore a golden robe with a lace belt on his waist. On the belt, there was a square-shaped jade piece inscribed with the number “1”.


Evidently, he was a rank one Gu Master. To still be a rank one Gu Master at over twenty years old, it seemed his talent wasn’t good.


However, his status was rather unique. As he entered, the assistant Gu Masters in the tent all bowed to him. “We greet you, Second Young Master.”


“Second Young Master?”


“He called himself Jia Jin Sheng, is he the half-brother of the merchant caravan leader, Jia Fu…?”


“That means this rock gambling den belongs to him. But now that he appeared to interfere, it seems that he’s breaking the gambling den’s rules.” The Gu Masters continued to softly converse.


“That’s right, I am the shopkeeper. Little Brother, coming out to gamble at such a young age, aren’t you afraid your family will scold you? I will offer forty primeval stones right now to buy that mudball in your hand. What do you think? Forty primeval stones is a lot already, and there may not be a Gu inside, but today I am in a good mood. Seeing that this is your first time gambling, I don’t want you to lose everything, so I’ll give you a portion of your capital back,” Jia Jin Sheng said as he quickly walked over to Fang Yuan.


“Forty primeval stones?” Fang Yuan raised his eyebrows slightly and glanced at Jia Jin Sheng out of the corner of his eye, laughing coldly. “It seems you want to forcefully buy this mudball fossil in my possession? Forceful purchase is spoiling the gambling den’s rules. Furthermore, you’re on Qing Mao Mountain, you want to bully a Gu Yue clansman like me in front of everyone?”


“Oh?” At that, all the other Gu Masters felt their anger rise as they looked in Jia Jin Sheng’s direction. There was not a friendly face among them.


Jia Jin Sheng had thought a fifteen-year-old like Fang Yuan would be easy to deal with, persuaded with a few words. But to think that he had such capabilities, and with a single sentence, he caused Jia Jin Sheng to be in such a predicament.


Seeing the Gu Masters around him getting ready to interfere, Jia Jin Sheng’s expression changed immediately. Quickly waving his hands, he attempted to pacify them. “Little Brother, you’re mistaken! I am the shopkeeper of this gambling den, how could I ruin my own reputation by breaking my own rules? How would I be able to conduct business in the future? Hehehe. I just found your mudball a little interesting, so I wanted to buy it. If you do not wish to sell it, that’s fine. But if there’s nothing inside, don’t blame me.”


Fang Yuan paid no more attention to him. He turned around and continued to focus on grinding the mudball in his hands.


His movements were very slow and very meticulous. Often, only a hint of powder fell every few seconds. As he continued, a hibernating Gu worm gradually appeared in front of everyone’s eyes.


“My god, there really is a Gu worm!”


“He really found a Gu!”


“What the hell, this sort of gambling can also work?”


“This young man’s luck is off the charts!”


Immediately, the Gu Masters’ exasperation filled the tent.


The assistant subconsciously covered her mouth, unable to believe the scene before her.


As a shop clerk, she had been to many mountain villages, seen all sorts of people and all kinds of customers, but she had never encountered such a comedic scene.


There is really a Gu! Cold light flashed across Jia Jin Sheng’s eyes as he felt hatred and regret. Being taken advantage of was the thing he hated most.


He had placed many surveillance methods in his gambling den. Once a customer was about to open a Gu, he’d receive the news and would normally forcefully buy it.


But now Fang Yuan was inside his gambling den, getting a Gu under his very eyes. Jia Jin Sheng could feel his heart bleeding.


It was a toad Gu.


Its entire body was yellow from head to foot. Its belly was light yellow, and its back was brownish yellow, covered with many pimply boils, full of nodules and warts which were a distinctive characteristic of the toad species. It was slightly horrifying.


It was not big, and easily fit in Fang Yuan’s hand. Holding it was akin to holding two or three eggs.


Fang Yuan’s expression was calm. Under gazes of admiration, envy, and exasperation, he carefully deployed his primeval essence and injected it into the toad’s body.


He was refining it.


Gu worms obtained from within fossils were normally extremely weak. Not only did they have little to no strength left, their consciousness was also muddled, leaving them defenseless and unable to resist. Thus, they could easily be refined by a Gu Master.


Upon being awakened by Fang Yuan, the toad Gu slowly opened its eyes, and its belly slightly vibrated as it called out.


Croak.


Its voice was soft, but it made everyone’s expressions very interesting.


The difference in value between a Gu that was alive against one that was dead was enormous.


“It’s a live Gu, he really opened a live Gu!!” one of them rubbed their eyes, unable to believe it.


“This is a Mudskin Toad, damn it, it really is a Mudskin Toad!” another recognized the Gu’s identity and screamed agitatedly.


“This young man really has divine luck, why don’t I have such luck on my side!” another sighed, filled with envy.


“Young Master, congratulations! This, this, this is, to date, my first time seeing such a precious Gu worm!” The assistant was shocked beyond words, her eyes sparkling.


It’s actually the Mudskin Toad! This is a rare rank two Gu worm, worth five hundred primeval stones. Damn it, damn it. Someone actually managed to open such a Gu worm in my shop. I’ve lost big time, big time! Jia Jin Sheng’s face was pale as he glared daggers at the toad. He felt a strong urge to just snatch the Gu away.


But he knew he couldn’t, for if he really did that, it would be asking for trouble.


This was not his family’s village, but the Gu Yue Clan’s territory.


Maybe I should’ve paid a bit more, maybe he might have given it to me. That’s right, he’s just a student. If I offered a hundred primeval stones, there’s no way he wouldn’t be moved. Why didn’t I do that? Jia Jin Sheng was full of regret.


No, maybe this young lad does not know his stuff. Even though he opened a Mudskin Toad, I should be able to suppress the price and buy it! Jia Jin Sheng’s heart surged with renewed hope.


But in the next moment, this hint of hope was mercilessly smashed by Fang Yuan’s words.


Fang Yuan calmly looked at the Mudskin Toad in his hands, ignoring the praise and shock from those around him.


He said to Jia Jin Sheng in a tranquil tone, “Mudskin Toad, rank two Gu worm, requires five hundred grams of yellow soil every meal, the more fertile the soil the better. It is quite rare and is the main Gu required to refine the Treasure Brass Toad. The market price is five hundred primeval stones. Jia Jin Sheng, do you want to buy this?”


“You…you actually know so clearly…” Jia Jin Sheng mumbled. After such a shock, he could not say a word.


Fang Yuan laughed lightly and continued, “If you’re unwilling, that’s fine. I’ll sell it to someone else, I’m sure someone will be interested.”


“Hold it, wait, I’ll buy it, I’ll buy it. But can’t it be a bit cheaper?” Jia Jin Sheng’s smile turned bitter.


Fang Yuan turned around and walked away.


Jia Jin Sheng hurriedly chased after him. “Don’t! Don’t go! I’ll buy it, I’ll buy it!”


Fang Yuan had no plans to nurture this Mudskin Toad.


It was a rank two Gu, but Fang Yuan was still rank one initial stage. It ate yellow soil, but Qing Mao Mountain was full of greenish black soil, so finding food for it would be troublesome.


Moreover, if he did not sell this Gu worm, Fang Yuan would have to feed three Gu himself. Putting aside the increased expenditure, even the current amount of primeval stones in his possession would not be enough to feed them.


Thus, Fang Yuan’s plan was to immediately sell the Mudskin Toad and earn a fortune.


To a rank one initial stage like Fang Yuan, five hundred primeval stones was considered a large amount already.


The transaction was quickly completed. Fang Yuan transferred the Mudskin Toad to Jia Jin Sheng in front of the crowd, at the same time accepting five heavy money bags. Each bag had a hundred primeval stones.


Fang Yuan originally had ninety-eight primeval stones, and after spending sixty on gambling rocks, he had thirty-eight left. Now, his fortune had multiplied many times, and he owned five hundred and thirty-eight primeval stones.


Many onlooking Gu Masters turned green with envy.


Fang Yuan put the five bags in his robe and took the last purple-gold fossil, walking out of the tent.


“Young Master, you’re not opening that fossil?” The assistant blinked rapidly and called out to Fang Yuan’s retreating figure.


Fang Yuan paid no heed and left the gambling den without turning back.


He left behind a gang of stunned Gu Masters, staring at each other silently.


