Chapter 43: The Final Purple-Gold Rock


The green copper primeval sea’s tides rose and fell, ebbed and flowed.


Above the sea, the Liquor Worm curled into a ball, emitting wine vapor that gradually developed into a white mist.


A surge of primeval essence rushed up against the tide and into the wine mist. When the mist receded, there was only half of the primeval essence left, and it had grown darker. From initial stage jade green, it had been converted into middle stage pale green.


Middle stage primeval essence fell into the sea, but it did not mix with the initial stage primeval essence. As if it was denser, it sank to the bottom.


As time flowed onward, the wine mist circulated within the aperture. Under the refinement of the Liquor Worm, the initial stage primeval essence at the top continued to decrease, while the middle stage primeval essence at the bottom gradually increased.


As Fang Yuan refined his primeval essence, he extracted the natural essence from primeval stones at the same time, quickly replenishing the dwindling primeval essence in his aperture.


Finally, all 44% of his primeval sea had been fully refined into middle stage primeval essence.


Much thanks to this middle stage primeval essence, or else I would not have been able to open rocks five times in the gambling den. Sitting cross-legged on his bed, Fang Yuan gradually opened his eyes.


It was currently late at night.


After he walked out of the gambling den, he did not tour around any of the other shops, instead heading back to the academy.


Although the market was close to Gu Yue Village, as a rank one initial stage Gu Master, owning five hundred and thirty eight primeval stones was still too much.


Not only because they were heavy and awkward to carry. Such wealth would attract the greed of others; his life would be in danger if he remained.


If a Gu Master who was at least rank one upper stage were to attempt to rob him, at present he would not be able to fight them.


Wealth comes and goes, but humans die because of wealth, it’s pathetic. But what’s laughable is that many people in this world cannot comprehend that. The boat of benefits carries many people, but has also sunk many others. Fang Yuan’s lips curled into a cold smirk as he looked at the gray white primeval stones in his hands.


A complete primeval stone was around the size of a duck egg. But the stone in his hand, as it had been extracted of half of its essence, was quite a bit smaller.


Fang Yuan did not regret it.


Everything had its pros and cons. Fang Yuan was only a C grade talent, and he was using the Liquor Worm to refine his primeval essence. His primeval stone expenditure was multiple times that of his peers. Yet because of that, he was able to overcome his lack of talent. If one were to rank his class by speed of cultivation, he would place in the top three.


Fang Yuan put the primeval stones back into his money bag and took out the final purple-gold fossil.


He had bought a total of six at the gambling den and opened five on the spot, bringing the last one back with him.


His eyes glinted as he activated the Moonlight Gu. He began grinding with his fingers, slowly dissecting the rock.


The fossil gradually shrank under the blue ripples and finally was reduced to nothingness, leaving behind a pile of powder on the ground.


Fang Yuan was not surprised. When rock gambling, you lost nine out of ten times.


Even with his long years of experience, he could only manage eight losses out of ten. And in the two remaining attempts, it depended on whether the Gu was dead or alive.


Dead Gu had basically no value. As for live Gu, they might not be a rare type of Gu worm, and even if it was a tremendously precious Gu, one might attract a life-threatening crisis because of it.


Fang Yuan’s current cultivation level was still very low, almost as low as it could be. If it weren’t for the fact that this was Gu Yue Village, Jia Jin Sheng might have stolen his Mudskin Toad.


Gambling was never a good way to build wealth, it was much more likely to cause bankruptcy and debt. It was not a path that Fang Yuan wanted to take.


Although the final purple-gold fossil did not have a Gu worm, Fang Yuan was not disappointed. In fact, he looked at the pile of rock powder and gradually broke into a smile.


Indeed, the ultimate reason he had entered the gambling den was all for this pile of rock powder. The Mudskin Toad was only something he’d gotten because it was convenient.


He had privately opened the fossil, and other than him, nobody knew what was in it.


From that day forth, he could claim that he had obtained the Liquor Worm from this rock.


This idea was fabulous.


Firstly, nobody could confirm whether a Gu worm really existed in a fossil. Who would dare say that the Liquor Worm could not hibernate within a purple-gold rock? That was completely possible!


Secondly, he had several eyewitnesses. He had obtained a Mudskin Toad, which would’ve left a strong impression on the Gu Masters in the gambling den.


Thirdly, even if someone relentlessly questioned him, he could push everything onto his luck. Luck was something unfathomable. Even if someone suspected that this was the Flower Wine Monk’s Liquor Worm, against an excuse like “luck”, they’d have no idea how to argue against him.


Within the dark room, Fang Yuan’s expression was ominous.


Hiding this kind of secret was like using paper to put out a fire. He would be exposed one day.


To get rid of a hidden threat like the Liquor Worm, he’d have to strike first. This was his style.


Moreover, he had thought about it carefully, and in the cultivation process that was to follow, he would need to expose the Liquor Worm.


The Liquor Worm is extremely precious to rank one Gu Masters, but for rank two Gu Masters, it is useless. Thus, even if it is exposed, all I would get is some attention. It would not affect the overall situation, and thus it is nothing to be concerned over. It’s not like the Spring Autumn Cicada. If the Spring Autumn Cicada were exposed, I might die a horrible death at the very next moment.


Fang Yuan had long understood how people thought.


The Flower Wine Monk’s legacy and the Mudskin Toad. Among my memories, these are the only two treasures here, and now that I have obtained them, all I can do now is cultivate steadily.


Fang Yuan sighed deeply and relaxed his body, feeling a strong sense of fatigue engulfing him.


A Gu Master’s cultivation could not replace sleep.


Fang Yuan pulled up his blanket and lay down on his bed, his eyes still half-open.


Although there were five hundred primeval stones hidden under the bed, as well as many pots of green bamboo wine, he still felt a sense of urgency and danger.


These five hundred primeval stones were, in actuality, a limit. “Prosperity must come to an end.” Fang Yuan understood that, henceforth, his primeval stone expenditure would only grow.


But his income was mostly from extorting his classmates.


He had been increasingly feeling their growth and improvement. Especially in the last few extortions, Mo Chen, Chi Cheng, and his brother Fang Zheng had all greatly improved their martial arts. Previously, he only needed one or two strikes to take them down, but now he needed five or six.


Another three to four weeks, and their punches and kicks will be fully polished. If they were to challenge me one by one, with my current stamina, I would not be able to endure it. Five hundred primeval stones might seem a lot, but with my current expenditure of four stones a day, it is actually not that much.


Qing Mao Mountain already has no treasures left, but nearby on Bai Gu Mountain[1], there is a secret inheritance created by a rank four Gu Master of the righteous path. Unfortunately, two people working together are required to pass some of its trials.


He sighed. It still boils down to the fact that the Flower Wine Monk barely left anything behind. Hmm…there is still that video on the wall, maybe I can sell it to a certain merchant in the caravan…


Fang Yuan continued pondering, his eyelids growing heavier, until he finally fell asleep.


* * *


[1]. Bai Gu Mountain (白骨山) – “White Bone Mountain”


