Chapter 44: Monkey Wine, Liquor Worm


On the next day, in the afternoon during lunch, Fang Yuan went to the market outside the village again.

As most people had to work during the day, there were not many villagers among the tents.

Fang Yuan walked to the area where he remembered a vendor was selling intimate grass last night. He arrived, only to see an empty cart still standing there, an ostricken still hitched to it.

The beast stood there proudly. It resembled a chicken, but its body was, in size and shape, like that of an ostrich, especially in the way its back bulged upwards almost like a camel hump. A pair of wide wings were furled at its sides, and its feathers were all the colors of the rainbow. Its head was raised high, its large red cockscomb like an agate crown, gleaming with the luster of a gem under the sunlight.

It seems I was too late, the intimate grass was all sold. What a pity, I could have saved quite a few primeval stones. Fang Yuan paused for a moment, then continued venturing deeper into the area.

“Come, have a taste of delicious wines from all the different villages. There are more than a hundred types of wine here! Lantern Grass Wine, Nine Tune Wine with its strong aftertaste, the light and elegant Ancient Dragon Well, the sweet and sour Flower Rock Tune, the mouthwatering Hundred Spring Old Cellar, the rich, heavy, and fragrant Intoxication of Three Autumns…” In front of a blue barrel-shaped tent, a shop assistant was hawking his wares with gusto.

A light flashed through Fang Yuan’s eyes as he immediately grew interested. With a turn, he entered the wine shop.

The decor within was very unique.

At the rear of the tent, there was a long counter. A Gu Master was stationed there, with dozens of crystal ladybugs around the size of wicker baskets behind him, stuck to the tent’s cloth walls like decorations.

On the floor there was no carpet, just the uncovered ground of the mountain. Round, slightly cute mushrooms grew from the soil in many vibrant colors. Some were large and wide, serving as tables, and around each of them there were a few smaller ones serving as stools.

These are Innocent Mushrooms, grown by a Gu Master. A type of grass Gu that can absorb dust and particles in the air to purify it. Fang Yuan recognized the mushrooms immediately.

He chose one of the short mushrooms and sat down. He sank a little into it, making him feel like he was sitting on a sofa from Earth.

“Young Master, this is the wine catalog, would you like to take a look?” A shop assistant walked over.

Fang Yuan glanced over it and realized that the wine here was more expensive than green bamboo wine.

“I’ll have a cup of monkey wine.” Fang Yuan put down the catalog.

“A cup of monkey wine!” The shop assistant turned around and shouted.

At the counter, the rank one Gu Master heard and immediately bent down to take out a bamboo wine cup.

Next, he turned around, facing the dozens of crystal ladybugs latched facedown on the walls.

These ladybugs were also a type of Gu. They had hollow stomachs, and were often used by Gu Masters to carry precious liquids.

Their bodies were transparent, as if they were made of crystal. Different kinds of liquor could be seen in their bellies.

The Gu Master quickly found the crystal ladybug that contained the monkey wine among them.

He placed the bamboo wine cup at the mouth of the ladybug, and gently stroked its exoskeleton with his other hand.

A small amount of primeval essence entered the crystal ladybug’s body, and it opened its mouth, letting liquor splash into the wine cup until it was full.

The Gu Master placed the full cup on the counter. The shop assistant quickly took it and walked a few steps to deliver it to Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan only took a tiny sip. The monkey wine was indeed a fruit liquor, sweet and refreshing and delicate on the palate.

He stopped drinking, and with a thought, Fang Yuan summoned his Liquor Worm.

The fat white Gu turned into a flash of light and sailed through the air, landing in the wine cup with a plop.

A bit of wine splashed out onto the mushroom table.

The Liquor Worm joyfully swam about in the wine cup, and in moments it drained the whole cup dry.

“It’s a Liquor Worm!” The Gu Master at the counter shouted, his eyes sparkling. He was a rank one Gu Master with D grade talent, only able to follow the merchant caravan and work in this wine shop. His objective was to travel while looking for opportunities.

The Liquor Worm could refine primeval essence and raise it by an entire realm. To a rank one Gu Master, it was extremely precious. Wasn’t this the chance he’d been painstakingly searching for?

“Young Master, do you have any plans to sell this Liquor Worm?” he asked sincerely, approaching in excitement.

Fang Yuan shook his head firmly and got up to leave.

His motive this time was to reveal the Liquor Worm in his possession; he had never thought of selling it.

“Young Master, Young Master, please hold on. I am really sincere about this, maybe we can sit down and have a discussion.” The Gu Master reluctantly followed Fang Yuan to the tent entrance, but Fang Yuan did not respond.

In the end, he could only stand there, crestfallen, as he watched Fang Yuan turn a corner and disappear into the market.

•••

The sun gradually set, and the crescent moon took its place. Though it shone brightly, it was overpowered by the countless lights from the tents.

The market tonight was swarming with business. Fang Yuan squeezed through the crowd and overheard all sorts of conversations.

“The stores normally open for three days and three nights. The caravan will leave the day after tomorrow, so we should hurry and check everything out.”

“I saw a Golden Bell Gu yesterday, too bad it was so expensive. I tried haggling with the shopkeeper, but he wouldn’t lower the price. I’ll go and have another look tonight.”

“Did you guys hear? Last night, a young man gambled and got a Mudskin Toad and earned five hundred primeval stones!”

•••

Fang Yuan listened attentively, feeling a little disappointed when he did not hear anything about the Liquor Worm.

The Liquor Worm is only a rank one Gu worm, rank two or rank three Gu Masters cannot refine their primeval essence with it. Thus, it is normal that no one paid attention to it. This matter cannot be rushed. If I overdo it, it might end up backfiring. As Fang Yuan walked, he pondered silently in his heart.

Suddenly, there was a commotion ahead.

Fang Yuan heard someone shout, “Quickly, come and see, there’s a dishonest merchant here selling fake Gu to our clansmen!”

A wave of anger swept through the crowd.

“Oh? Did that happen?”

“Go and see, quickly! Which shop dares to cheat our clansmen?!”

Fang Yuan followed the crowd as well.

They all surrounded the mouth of a large red tent. Some were curiously watching, while others stared coldly, but in general there was an aura of hostility in the air.

At the mouth of the tent were two people.

One of them was a young rank two Gu Master, whose attire showed that he was obviously from the Gu Yue Clan.

The other person was familiar — it was the owner of the gambling den, Jia Jin Sheng.

The young Gu Master held a black Gu worm in his hands, raising it up and shouting to the crowd. “My clansmen, this man sold me a fake Gu yesterday. He lied to me and said it was a Black Boar Gu, and sold it to me for two hundred and fifty primeval stones. To think that when I got home to refine it, I realized that it was not a Black Boar Gu, but instead a Smelly Fart Fat Worm Gu!”

Jia Jin Sheng laughed coldly. “Don’t accuse me falsely. Since when did I tell you it was a Black Boar Gu? What proof do you have?”

The young Gu Master fell into a rage and grabbed Jia Jin Sheng’s wrist. “You cunning merchant, you dare to deny it! You actually dare to lie to me, a Gu Yue clansman on Qing Mao Mountain itself, are you looking for death?!”

“Let go of me!” Jia Jin Sheng was also furious as he slapped away the young Gu Master’s hand. “If you want to find trouble and extort someone, you should find a better target. I am not afraid of you! My brother is Jia Fu, a rank four Gu Master. What can you do to me?”

“You!” The young Gu Master glared at him, but did not dare to take action. The name of a rank four Gu Master was enough to intimidate him.

“Bah!” Jia Jin Sheng spat on the ground, raised his head, and looked at the young Gu Master, laughing in disdain. “It was you who wanted to take advantage of the cheap Gu. Why didn’t you use your brain? Why would a Black Boar Gu, a rare Gu that can permanently raise a Gu Master’s strength, be sold even more cheaply than a Liquor Worm? It is normally six hundred primeval stones. Did you think that you could get such a good deal? Dream on!”

“Bastard…” The young Gu Master gritted his teeth, his face flushing red as he trembled in anger, his chest burning with rage and humiliation.

All around in the crowd, whispers of discontent echoed. But no one dared to step up. Jia Fu’s reputation as a rank four Gu Master restrained them.

“This lad is too vicious, what a cunning merchant!”

“No wonder he dared to be so arrogant on Qing Mao Mountain, he is actually Jia Fu’s little brother.”

“I heard that they are just half-brothers, but even with rank one cultivation, he is able to use this relationship to bully others in the caravan.”

“What happened here exactly?” At that moment, a loud voice called out.

“Jia Fu is here!”

“The leader is here to settle the dispute, everyone, give way.”

The discussion came to a halt as the crowd parted.

Jia Fu walked through them to the front of the tent, clad in a yellow robe. He was a short, middle-aged man with a fat belly, yet he was still muscular.

“Sir Jia Fu, my regards.” The young Gu Master was furious, but did not dare to say anything. He forced himself to endure his anger and paid respects to Jia Fu.

Jia Jin Sheng froze and his face went pale. Anger flashed in his eyes. He hadn’t expected his brother to come.

This peculiar expression caught Fang Yuan’s eye as he observed from afar, deep in thought.

