Chapter 45: Already Trapped


“Hello, young Gu Master, what is the problem here?” Jia Fu walked to the middle of the crowd and asked amicably.

The young Gu Master was flattered, and he cupped his fist again. Looking at the surrounding clansmen, he gathered his courage and explained the entire situation.

“So that’s what happened!” Jia Fu nodded while listening. Next, he asked Jia Jin Sheng, “Little Brother, is this true?”

Jia Jin Sheng turned his head away and snorted coldly, not meeting his eyes.

Jia Fu pondered solemnly.

The surrounding people were silent, not daring to interrupt his thoughts. All awaited his verdict.

Jia Jin Sheng had indeed scammed him, but the young Gu Master was also at fault. If he had not been greedy and remained vigilant himself, he would not have been cheated.

If Jia Fu wanted to defend his brother, with his rank four cultivation, even the Gu Yue clan leader could not do anything.

Jia Fu thought for a while before finally speaking. “I’ve understood the situation. My brother is at fault for this matter, causing this young man to suffer a loss and buy fake products. I deeply apologize!” He cupped his fist towards the young Gu Master.

“Sir Jia Fu!” The young Gu Master was astonished. “You are a rank four Gu Master, I am merely rank two, this is too much for me, too much!”

Jia Fu waved his hand. “Haha, this has nothing to do with cultivation levels, I act impartially regardless of ability. A wrong is a wrong, I apologize to you on behalf of the merchant caravan. As for compensation, how about this: you lost two hundred and fifty primeval stones, so I will compensate you with double that amount on behalf of the Jia family.”

He executed his promise immediately, as a follower took out five money bags and handed it to the young Gu Master in public.

Every money bag was filled to the brim, each containing a hundred primeval stones.

The young Gu Master took the money bags, so overwhelmed that he could not say anything.

“However, I have a word of advice for you,” Jia Fu continued. “A Black Boar Gu is very rare, for it is able to raise a Gu Master’s strength permanently. Although it is only rank one, it is very hard to find on the market. Every time one appears, it will be bought immediately, and it goes for around six hundred primeval stones. Trying to get one with two hundred and fifty primeval stones is unrealistic.”

“I have learned my lesson!” The young Gu Master bowed deeply to Jia Fu in gratitude.

Cheers erupted from the crowd.

“Sir Jia Fu is brilliant!”

“Magnificent, as expected of Sir Jia Fu!”

“As a rank four Gu Master, he did not make use of his status to bully the weaker party, Sir Jia Fu really is a role model of the righteous path.”

“No, no.” Jia Fu smiled, cupping his fists towards the crowd, modestly saying, “Our Jia family business is built on trust and honesty. Everyone, my brother is young and foolish and likes to play pranks on others. He is actually very kind, I hope everyone can bear with him and not take it to heart.”

The crowd’s cheers became even louder.

“Hmph!” Jia Jin Sheng’s expression was ugly as he stomped away into the nearby tent and out the back.

Fang Yuan observed the whole ordeal quietly. It seems that the video in the Flower Wine Monk’s cave can be sold.

To maximize his profits, Fang Yuan had wanted to sell the video long ago. He believed that the other two clans on Qing Mao Mountain, the Bai family and the Xiong family, would be very interested in it.

But selling it personally would be a terrible idea. His cultivation was too weak, and if he brought it to the other villages, he could easily be silenced.

Even if the transaction was successful and he managed to return safely, there was no secret that would stay a secret forever. Once it was revealed to the Gu Yue Clan’s elders, he would be lucky if he was merely exiled from the clan.

Fang Yuan still needed to make use of the Gu Yue Clan. Thus, the safest way was to sell it to a merchant in the caravan. It was the best choice: they were outsiders and weren’t involved in the clans’ disputes.

In just one day, the caravan would leave Gu Yue Village and head towards either Xiong Village or Bai Village. Fang Yuan could reduce his risks to the minimum by selling it to them before they left.

•••

“One more cup! Wine, where’s my wine? Quickly, get me wine, are you afraid that I’m unable to pay?”

Jia Jin Sheng slammed the mushroom table as he roared.

“Young Master Jia, here’s your wine!” The clerk quickly brought him a bamboo cup.

Jia Jin Sheng grabbed it and threw back his head, gulping down the liquor.

“Good wine!” He laughed loudly, sounding coarse and bleak.

With a bang, he placed the cup on the table and roared again. “Get me another glass, I’ll drink you dry tonight!”

The clerks did not dare to offend him and could only do as he said.

Luckily, this wine house was already full of people. Not only were the mushroom tables packed, even the surrounding streets were crowded. Jia Jin Sheng’s drunken belligerence was not very peculiar in this bustling street.

Jia Jin Sheng drank again and again, drowning his sorrows. With his back facing the crowd, no one could see that as he drank, tears flowed down his cheeks.

Who would know of his pain, his sorrow?

A hateful person had their pitiful side. Everybody had their own stories.

Among his brothers, he was the youngest. As he was the most handsome and most closely resembled his father, his father doted on him more than any of his siblings. But heaven made a mockery of him by giving him only D grade talent.

As he grew up, he lived under the oppression of his brothers. He was indignant and wanted to resist, but with that talent, there was nothing he could do.

His father felt death approaching and wanted to split his assets. His children were to pair off and lead merchant caravans. They pledged to break up the family property in accordance with the results.

Jia Jin Sheng wanted to rely on his own methods to acquire the family assets and the recognition of his clan. But in the end, he became his brother’s stepping stone once again.

When Jia Fu appeared, he knew he had fallen into a trap. It was a scheme right from the beginning. But what could he do? Once he entered this caravan, he was doomed to be fodder for his brother. The difference between rank four and rank one was too great, and he was powerless to fight against it.

“Jia Fu!” He forced this name out of his mouth, his eyes burning with the flames of hatred. He could not take it lying down!

“Do you wish to deal with your brother? I can help you.” At that moment, he heard a voice.

Jia Jin Sheng was stunned. When he turned, he saw that there was someone sitting beside him, seemingly for quite a while.

He shook his head and blinked a few times, finally seeing who it was.

Who else if not Fang Yuan?

“It’s you!” He stared at Fang Yuan, slightly angry, “I remember you! Lucky lad, getting a Mudskin Toad from my gambling den! You’re here to mock me?”

Fang Yuan looked at Jia Jin Sheng, his eyes cold. “I have a great business opportunity for you, so if you wish to acquire better results and get more of your family’s assets, why not listen to me?”

Jia Jin Sheng was suspicious. His back straightened and he sat up, “How do you know about the matter of the family assets?”

This secret was not easily known to outsiders, but Fang Yuan was easily able to guess it.

“The Jia family’s business is not top secret. How can it evade people who wish to know?” Fang Yuan laughed coldly and thought of a memory from his previous life.

The Jia family head was a legendary figure who started from scratch. He made his fortune through merchant caravans and revived his family’s village. He grew old, and when he could feel that his time was up, he got his children to form caravans in pairs. He would split the assets among them based on their performance as merchants.

But his eldest son Jia Fu and second son Jia Gui were extremely talented. After competing for six or seven years, they still could not come to a conclusion, and even after their father died, there was no clear victor.

The fortune he left was truly enormous. While competing for it, the two brothers’ conflict escalated, and eventually they called in external help and held a great Gu battle competition. In the end, both of them died. The Jia family that had prospered quickly fell just as quickly, causing people to talk about them in amazement.

Jia Jin Sheng’s eyes narrowed. Fang Yuan’s explanation was irrefutable. It’s already been two years since my father started this competition for his fortune. There are no impenetrable walls in the world, so even if someone found out about it, it’s nothing strange.

His real worry was whether this was another trap by Jia Fu. But no matter what, there was no harm listening.

Fang Yuan did not speak immediately. He surveyed the surroundings. This was the same wine shop he had visited this afternoon. The shop operated independently, and at night, it was bustling with customers.

It was much safer to speak here than somewhere quiet, as they could avoid the eavesdropping of certain Gu worms.

He beckoned Jia Jin Sheng closer. “Lend me your ear.”

Jia Jin Sheng snorted unhappily, but still leaned forward.

After hearing Fang Yuan’s description, he frowned and looked at Fang Yuan coldly. “This business involves the three families on Qing Mao Mountain, and we merchants detest getting involved in other people’s disputes. Hmph, you were sent here by Jia Fu to harm me, right?”

Fang Yuan had long expected him to be suspicious. He did not bother to explain further; he stood up and began to leave. “Hah, in that case, I’ll go talk to your brother.”

Jia Jin Sheng’s eyes narrowed as he stared at Fang Yuan. Only when Fang Yuan had left the wine shop did he lose his patience. He jogged out of the tent and caught up. “Fine, we can talk.”

Fang Yuan placed both hands behind his back, glancing at him coldly. “I know you are suspicious of me, but now that your brother has caught you so firmly, you’re almost finished. If you choose to believe in me, there’s still hope. If not, you’re doomed. Are you daring enough to take this bet?”

Jia Jin Sheng’s expression changed as he corrected Fang Yuan. “I have never acknowledged Jia Fu as my brother! But you’re right, I’m taking this bet.”

Fang Yuan said solemnly, “Two thousand primeval stones, no haggling.”

Jia Jin Sheng laughed bitterly. “That’s too expensive, this trade involves high risk.”

“The greater the risk, the greater the rewards.” Fang Yuan shook his head, his attitude firm. “If you sell it to the other two clans, you will only earn that much more.”

Jia Jin Sheng nodded, showing a hint of seriousness. “True. The Bai family has been growing fast, and an A grade talent called Bai Ning Bing has appeared recently; he has a great future ahead. Qing Mao Mountain’s situation is gradually changing. Your Gu Yue family’s dominance is wavering, and if I sell this to the Bai family, I can earn at least twice as much!”

Hearing Jia Jin Sheng’s understanding of the situation, Fang Yuan could not help but reevaluate him. It seems he truly has merchant’s blood. He’s no spoiled rich kid.

Jia Jin Sheng sighed. “Regardless of whether this is a trap, I’m jumping in. I promise you, two thousand primeval stones it is! However, I want to see the merchandise first.”

“Of course, come with me.” Fang Yuan laughed as he led the way. Jia Jin Sheng had already taken the bait, and the situation was fully in Fang Yuan’s grasp.

