Chapter 46: Don’t Think Too Much


Fang Yuan brought Jia Jin Sheng to the secret cave in the mountain.


The two entered the crack in the stone, and the path became narrower as their vision was dyed in darkness. Jia Jin Sheng grew more vigilant in the unfamiliar environment.


Finally, he could not hold in his curiosity. “I have a question. Jia Fu always treats people with honesty; he’s amicable and has a good reputation. On the other hand, I lied and cheated and coerced people. Why did you choose to deal with me and not him?”


Fang Yuan’s voice echoed through the crack. “Because his cultivation is too high, so if he sees the video, he can choose whether to deal with me or just give the image wall to the Gu Yue clan head. I do not like giving decision-making power to others; furthermore, I do not believe in integrity. His ‘prestigious’ reputation is just because the profits are small and unable to incur his greed.”


More importantly, it was because Jia Jin Sheng’s position was special, his cultivation was weak, and he was easy to manipulate. Of course, Fang Yuan didn’t mention that.


Jia Jin Sheng laughed dryly, his suspicions mostly dispelled. “That last sentence really resonated with me.”


The two finally reached the secret cave.


Jia Jin Sheng saw the video at once, and could not help but laugh loudly. “Haha, I guessed right, you didn’t lie to me!”


Fang Yuan stood behind him, laughing lightly, not saying anything.


Jia Jin Sheng looked at the wall, seeing the changing images and the animosity between the Flower Wine Monk and the fourth generation clan leader.


He watched it though once and then turned to Fang Yuan. “Your fourth generation ancestor doesn’t look that strong, huh,” he mocked.


Fang Yuan replied, “This is nothing. The Gu Yue Clan needed a hero, thus he became a hero. In the near future, the Bai Clan will need a despicable villain, so he will become a villain. Hero, villain, it’s just people’s opinions.”


“Well said!” Jia Jin Sheng laughed as he surveyed the cave.


His sight fell on the Flower Wine Monk’s corpse, and he stared at it for a while before saying, “What a pity, a rank five powerhouse. You’ve gotten a lot out of him, I take it?”


A rank five Gu Master’s inheritance was significant. Jia Jin Sheng’s heart beat faster when he considered it, and he could not help but ask.


Fang Yuan shook his head. “It’s been so long, most of his Gu were dead. I only got a Liquor Worm.”


Jia Jin Sheng did not believe him. “Don’t lie to me, Brother. As long as this deal goes through, we are accomplices, I won’t reveal anything. Tell me honestly, what did you gain from this?”


Fang Yuan laughed coldly and did not bother replying.


Jia Jin Sheng’s response was anticipated, and this was also why Fang Yuan chose him over Jia Fu.


Jia Jin Sheng continued, “At the very least, I know the Flower Wine Monk had a Thousand Li Earthwolf Spider. It is a large rank five mount Gu, proficient in burrowing underground. The Flower Wine Monk was a demonic cultivator, and his ability to move freely was mostly due to this Thousand Li Earthwolf Spider, allowing him to escape from the righteous path.”


“Oh, there was something like that?” Fang Yuan frowned. He did not know much about the Flower Wine Monk.


Jia Jin Sheng smugly said, “I came to your village last year and heard this legend and I found it interesting, so I went home and researched it. The Thousand Li Earthwolf Spider and Flower Wine Monk were inseparable, and in my opinion, it should have been used to dig this cave. How could a cave like this form naturally in Qing Mao Mountain’s rich, heavy soil? Brother, you don’t have to conceal it anymore. The Flower Wine Monk died here, so his Thousand Li Earthwolf Spider is definitely here!”


Fang Yuan frowned even more deeply, feeling a sense of discomfort, his gaze grim. “Yes, there are no other exits here. The Thousand Li Earthwolf Spider is massive, it would not have been able to squeeze out from the crack we just walked through. However, there is a possibility that it was killed in the battle with the clan head. From the image wall, we can see that, even when the Flower Wine Monk was fighting, he did not summon it.”


“That makes the situation even more peculiar. This cave is not formed naturally, thus it has to be created by the Flower Wine Monk. Without the Thousand Li Earthwolf Spider, would he have any other methods?” Jia Jin Sheng looked at Fang Yuan suspiciously.


Fang Yuan’s brow formed into a knot as he felt more and more uncertain. From Jia Jin Sheng’s information, he found out something: it appeared as if there was a crucial point that he had missed.


He could not help but fall into deep thought.


Jia Jin Sheng was thinking too. The image wall was no longer enough for him. Now that he had confirmed that the situation was real, he wanted to get the Flower Wine Monk’s inheritance from Fang Yuan.


But at that moment, something unexpected happened!


The image wall, which had been looping endlessly, suddenly changed.


An image of a gravely injured, pale, and bald Gu Master replaced the original video.


He sprawled weakly on the ground, his back against the wall. His chest and limbs were deeply cut, but strangely, his wounds did not bleed, as if all his blood had been drained.


“I am the Flower Wine Monk.” The bald Gu Master laughed, his expression distorted with madness. “You from the future, no matter who you are, to endure this video and let it play for nearly one hundred days, it proves that you have no good will towards the Gu Yue Clan. Very well, you shall be my successor! My entire inheritance is yours, but I have a condition. You must exterminate the Gu Yue Clan for me. Murder them all and leave no one alive!”


Jia Jin Sheng was stunned, his face frozen in shock.


The inheritance of the Flower Wine Monk, a rank five powerhouse!


He stood motionless, his brain going into overdrive.


My god! To think that in the middle of nowhere, there is a rank five Gu Master’s inheritance!


Wait, the Flower Wine Monk is a demonic cultivator, so if I inherit his powers, is it inappropriate? No, strength has nothing to do with good or evil. The Flower Wine Monk wants his successor to destroy the Gu Yue Clan, but do I really have to? He’s already dead, I just have to take his inheritance and ignore those issues.


This is a godsent opportunity. Even with my D grade talent, if I get the Flower Wine Monk’s inheritance, it might contain some of those rare talent-raising Gu worms. If I become a rank four or five Gu Master, I’d be able to compete with Jia Fu!


Wait! I almost forgot, there’s an outsider, what should I do?


Should I split the inheritance with him? No, kill him! Only by killing him can I protect this secret. Yes, I should calm him down first, and lie that we’re going to split the treasure. Get him to lower his guard, then kill him here. This place is so hidden, it’s perfect. Even if I kill him, nobody would know.


His mind was racing, and he managed to come up with a plan in moments.


Thus prepared, he narrowed his eyes and revealed a fake smile.


He slowly turned around and faced Fang Yuan, but just as he was about to speak, he saw two blue moonblades flying towards him.


His eyes shrank. They were too close, he could not respond in time!


“You…” His voice came to a halt.


The moonblades were well-aimed, and in an instant, his skull flew into the air, fresh blood pouring out from his neck like a fountain.


After a brief pause, his corpse plopped on the ground.


The scalding blood sprayed on the mountain walls, dyeing the withering vines red.


“Don’t think so much when killing people.” Fang Yuan looked at the corpse calmly and then shifted his gaze towards the image wall.


“To think there was such a twist here. How interesting,” he muttered, as an eerie light flashed in his eyes.


