Chapter 47: I Did Not Want to Kill You


The rain crashed down.


Gray clouds covered the sky, and the mountain ranges in the distance blended into a mass of black ink.


The rain curtain wove heaven and earth together.


Crack!


There was a sudden flash, and a bolt of lightning cut across the sky like a silver snake, vanishing in an instant.


Summer was approaching, and the last heavy rains of spring seemed to carry a trace of the warmth of summer.


On Qing Mao Mountain, great expanses of jade green spear bamboo stood tall and straight, defying the winds and rain.


In Gu Yue Village, row upon row of raised houses endured the cleansing torrent. Outside the village, the caravan had already set out on their journey once again.


“The rain is heavy, watch your step on the road.”


“Don’t fall behind! Gu Masters, handle your Gu properly, especially the beetle worm. Don’t block the mountain road!”


“Mortal martial fighters, keep your eyes open and pay careful attention. Lose a single thing and you’ll be paying for it!”


There was an endless stream of shouts rising and falling in succession from the merchant caravan.


After stopping at Gu Yue Village for three days, it was time for them to leave and follow the mountain path through Qing Mao Mountain towards their next destination.


The heavy rain cleansed heaven and earth. The roads surrounding the village were paved with cobblestone, but after around five hundred meters beyond the outskirts, they transformed into narrow, muddy mountain paths.


The heads of the proud ostrickens were drooping, their colorful rainbow feathers soaking wet under the rain, clumping together, leaving them drenched and bedraggled.


The fat beetle worm wriggled its enormous body, slowly crawling forward. The rain beat upon its black armor, forming into streams that cascaded down either side.


The shaggy mountain spiders were also drenched, and their green-black hair became matted.


Contrary to the rest, the toad Gu were happily croaking as they carried goods and Gu Masters alike, hopping along the road. The winged snakes had already furled their wings, appearing quite cheerful as they slithered through the muddy water.


To protect the goods and prevent them from getting drenched by the rainwater, Gu Masters were showing their magical abilities.


A few Gu Masters stood atop the beetle worm, raising their hands to the sky. Each of them had a One-Stretch Golden Light Worm floating an inch away from their palms.


Green copper primeval essence rose like steam, pouring into the worms’ bodies. The Gu flashed with yellow light, radiating outwards and forming a tremendous, faintly golden bubble dome.


The dome was truly enormous. It was able to completely cover the beetle worm with some space left over.


As the rain smashed down upon the light bubble, it bounced away, as though it were striking an umbrella. However, the One-Stretch Golden Light Worm continuously consumed primeval essence, and in the long run the rank one Gu Masters would run out.


Sure enough, after a while, a Gu Master shouted, “My primeval essence is almost exhausted, who can take over?”


“I can!” Almost simultaneously, a Gu Master rushed forward and replaced him.


A few Gu Masters pulling the carriages or riding the mountain spiders activated their Green Silk Gu.


Under its influence, their hair started to grow furiously.


A normal person had around a hundred thousand strands of hair on their heads. When the strands grew to over five meters long and twined together all over the Gu Master’s body, they formed an impenetrable raincoat.


The Green Silk Gu was a rank one Gu worm, often used for defense. It used 30% green copper primeval essence to activate but none afterwards, unlike One-Stretch Golden Light Worm which required continuous expenditure.


This Green Silk Gu could be combined with the rank one Black Boar Gu to become the rank two Black Mane Gu.


The Black Mane Gu, when activated, would not only grow the hair on one’s head, but also the hair on one’s pores. In moments, the Gu Master’s body would gain a black mane of protective armor.


The Black Mane Gu’s advancement path was a famous rank three Gu, the Steel Mane Gu.


Other than the One-Stretch Golden Light Worm and Green Silk Gu, many of the caravan’s Gu Masters also used Water Spider Gu. These Gu Masters had a thin layer of water covering their bodies, forming a raincoat.


Water swirled continuously on the raincoat’s surface. As raindrops fell on it, they would immediately fuse into the barrier.


Since the Gu Masters were continuously soaking under the rain, the layer of water on their bodies would grow thicker. Every now and then, they would have to activate the Water Spider Gu and shed the excess water, reducing the raincoat to its original thin layer.


As for the mortal warriors, they were constantly on the move, watching over the goods. Most of them wore raincoats made of straw, but in all the rush and confusion, they had limited effect, so they were already drenched.


This damn weather! the warriors cursed in their hearts.


The mountain trails had become even more treacherous.


Martial artists might be physically strong, but they were still mortals. Once their bodies were drenched by rain, coupled with intense labor, they would easily catch a cold. That would be the lightest consequence; if they were unlucky, they might develop a deeper illness, and if they were gravely ill, they might be abandoned.


If they slipped off the mountain trails or fought with wild beasts and Gu worms, they might lose their lives.


The caravan was large, and had many Gu Masters. But every time they set out, by the end, many would die. Mortals died the most, but even Gu Masters would suffer injuries and casualties.


If the caravan was unlucky enough to encounter a great beast migration, they might even get wiped out completely.


Other than natural disasters, there were also problems caused by humans. Some villages did not welcome caravans. Some even robbed them.


“We’re leaving, see you next year!” Some Gu Masters atop their mounts turned to bid farewell.


At the entrance of the village, many people gathered as they sent the caravan off.


“You must come again next year!” Reluctant to see them depart, the children shouted loudly.


The adults had more complicated expressions.


“The road ahead is unforeseen. In these hard times, how many who return to the village next year will still be familiar faces?”


“Be it in a caravan or in the village, it is not easy to earn a living.”


As the caravan traveled further and further, the crowd dispersed.


The cheerful and lighthearted market atmosphere had also vanished. The space formerly occupied by tents and shops was left a mess. The grass and soil had been trampled by the crowds, leaving it covered in potholes and reduced to mud beneath the rain. In addition, there was a lot of garbage left over.


Fang Yuan stood alone on a secluded hillside, watching the merchant caravan from far away. It was like a fat, colorful python, snaking through the narrow mountain road under the gray of the rain, slowly entering the dense mountain forest.


Ah, the heavens are sending their blessings… Fang Yuan sighed lightly.


He held a butter-yellow paper umbrella, standing quietly in the rain.


He wore a robe of plain flax, his body slim, with the pale skin of a fifteen-year-old. His short black hair was neat and tidy, the ends trembling slightly in the wind.


While others were cursing the weather, he was celebrating the timely appearance of the rain.


He had killed Jia Jin Sheng last night and cleaned up the scene, but because it had happened so unexpectedly, there were bound to be areas of neglect. Especially the smell of blood: since the cave had no ventilation, it could not disperse easily.


The rain would clean the air and environment, greatly reducing the chances of being exposed by smell-based tracking methods. A waterfall was bound to form in front of the rock crack once again, and once the fresh water vapor diluted the air, he would not be exposed for the time being.


Of course, as time went on, the chances of being found out increased.


In this world, there were all sorts of Gu worms, and investigative methods were abundant. Even Fang Yuan only knew a portion of them.


The rain went pitter patter as it struck the yellow umbrella. The water flowed off of it, splashing onto the limestone beneath his feet.


Seeing the caravan round the corner, completely disappearing into the forest, Fang Yuan did not show a hint of relief, but instead looked grim.


In all the chaos of packing up to leave, nobody has noticed that Jia Jin Sheng is missing. But once some time passes, it will definitely be found out. Jia Fu will return to investigate, and the real challenge will begin.


The Jia family head chose to pair off his children in their caravans for a reason, Jia Jin Sheng and Jia Fu especially so. In terms of cultivation, they are worlds apart. In terms of cunning, they’re also incomparable. He intends to humble Jia Jin Sheng, let him be clear of reality, and learn to live life peacefully. At the same time, he is testing Jia Fu’s nature, for if he bullies his own brother, how can Jia Fu be given the position of clan head?


Jia Jin Sheng never truly understood his father’s intentions. Although he had some intelligence, he only managed to scratch the surface of a merchant’s wits. What a pity. What a waste of such a good pawn piece.


With five hundred years of experience, he could easily see past the surface and understand the true nature of the situation.


When he saw the dispute between the two that night, he could see the complicated relationship between them. A vague plan formed in his heart at that time.


In his plan, Jia Jin Sheng was a very suitable pawn. His cultivation was weak, but he held a high position in the caravan, and although he had some wits, he had little experience. Fang Yuan could easily manipulate him.


Once controlled, this pawn would be extremely useful.


Firstly, he could build a strong smuggling network through this relationship, preparing for the future where he might need to sell ill-gotten gains.


Secondly, Fang Yuan could hide in the background and use the sale of the video to stir up conflict among Qing Mao Mountain’s three families, causing a civil war and enabling him to reap the rewards.


Thirdly, Fang Yuan could rely on him to make his way into the Jia family’s inner circle. In the future, the Jia family inheritance dispute would cause a large Gu battle competition, and there would be many opportunities there. Fang Yuan could make use of this to acquire the greatest benefits for himself.


My cultivation is still too low, restraining me greatly. If I had a pawn, I could do some things that I could not attempt alone. It would not only be convenient, but it would also lower the risk. If my schemes were exposed, I could simply discard the pawn and stay safe myself.


My clansmen know the situation well and are loyal to the family, so they aren’t suitable for this. Only an outsider like Jia Jin Sheng could be used to execute my plans. Unfortunately, I did not expect the Flower Wine Monk to leave behind a proper inheritance.


The Flower Wine Monk was a rank five Gu Master. His inheritance was definitely more valuable than this pawn.


Ideally, he would like to have them both, but in face of such treasure, Jia Jin Sheng could no longer be controlled. Thus, he had to be discarded.


Nothing will go smoothly forever in this world. Fang Yuan sighed and shook his head.


The Flower Wine Monk’s inheritance appeared and disrupted Fang Yuan’s original plans. In addition, after the Flower Wine Monk’s final message, the video had vanished, leaving a line written in blood telling Fang Yuan to destroy the image wall and reveal a cavern entrance. Following the trail, he would be able to get the inheritance.


The bloody writing only appeared for a few breaths before vanishing, leaving only an ordinary cave wall.


Fang Yuan spent the entire night cleaning up the murder scene and had no time to follow up on the inheritance.


Killing Jia Jin Sheng has left me with many problems. Although I succeeded in getting rid of the evidence, there is bound to be trouble coming for me in the future. In that case, I will have to change my way of exposing the Liquor Worm. I cannot go to the secret cave behind the image wall either. I have to stay in the village for some time in anticipation of any investigations in the near future.


Fang Yuan turned around, walking in the rain with his umbrella, heading towards the village.


But this is fine too. I can spend a large amount of primeval stones during this period to break through to middle stage. Then my power will double, allowing me to get the inheritance more easily and with greater confidence.


A demonic cultivator’s inheritance was not as mild and gentle as a righteous cultivator’s: there were often dangerous tests and tasks, and failure could cost one’s life.


The world is hard to predict, but it is precisely this that makes it interesting. Fang Yuan smiled coldly.


The mountain extended far into the distance, its green mixed with the gray of the rain, making it appear stifling and heavy.


A gust of wind blew, and the raindrops were carried with it, dampening Fang Yuan’s shoulders and giving him a chill.


He thought about Jia Jin Sheng again.


Sighing in his heart, he thought, Jia Jin Sheng, actually I…did not want to kill you.


What a waste of a good pawn.


