Chapter 48: A Little Cute


It rained for four days before stopping.

The sun rose high into the sky, tearing away the rain curtain, like it was unveiling summer itself.

The breath of summer was already coming.

The weather became increasingly sunny and cloudless, sweeping away the sentimentality of spring, and the temperature slowly rose.

In the night, the lively dragonpill crickets had retreated, cowering deep in the earth to lay their eggs. The green spear bamboo specially found on Qing Mao Mountain had started to flourish, and nearly every day its growth was obvious to the naked eye.

The grass and the trees began to darken from the emerald of spring. The neverending mountains appeared even more verdant and lush.

The weather was clear for thousands of miles, the sky a brilliant, crystalline blue.

Bang, bang, bang.

At the training grounds in the academy, the sounds of punches and kicks echoed.

After exchanging a dozen blows, Fang Yuan kicked Mo Bei in the abdomen. Mo Bei stumbled several steps backwards, beyond the circle that marked the border of the arena.

The martial arts instructor stood before the stage, acting as referee. Seeing this, he immediately declared, “Gu Yue Mo Bei has exited the stage, Gu Yue Fang Yuan wins for the thirty-third consecutive time!”

“Hmph, I lost to you again.” Mo Bei gritted his teeth, glaring daggers at Fang Yuan. “But don’t be arrogant. One day, I will defeat you. I can already feel it, that day is nearing!”

Fang Yuan looked at him expressionlessly, and then his eyelids drooped. “That kick earlier caused you to have internal bleeding. I’d advise you to treat that injury first.”

“This is nothing!” Mo Bei was in the middle of retorting, when suddenly his expression changed. He gulped, then vomited blood.

His face was pale. This was the first time he had suffered this level of injury! A hint of fear flickered in his eyes.

The martial arts instructor hurried over and calmed him. “Don’t worry, you just need to rest for a few days. Just stop practicing your martial arts, and no vigorous exercise during this period.”

The moment he finished his instruction, two healing Gu Masters who were waiting to the side rushed over and carefully tended to Mo Bei.

Mo Bei did not dare to say anything else, but he stared at Fang Yuan, his eyes filled with anger, hatred, regret, and indignation.

“Mo Bei has good techniques, but he couldn’t beat Fang Yuan.”

“Fang Yuan is too good, basically no one can beat him!”

“Mo Bei actually vomited blood after fighting Fang Yuan, how scary. I don’t want to fight a guy like that.”

“But the instructor said today is practice combat in the arena! Each of us needs to go up and fight once.”

The students stood outside the arena, some looking towards Fang Yuan in fear, some sighing, some pale, and others full of trepidation.

Among them, some were injured. A few held their bruised faces, and some held their limbs, gasping for breath. Others were collapsed on the ground, rubbing their thighs.

Seeing that there were no challengers coming up, the instructor yelled, “Next!”

However, no one answered. Usually, the only ones brave enough to challenge Fang Yuan were Mo Bei, Chi Cheng, and Fang Zheng. But they had already been beaten.

Silence swept across the students. Some even took a step back. The instructor frowned at their fearful expressions.

He could not help but think of the academy elder’s words: “Recently, Fang Yuan has become too dominant, we have to suppress him. The other students cannot even raise their heads under his pressure, and if this goes on, the courage in their hearts will be stifled. Our academy nurtures courageous tigers and wolves to fight our enemies, not fearful sheep and lambs.”

“What’s wrong with all of you? No matter how strong he is, Fang Yuan is only fifteen years old, he’s one of your peers! He is the same age as you, eats the same food as you, and drinks the same water. He does not have three heads or six arms, he’s not a monster! Pluck up your courage and show me the pride of the Gu Yue Clan within you!” the instructor yelled, trying his best to motivate the students.

“But he’s too strong, we can’t beat him.”

“Everyone who fought him is in a pitiful state. Mo Bei even got beaten until he vomited blood.”

“Fang Yuan is getting more ruthless with his strikes, instructor, we do not dare to fight him.”

The students replied weakly.

The instructor was so angry he almost stomped his feet. These ignorant kids!

As a bystander, he was clear of the situation. Fang Yuan had gone through thirty-three consecutive fights without any rest. Although he was constantly adjusting his breathing, his stamina had almost been depleted.

Fang Yuan’s attacks becoming merciless proved this fact even further. He could no longer take it easy like before, he was losing control of his strength and the situation.

If someone tried harder, his fatigue would be revealed. With just a few more people, he could be defeated on the stage!

Once Fang Yuan was beaten, his dominating presence would be reduced sharply, the students’ courage would be ignited, and Fang Yuan would be suppressed.

But right now, the students were deterred by Fang Yuan’s tough facade.

At times, what defeated a person was not a strong enemy, but their own heart.

The instructor was anxious, and continued trying to motivate them.

But he was not good with words. In the beginning, he said the same things to ignite their competitive desires, but now that he had said those words so many times, the students were numb to them.

Fang Yuan folded his arms and watched coldly. Although he was standing in the center of the stage, he was acting like a complete bystander.

The instructor kept trying, but the students were still looking at each other. Not one had moved.

The instructor could not help but be angry. He turned to Fang Yuan, chiding him. “Fang Yuan, you’re also at fault. Your blows are getting more savage. You should be more gentle and friendly with your classmates, how can you deal such vicious blows? Pay more attention from now on and attack carefully. If you cause another classmate to vomit blood, I will declare it your loss and evict you from the stage!”

“Instructor, you are wrong.”

Fang Yuan snorted. He did not shy away and met the teacher’s eyes. “When practicing and fighting, we naturally have to give it our all, otherwise how can it be called training? Don’t tell me that when we are in battle, we also have to request that our enemies be more gentle and friendly?”

The instructor flew into a rage. “Hmph, your attacks are vicious, you are harming your classmates and you dare to use twisted logic!”

“Instructor, you’re wrong again.”

Fang Yuan laughed coldly. “You arranged this practice match and set the winner’s prize at twenty primeval stones. Without your encouragement, would these people have gotten hurt?”

“Bastard!” The martial arts instructor was not good with words, and he pointed at Fang Yuan and scowled. “Do you still want the prize or not? If you argue any further, even if you get first place, I will declare it your loss! You are uncooperative and antisocial, and you dare to argue with your teachers, you have no right to claim the twenty primeval stone reward!”

Fang Yuan laughed heartily. “It’s merely twenty primeval stones, do you think I give a damn?”

At that, he turned around and left. Under the class’ distraught gaze, he walked out of the arena.

Although he did not manage to sell the video, Fang Yuan still had several hundred primeval stones in his possession. Furthermore, his aim this time was not primeval stones.

“You!” Seeing Fang Yuan really walking off the stage, the instructor was dumbstruck.

Shouldn’t a fifteen-year-old teen be competitive and full of vigor?

With such fighting talent, shouldn’t he be even more so? How could he just back out of the competition like this?

Furthermore, Fang Yuan had no background, he should be tight on money. Why were the twenty primeval stones unable to attract him?

At this point, the martial arts instructor stood motionless, unsure of what to do.

Fang Yuan did not step into the trap and left the stage immediately.

The instructor suddenly realized that there was nothing he could do to Fang Yuan. As a teacher, he couldn’t just force him to fight, right? The surrounding students retreated, maintaining some distance from Fang Yuan. He stood alone on the practice grounds, no one within five steps of him.

What a pity.

If they were beside Fang Yuan, they would hear him panting.

My stamina is depleted, Fang Yuan sighed internally. Although he acted energetic, under his clothes, his body was slightly shivering.

After all, he was only fifteen years old and had no relevant Gu worm as support. After thirty-three matches, he was close to his limits.

Although he had his rich fighting experience from his past life, the other students’ combat abilities had improved significantly since the start of the school year. Fang Yuan could already feel a strengthening sense of pressure.

This pressure was reflected in Fang Yuan’s attacks, which became more violent as he gradually lost control of his strength. In the past, the other students were too weak and he could easily defeat them, so they only suffered minor injuries. But now, his control over the arena was getting weaker, and he had to strike harder to maintain his image.

Experience is, after all, not omnipotent. Any thoughts or techniques require a body with sufficient foundation to show their value. Fang Yuan narrowed his eyes. In actuality, he had long seen through the martial instructor’s thoughts.

Fang Yuan was not surprised. He had expected the academy elder to begin putting pressure on him.

After he killed Gao Wan, few dared to challenge him. When he extorted them, more and more of them did not resist and obediently handed over their primeval stones.

After a period of time, he would be seen as unbeatable. This would leave some psychological trauma in the youngsters and make them lack confidence in their martial arts techniques. The academy elder did not want to see this. He needed Fang Yuan to motivate them and force them to improve, not to completely extinguish their passion for battle.

He wanted to see Fang Yuan’s defeat.

Once Fang Yuan was defeated, the image of invincibility that he had erected would be instantly destroyed.

At the same time, it would awaken the students’ fighting spirit. After some setbacks, it would mold their wills to be indomitable.

But Fang Yuan needed this invincible image so that he could extort primeval stones with greater ease.

If he was defeated, the youngsters would realize his weakness and attack him all together. Although Fang Yuan had ample primeval stones in his hands, extortion was his main source of income. Without this source, he would be digging into his reserves.

Thus, Fang Yuan’s appearance in the arena and thirty-three consecutive victories was merely to maintain his image, and not for the twenty primeval stones reward.

If he avoided combat from the start, it would show his weakness, and if he continued as the instructor demanded, it would expose his weakness.

“What are you all waiting for, why is nobody getting up on the stage, go on! The first prize is twenty primeval stones, you all don’t want it anymore?” the instructor yelled after snapping out of his thoughts.

The rest of the students began to get motivated.

Fang Yuan had already left the stage, and to them, it was a huge weight off their minds.

“I’ll go!”

“I’ll come!”

Two youngsters squeezed their way up onto the stage and began to spar.

“If I had known he was going to leave, I would have waited. Then I would not have been knocked out by Fang Yuan.”

“What a pity, to think Fang Yuan left.”

“He’s really daring, see, even the instructor is at a loss for what to do with him.”

Hearing their whispers, the instructor felt his reputation crumbling. He was extremely agitated in his heart and wanted to punish Fang Yuan thoroughly. However, Fang Yuan had done nothing wrong, and leaving the stage of his own accord was allowed.

The instructor was both helpless and moody. In the end, he merely glared at Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan sneered a little as he thought, Such boorish methods, this instructor is a little cute.

