Chapter 49: Not Afraid He Will Escape Their Grasp


A pair of solemn eyes observed the distant training grounds.


The academy elder stood at the window of the third story of the school, watching everything that had transpired at the arena.


He frowned deeply.


The instant Fang Yuan left the stage, a strange feeling filled his heart. He hadn’t expected Fang Yuan to do this.


This lad is rather hard to catch. He knows the academy’s rules well, and normally won’t do anything wrong. Although he sleeps in class, if he is asked a question, he can answer correctly, leaving no flaws that can be used. It seems to be very difficult to grasp a weakness and suppress his dominance.


The academy elder could not help but develop a faint sense of loathing towards Fang Yuan.


As a teacher, he naturally liked obedient and smart students, and hated wayward students who did not obey the rules.


But being the academy elder for so many years, his experience was extremely rich, and he had seen many different types of students. He had seen extremely obedient ones who followed orders without question, and also those who caused problems day and night, constantly breaking the rules.


His heart had already become still as water, impartial to all. At the same time, he had carved the phrase “As a teacher, one must treat all students fairly” into the right corner of his desk, treating it as his motto.


He had never felt such disgust for a student.


Feeling that revulsion in his heart, the academy elder was also slightly shocked.


In previous years, he was magnanimous with even the worst students. But when it came to Fang Yuan, why did he lose this sense of impartiality?


He thought about it again and again, and finally realized.


This lad called Fang Yuan, he had a form of arrogance in his blood!


It seemed he fundamentally did not respect his teachers for their status. Earlier in the arena, not only did he disobey the martial arts instructor, he even rebuked him in public.


That, in and of itself, wasn’t unusual; students had argued with teachers in previous years. However, they were emotional: rebellious, furious, or stubborn.


The academy elder understood that the more agitated they were, the more it implied that they were fearful in their hearts.


But Fang Yuan was not.


He had no fear in him at all, as if he had seen through the tricks of the academy.


He was aloof, and even after he left the stage, his expression showed no signs of changing, as if he had done something insignificant.


Yes, he treated the matter of disobeying his teachers as a trivial matter!


In simple terms—


He was not afraid.


It was this point that caused the academy elder to feel unhappy and develop a sense of disgust for him.


He could endure a student more rebellious than Fang Yuan, or a teenager ten times more mischievous. That was because these students knew fear, and were acting based on their agitated emotions.


As long as they were fearful, as long as they were impulsive, they would be easily manipulated and would not go out of control.


But Fang Yuan was not.


He was calm and uncaring as he treated his teachers with disdain.


He was not respectful!


If someone had no reverence for the clan, then even if they were nurtured, how could they be useful to the clan?


Once someone like this appears, they have to be suppressed, they must be suppressed! Otherwise, their existence will plant a seed of rebellion in the other students. In the long run, they will lose their reverence for their teachers, and how would we manage the students then?


The academy elder narrowed his eyes, making a decision.


But then, his face grew troubled.


How was he going to suppress Fang Yuan?


Fang Yuan had done nothing wrong, there was no weakness that he could exploit.


Fang Yuan’s cunning demeanor made the academy elder feel helpless. He had never met a student like this, one who was so familiar with the academy’s rules and regulations.


As the academy elder, he was always impartial to all students. He could not be like a gangster and purposely find trouble with a youngster like Fang Yuan.


He had placed his hopes on the martial arts instructor, but now he was deeply disappointed.


It seems that to suppress Fang Yuan, we can only wait until all the other students advance to rank one middle stage.


A Gu Master’s advancement was mostly influenced by their talent.


With his rich experience as the academy elder, he had calculated it beforehand: the ones who had the greatest chance to advance first were Fang Zheng, Chi Cheng, and Mo Bei.


They were an A grade and two B grades respectively, and with their elders’ help behind them, they had no lack of primeval stones. One of the three was mostly likely to be the first to advance to rank one middle stage.


Fang Zheng, Chi Cheng, and Mo Bei, these three are our hopeful seeds this year. The academy elder looked out at the arena and sighed.


With his experienced gaze, he could tell: although the students seemed to be standing casually, they had already subtly split into three factions.


Chi Cheng stood at the center of one group, a crowd of students around him.


The second circle’s core was Fang Zheng. The clan leader faction’s younger generation was subtly supporting this A grade talent genius.


The third circle was led by Mo Bei. He had already been treated for his internal injury and stood near the arena with a pale face. The classmates beside him were asking him about his condition.


This is the meaning of letting them compete with each other. Seeing the three factions, the academy elder was overjoyed and laughed.


The reason behind letting the students have free reign to fight was not just to nurture their battle senses, but also to find natural leaders.


In past classes, it usually took until the end of the year for them to form their factions. But this time, Fang Yuan’s extortion had brought forth the divergence much faster.


The only ones who still dared to compete against him were Fang Zheng, Mo Bei, and Chi Cheng.


After a while, under this imperceptible influence, the other youngsters would automatically regard these three as their leaders.


As long as there were no mishaps, these three social circles would be the layout of the future clan’s higher-ups.


But these factions are still not stable. Within them, there are still students moving around. Once the three take the lead and advance to the middle stage first, I will give them the positions of class president and vice president. This will give them authority and strengthen their social circles, the academy elder thought.


Of course, there was one person who did not belong to any faction: Fang Yuan.


Getting close to stronger people was human nature. In fact, although Fang Yuan extorted the students and acted against them, there were a number of youngsters who wanted to attach themselves to him.


However, they were rejected. To Fang Yuan, only those who could function as pawns were useful, and these youngsters didn’t qualify.


This was another reason the academy elder hated Fang Yuan. He was too antisocial, not willing to integrate with the class. The clan couldn’t control someone like that as well as the other students.


The academy elder’s gaze once again fell on Fang Yuan, who was still near the arena.


He stood alone in a corner with his hands behind his back, his eyelids slightly closed, allowing the students to fight for their prize. Even with the heated competition, his expression did not change in the slightest.


His surroundings were vacant; no youngster was willing to stand with him.


Very evidently, he also did not wish for these people to be near him.


Fang Yuan stood there alone, enshrouded in loneliness. He floated outside the factions.


But I don’t have to be too worried. Fang Yuan is still young and can be changed slowly. The academy elder’s eyes flashed as he thought deeply.


Next up will be the selection of class president and vice president. At the end of the school year, they will split into groups, creating team leaders and assistant leaders. Every academic year also has all sorts of honors and rewards, like the Small Redflower Award, Blue Neckcloth Prize, and Five Outstanding Student Prize. He wants to cultivate, so he needs resources. Thus, he has to compete for these positions and prizes. As time passes, with interaction between the students, he is bound to have kinship, friendship, and love as his restraints. I don’t have to worry about him going beyond the clan’s control.


Over the years, the academy elder had gradually understood something.


When a new clan member was born, they would be brainwashed by the clan.


First, they would be taught that the clan was everything. Next, they would learn about the beauty and importance of kinship, friendship, and love.


After that, they would be taught honor, and in the process of growing up, many resources and prizes would be used to attract them. Using the clan’s hierarchy, they would choose and recruit the most loyal clansmen into their factions.


Do not look down on small roles like president or vice president, for once they take one of these roles, they will be part of the clan’s administration.


This system brought the benefits of authority and showed the sweetness of power, while on the other hand, it demonstrated the problem of detaching oneself from the system. A carrot in one hand and a stick in the other, who could break away from it?


Even the wildest or most lonesome kids would gradually become a part of the family. One without loyalty would also be nurtured into one with loyalty. Without kinship, friendship, or love, they would still be developed.


This was the power of the system.


This was the power of rules.


This was the clan’s way of survival!


