Chapter 5: The First Human and Three Gu / Hope’s Awakening


At that moment, his surroundings went quiet. Countless eyes were on him.


It’s getting more and more exciting, Fang Yuan thought to himself with a laugh. Under the gazes of the masses, he walked across the river and reached the opposite bank.


He could feel a layer of pressure on him. This pressure came from the spirit spring deep in the flower sea. The spirit spring produced primeval qi — primeval energy. Because the qi was too rich here, it caused the pressure.


But very quickly, from the flowers below Fang Yuan’s feet, little lights made their way up. These dots of light enveloped his entire body before finally entering him.


These are Hope Gu, mused Fang Yuan. The person in charge did not tell them, but he knew it very clearly. Every light was a Gu, known as Hope Gu.


One of the oldest legends in this world speaks of Hope Gu.


•••


When the world was just formed, it was a land of savage wilderness. Among the wild beasts that walked the earth, the first human appeared. He was known as Ren Zu[1], and he ate raw meat for his food and slaked his thirst with blood. His life was very difficult.


In particular, there were wild beasts known as Predicaments. These wild beasts dreamed of the taste of his flesh and longed to eat him.


Ren Zu did not have a body as strong as mountain rock, nor did he have the sharp teeth and claws of a wild beast. How could he fight with the Predicaments? His source of food was unstable and he had to hide all day. He was at the bottom of nature’s food chain, and could barely survive.


At that moment, three Gu came up to him and said, “As long as you offer your life to us, we will help you through this difficulty.” Ren Zu had nowhere else to go, so he could only agree.


He first gave his youth away to the biggest Gu among the three. That Gu then granted him strength.


With strength, Ren Zu’s life began to change. He started to have a stable source of food and was able to protect himself. He fought bravely and ruthlessly, defeating many Predicaments. But soon he suffered, and finally realized that strength was not everything. It needed to heal and be cultivated, not spent freely at his will. Not to mention, when facing a large group of Predicaments, his strength alone was too little.


Ren Zu reflected over this lesson bitterly and decided to give his prime middle years to the most beautiful Gu among the three. And thus, the second Gu gave him wisdom.


With wisdom, Ren Zu was able to learn how to think and reflect. He began to accumulate experience and found that many times, when he used wisdom, it was more effective than using strength. By relying on wisdom and strength, he was able to conquer every foe he formerly could not, and killed many Predicaments. He ate their meat and drank their blood, surviving with tenacity.


But good things do not last, and Ren Zu was old, and would only grow older and older. He had given away his youth and middle years to keep Strength and Wisdom Gu. When a man is old, his muscles deteriorate and his brain slows down.


“Human, what else can you give us? You don’t have anything else left to provide us,” Strength and Wisdom Gu said as they realized this. They left him.


Without wisdom and strength, Ren Zu was soon surrounded by Predicaments. He was old and could not run, his teeth had fallen out, and he could not even chew wild fruits and plants.


As he fell weakly onto the ground, surrounded by Predicaments, his heart was filled with desperation. It was at this time the third Gu said to him, “Human, take me up. I will help you escape these Predicaments.”


Ren Zu tearfully replied, “Gu, I don’t have anything else left. Strength and Wisdom Gu have abandoned me. I only have my old age left! While it is not as valuable as my youth and middle age, if I give you my old age, my life would immediately end. Even though I am surrounded by Predicaments right now, I will not die immediately. I wish to live a little longer, even if just a second more. So you should leave, I have nothing else to provide to you.”


But the Gu said, “Among the three, I have the smallest needs. Human, if you just give me your heart, it will be enough.”


“Then I will give you my heart,” Ren Zu said. “But Gu, what can you give me in return? In this situation, even if Strength and Wisdom Gu returned to my side, it would change nothing.”


When compared to Strength Gu, this Gu looked frail: it was just a tiny ball of light. When compared to Wisdom Gu, this Gu looked plain: it was only able to give out a dim white light, not beautiful in any way.


But when Ren Zu gave it his heart, this Gu suddenly gave out endless light. Bathed in this light, the Predicaments screamed in horror. “This is Hope Gu, withdraw! We Predicaments are most afraid of hope!”


The Predicaments retreated suddenly, and Ren Zu was speechless. From that day onwards, whenever he faced Predicaments, he would give his heart to Hope.


•••


At that moment, the Hope Gu converged into a stream of light and had already entered Fang Yuan’s body. Due to the outside pressure, they quickly gathered into his abdomen and collected into a group spontaneously, three inches under his navel.


Fang Yuan suddenly felt the pressure lessen. He began to walk forward. With every step he took, one after another the Hope Gu would fly out from the sea of flowers and enter his body, joining the ball of light. The ball of light grew brighter and brighter, but the person in charge opposite the riverbank frowned.


The number of Hope Gu is less than expected, many elders thought as they observed Fang Yuan. The clan head frowned as well. This was definitely not the sign of an A grade talent!


Fang Yuan withstood the pressure, continuing to walk forward. Below ten steps means that one has no cultivation talent. Ten to twenty steps means D grade talent, twenty to thirty steps would be C grade talent, thirty to forty is B grade talent, and forty to fifty steps would mean A grade talent. So far, I have walked twenty-three steps.


Twenty-four, twenty-five, twenty-six, twenty-seven.


Fang Yuan counted in his heart. When he took the twenty-seventh step, he heard a sudden bang. In between his kidneys, the ball of light reached its limit and suddenly exploded.


This burst of energy only happened inside his body; others could not see it. Only Fang Yuan could feel, at that moment, that earthshaking reaction. Instantly, the fine hairs on his body stood up, his pores shut tight, his mind stretched to a tense limit.


Soon after, his mind went blank, and his entire body felt soft, as if he had fallen into a cloud. His heart relaxed, his fine hairs flattened, and his pores reopened again.


In an instant, his entire body was covered in sweat.


The entire process felt long, but in reality it was only a few moments. The feeling went away as fast as it came.


Fang Yuan’s mind was blank for a short moment before he returned to his senses. He secretly focused his mind on his body, and found that below his navel and in between his kidneys, an aperture had formed out of thin air.


The Awakening Ceremony was a success!


This was his hope of eternal life!


* * *


[1]. Ren Zu (人祖) – “Mankind’s Ancestor”


