Chapter 50: Middle Stage!


Nightfall arrived. The moon was like a silver plate among the clouds, a handful of stars scattered around it.

Mo Bei stood in the courtyard of his house, his head raised, eyes sparkling in the moonlight.

“Little Brother, I heard you got injured today.” Behind him, his sister Mo Yan’s voice resounded.

“Sister, are you worried that after being beaten till I vomited blood today, I would have long-lasting trauma?” Mo Bei turned around and gave her a slight smile.

Seeing her brother’s attitude, Mo Yan’s heart felt at ease. Although she had truly worried, she said instead, “No way, I know you better than anyone. Good Brother, you have an indomitable will, you are the future head of our family. How can you be frightened off by such a small injury?”

“Hehehe, I knew you doted on me the most,” Mo Bei scratched the back of his head as he laughed sheepishly.

“You know what, Sister?” Under the glow of the moonlight, the fifteen-year-old’s eyes gleamed. “Although I failed this time, I heard Fang Yuan panting during our match. At the start, he easily beat me in two or three strikes, calm and composed the whole time. But his gasping has already revealed his weakness. He is definitely not as strong as everyone else thinks. One day, I will defeat him fair and square.”

“Good, as expected of a good man who shares my blood!” Mo Yan laughed, patting her brother’s head, showing concern on her face. “However, you suffered internal injuries, so please don’t practice your martial arts for the next few days.”

“Don’t pat my head, I’m not a kid,” Mo Bei said unhappily, moving his head away. “I understand what you mean. I have a plan. While I’m resting, I’m going to nurture my aperture walls. I’ll break through to middle stage, take the position of class president, and suppress Fang Yuan that way. I’ll let him know that what truly matters for a Gu Master is still talent!”

“I’m glad you feel that way. I was only vice president when I was in school. If you manage to become president, it will ease my regrets as well.”

“Don’t worry, Sister. I will definitely become president!”

At the same time, in the Chi family home.

Inside a secret room, there was a single torch, attached to an opening in the limestone walls.

The flame burned, illuminating this small room.

Chi Lian, one of the most powerful elders in the clan, was sitting facing his grandson, Chi Cheng. The two sat on a praying mat, their shadows dancing on the ground in the flickering light.

Chi Lian stretched out his hand, using his palm to touch Chi Cheng’s abdomen. Strands of white silver primeval essence flowed from Chi Lian into his grandson’s aperture.

Chi Cheng’s face was full of anxiety as he used all his concentration to suppress the ripples in his primeval sea.

In this world, there were no two identical tree leaves. Similarly, for Gu Masters, there was no identical primeval essence.

Once primeval essence from an external source entered the aperture, it would result in resistance from the native primeval essence.

If Chi Cheng did not suppress it, and instead allowed his primeval essence to resist, it would result in a clash between them. The intense reaction that would follow could cause great damage to his aperture.

The aperture’s primeval sea was the foundation and root of a Gu Master’s cultivation. Its importance could not be overstated.

When someone’s aperture was damaged, at best their cultivation would decrease. If the damage was severe, their talent might be lowered as well. If the aperture was completely shattered, the Gu Master would die immediately.

After a while, Chi Lian gradually stopped transmitting his primeval essence, slowly withdrawing his hand.

Chi Cheng let out a long sigh of relief, his tense body relaxing. “Thank you, Grandfather, for nurturing my aperture and transfusing primeval essence to me every three days. It has been hard on you!”

Chi Lian’s forehead was covered in sweat. He sighed and said, “This is inevitable. Your talent is only C grade, so if we rely on your ability alone to rise to middle stage, it’ll take a long time. Usually, about twice that of a B grade, and four times that of an A grade. If that happened, your true talent would be exposed. Thus, even if this method is dangerous, we have to use it.”

“I understand.”

“That’s good.” The old man sighed. “This method also has another downside. After your aperture has been nurtured by my white silver primeval essence, although it develops your aperture faster, it is still an external source of primeval essence. Henceforth, even when your aperture walls change from light walls to water walls, they will still be mixed with my energy. The more external energy there is, the more impure your aperture will be. It will stifle your talent and limit your future development.”

Chi Cheng bit his lip. “Grandfather, for the future of the Chi family, I am willing to sacrifice my future prospects!”

Gu Yue Chi Lian was pleased, stroking his beard. “It is good that you have such thoughts. But the heavens always leave a glimmer of hope. If we can find a Cleansing Water Gu, it can be used to purify your aperture walls and flush out all external energies, removing this sequela.

“In addition, I have used my connections to search for a Liquor Worm for you. This Gu is able to help a rank one Gu Master refine their primeval essence and raise it by one small realm. Primeval essence condensed in that way will be your own body’s, not someone else’s. Nurturing your aperture that way leaves no repercussions and risks, it is far superior!”

Chi Cheng was overjoyed. “Thank you, Grandfather!”

“However, the Liquor Worm is hard to find. Among rank one Gu worms, the Liquor Worm, Boar Gu, Bookworm, and such, are all extremely rare. Once someone puts one up for sale, it will be bought immediately. Of course, there are also some Gu in this world that are rumored to change a Gu Master’s talent. But even at my age, I’ve never seen one, I’ve only heard rumors,” the old man explained.

•••

The night winds blew in gently through the windows and into the room.

Fang Zheng sat on his bed with his eyes shut, holding a primeval stone in both hands.

His green copper primeval sea was raging, the waves crashing towards his white aperture walls.

He had A grade talent, and his primeval essence occupied more than 80% of his aperture. His natural rate of recovery was twice that of Fang Yuan!

With such an incredible advantage, he was already close to middle stage.

Phew.

A while later, Fang Zheng let out a breath of air and opened his eyes.

The moon was bright and the stars were sparse outside the window. Beneath the sky, the bluish-green bamboo houses stood neatly in a row.

A scene of peace and harmony.

“Time always flies when cultivating. In the blink of an eye, it is already late into the night,” Fang Zheng muttered softly. He slowly opened his hands, and two piles of rock powder fell onto the floor in front of his bed.

After a primeval stone’s essence had been fully absorbed, it would turn into a pile of powder.

Looking at the piles, Fang Zheng frowned.

He took out his money bag; it was already close to empty.

Opening it, he saw three primeval stones left inside.

Fang Zheng received three stones every seven days from the academy, but since Fang Yuan would snatch one from him, he only had two left every week.

His adoptive parents also gave him an allowance, but it was also three every seven days.

How could just these primeval stones be enough?

Fang Zheng was determined to surpass his brother Fang Yuan. Thus, he had gone to his adoptive parents multiple times to beg for primeval stones.

After he had asked several times, his mother took him aside for a heart-to-heart talk. She told him about how poor the family was, and how they really didn’t have much to spare. Since then, Fang Zheng was too embarrassed to ask again.

Father and Mother are already doing all they can to support my cultivation. I cannot make things more difficult for them. I only have three stones left, so I can only be more thrifty. If I use one a day, I should have enough…

I have a feeling that in three or four days, I will advance to middle stage! I wonder what Big Brother’s progress is now? Fang Zheng subconsciously looked towards the academy living quarters.

I have A grade talent, while Big Brother only has C grade talent. He is definitely slower than me. He is not my match this time! Big Brother, I will let you know the true power of an A grade talent!

Fang Zheng clenched his fists.

•••

At the academy dormitory.

Fang Yuan’s door was shut tight.

In the darkness, he was not asleep, but sitting on his bed.

A Gu Master’s cultivation could not replace sleep. Normally, at this time of night, Fang Yuan would already have fallen asleep.

But during his cultivation today, he felt that he was just one step away from advancing.

I might as well not sleep tonight, I’ll rush straight for middle stage! His eyes shone with determination.

He shut his eyes and his mind descended into his aperture.

The green copper sea filled 44% of his aperture. Just a moment ago, it had all been refined into pale green middle stage primeval essence by the Liquor Worm.

Rise. With a thought, the peaceful sea began to stir.

The ripples grew and grew, until waves formed.

Splash, splash, splash…

The tides raced against each other, rushing towards the surrounding aperture walls.

Like crashing on a reef, most of the primeval essence would break into emerald ripples and fuse back into the sea.

A small amount of primeval essence was expended, turning into a trace of invisible energy, fusing into the white aperture walls.

Rise again, Fang Yuan thought, as the emerald ripples became larger in scale. The waves earlier were like rabbits and dogs, but now they were like troops of horses, marching towards the aperture walls.

Then, like a dragon, the waves rose into the aperture sky!

The sea level fell sharply.

Splash, splash, splash…

The waves struck relentlessly, finally causing a change. The walls shook suddenly, the originally mild white beginning to radiate with an eye-piercing brilliance.

Seeing this, Fang Yuan was overjoyed, for he knew that the crucial moment had arrived. He quickly activated all of his primeval essence, sending it charging at the walls.

The white light grew brighter, the light rays distorting and tangling together, growing thicker. After more than ten breaths, white bands of light formed on the walls, crashing into each other like streams of water. As they collided, they merged together, forming a flowing white light.

Finally, the flowing light fused together completely and covered the whole of the aperture.

The light dimmed, and the original light walls of the aperture were gone, replaced by white water walls. The original light wall’s surface was thin and smooth with no impurities. The water wall, however, was thicker, its surface rippling and flowing.

The primeval sea regained its peace, 20% primeval essence still remaining.

I advanced to middle stage! Fang Yuan laughed heartily, opening his eyes.

Bright sunlight crept in through the openings in the curtains.

Without realizing it, the night had passed, and it was already morning.

