Chapter 51: Let’s See How You’ll Explain This


“Fang Yuan didn’t come to class today. Look guys, his seat is empty.”

“He’s so bold! The academy elder’s teaching today, yet he dared to not show up.”

“The elder looks really pissed, it seems that Fang Yuan is in trouble. Hehehe.”

In the academy, the students were whispering. A few glanced towards Fang Yuan’s empty seat, as well as the academy elder’s darkening expression. Ever since he’d started extorting them, Fang Yuan had stood against everyone in the class. Seeing that he was in trouble, they were all excited for what was to come.

The academy elder’s expression was stiff as he explained the crux of nurturing one’s aperture while secretly staring at Fang Yuan’s seat.

He laughed coldly in his heart. Fang Yuan, oh Fang Yuan. I was still worried about not being able to find your weakness yesterday, and here you give it to me. You are, after all, just fifteen. I’ve overestimated you.

His anger was mostly a show. His motive was to use this opportunity to punish Fang Yuan, eliminating his increasing dominance in class. Undeniably, as time passed, Fang Yuan’s presence was growing stronger, leaving the other students barely able to catch their breath.

One-sided dominance was not what the academy elder wanted. He wanted to see the entire class shining.

“Men!” The academy elder raised a finger and tapped at his desk.

“Elder, your servants are here.” The two guards standing outside the door entered.

The academy elder snorted audibly. “Fang Yuan is getting out of hand, to be so lazy as to skip class right under my nose. Go to the dormitories and bring him here for me.”

“Yes, Elder.” The guards went on their way. Seeing them disappear outside the door, the students broke out in whispers.

“Fang Yuan is in deep shit now,” someone said, their eyes sparkling.

“Hehe, we have a show to watch later.” Another laughed in pleasure at Fang Yuan’s upcoming misery.

Big Brother, you are too arrogant. This is challenging the elder’s authority. No matter what punishment you get, you have it coming. Fang Zheng looked at the empty seat, sighing internally.

Bam, bam, bam!

The academy elder glared sternly, slamming his desk thrice. “Silence, no talking in class!”

His aura at that moment was like a volcano about to erupt.

Immediately, the academy fell into pin-drop silence. The students sat up straight in fear. However, their minds were still occupied.

The class continued, but the youngsters were not concentrating at all.

A few of them kept glancing out the window.

After a while, the sound of footsteps could be heard approaching from beyond the door. The students’ ears twitched, dozens of eyes suddenly bursting with anticipation.

Here he comes. The academy elder heard the footsteps too, and his eyes narrowed.

He had already thought of how he would deal with Fang Yuan. He would make him stand outside for three hours.

Although the punishment was not heavy, it was enough for him to be humiliated.

Throughout the day’s lessons, students entering and leaving would see Fang Yuan standing there.

It would ruin Fang Yuan’s image of invincibility. When the students realized that Fang Yuan was nothing special, the impact he had on them would be greatly reduced. This would grant them courage and stir their competitive spirit.

The best part was, since Fang Yuan’s punishment came from the academy, it would improve the academy’s reputation.

Only with reverence would they obey.

Thus, while the method was simple, it had deep intentions behind it.

The footsteps got closer, and finally someone stood outside the door.

Knock, knock, knock.

“Hehe, I will open it!” the student near the door volunteered. He enthusiastically went to the door.

Everyone fell silent.

Creak.

It began to open.

Sunlight fell in from the gap. The student opening the door suddenly froze and he shuddered.

“AHH!!!” He was stunned for a moment before he suddenly screamed. He subconsciously took a step back, bumping into a desk and falling to the ground.

The boy’s face was pale, his expression horrified, his limbs trembling and weak. He frantically tried to get to his feet, but fell back down again and again.

“What’s wrong?!” Everyone was astonished, all of them frowning deeply.

Their curious gazes returned to the door.

It was slowly pushed open by the person outside.

The academy elder stopped lecturing.

What everyone saw first, was a hand on the door.

A teenager’s left hand.

A left hand with dripping blood.

A bloody hand!

At the sight of it, many of the girls covered their mouths and screamed in terror.

The door slowly opened fully.

The brightness of the sunlight pricked everyone’s eyes, causing them to squint. With the light as a backdrop, a dark shadow appeared in the doorway.

He didn’t know why, but the academy elder felt a strong sense of unease.

“It’s Fang Yuan!” someone screamed loudly.

Their eyes finally finished adjusting to the light.

There stood Fang Yuan, bathed in blood, as if he had gone through an intense battle.

His left hand fell from the door. His right hand held onto some hair; he was dragging along a person. The person’s left arm was entirely severed, and he was lying there motionless, evidently unconscious. Blood gushed from his left shoulder.

“It’s one of the guards who went to look for Fang Yuan!” one of the students realized.

“What happened?!” another asked, feeling like they were going crazy.

“He murdered again, this time he killed the guards!” yet another screamed in horror, pointing at Fang Yuan. His voice grew louder and louder, as if it would purge the terror from his heart.

All of a sudden, the room was in an uproar.

Many students forgot the rules and stood up from their seats. They looked towards Fang Yuan in fear and panic.

In their imaginations, Fang Yuan would be dragged here, guards on either side.

But the truth was — Fang Yuan was bathed in blood, his expression cool, like a devil walking the land. One of the guards was missing, while the other was lying motionless, a red puddle forming beneath him.

The thick scent of blood permeated the academy.

The academy elder was stunned. This was far outside his expectations!

After his shock came intense rage.

The two guards were mere mortals. So what if they died? The academy elder did not really care.

The crucial point was their identity. They were the academy’s guards, representing the academy. Representing the academy elder.

This Fang Yuan was simply too bold. Not only did he kill Gao Wan, now he even went and murdered the academy’s guards!

No, this wasn’t just being bold. It was naked provocation, challenging the academy’s prestige.

The academy elder flew into a rage, pointing at Fang Yuan and roaring, “Fang Yuan! What is this? You have to give me an explanation, a good reason to spare you. If not, for the crime of murdering the guards, you will be thrown in jail to await the clan’s verdict!”

The students all shuddered.

The entire academy reverberated with the elder’s voice.

Only Fang Yuan was calm, just as he always was, his eyes dyed abyssal black.

After looking around, Fang Yuan let go of the guard’s hair, and with a plop, his head fell into the puddle of blood. Some of it splashed onto Fang Yuan’s pants.

He cupped his fist towards the academy elder, his calm voice echoing throughout the silent classroom. “Elder, I truly have something to report.”

“Speak,” the academy elder replied, with both arms behind his back and his head arched as he glared at Fang Yuan, his expression ice cold.

Sneering in his heart, he thought, Fang Yuan, you’re making more and more mistakes. Let’s see how you’ll explain this!

