Chapter 52: No Choice but to Accept My Explanation


Inside the academy, everyone’s attention was on Fang Yuan.


Their expressions showed shock, fear, mockery, and callousness.


Fang Yuan paid no attention to these people. He looked at the academy elder with a stern expression as he pointed at the fainted guard.


“Elder, I must report, these two guards had impure motives, devious intentions! They stormed into my room when I was at the crucial moment of breaking through to middle stage. As everyone knows, a cultivating Gu Master cannot be interrupted, especially when they are trying to break through into higher realms. A moment of distraction might not only cause the breakthrough to fail, but could even damage their aperture. Thankfully, my luck was good, because at the moment they barged in, I had already reached middle stage.


“However!” Before anyone could react, Fang Yuan continued. “These two did not admit their mistake. To my surprise, they boasted shamelessly about how they were going to beat me up, and even mocked our clan’s ancestors. They lied that the act of disturbing my cultivation was the esteemed Elder’s decision. I did not believe them, and resisted furiously. These two were capable martial artists, and I had to fight for my life before finally defeating them.


“But seeing as they were the academy guards, I did not kill them immediately. I merely cut off this one’s arm, and a leg from the other. Although they have lost a lot of blood, they are still alive. That is my report for this matter. Please uphold justice for me, esteemed Elder!” Having finished his explanation, he cupped his fist once again.


During his report, he had spoken rapidly and urgently, leaving no room for anyone to interrupt.


After he had finished, everyone slowly started to react.


“What did Fang Yuan say at the start? I did not catch it.”


“I think he said he advanced to middle stage!”


“How is that possible? He is just C grade trash, how could he actually advance to middle stage first?”


“He definitely lied! He is afraid of the academy’s punishment, so he lied!”


The students discussed loudly.


When compared to Fang Yuan’s advancement to middle stage, the two guards’ lives no longer mattered.


They were not Gu Yue clansmen, who cared if they were dead or alive?


“You said you advanced to middle stage?” The academy elder’s voice was ice cold, his expression unforgiving. “Fang Yuan, this is not a laughing matter. If you admit your wrongdoing now, I can still take into account that this is your first mistake and deal with you leniently. If you want to continue lying and attempting to cover up your mistakes, then I can tell you now, lies are easily seen through.”


Fang Yuan did not explain himself further. He laughed lightly and said, “Please inspect me, Elder.”


Even without his prompting, the academy elder had already moved forward.


He placed his hand on Fang Yuan’s abdomen, sending a trace of his spirit into it. Immediately, he saw the inside of Fang Yuan’s aperture.


Within, there were no Gu.


The Spring Autumn Cicada had already hidden itself. A rank six Gu was vastly superior to any method a mere rank three could use, so if it wanted to hide, it could not easily be found.


As for the Liquor Worm, Fang Yuan had left it beneath his bed with his wine jars.


Eyes closed, the academy elder could see a green copper primeval sea, calm and still.


The primeval essence forming the sea was the pale green of middle stage.


As he looked to the aperture walls, they were rippling and shifting with reflected light, as if they were made of water.


Water walls!


He really advanced to middle stage, how is this possible?! the academy elder shouted in his heart, barely concealing his shock.


A moment later, after he had digested this fact, he drew back his hand and spoke in a solemn voice. “He is indeed middle stage.”


The students had been holding their breath, awaiting the results.


The academy elder’s verdict caused a huge commotion.


The students were full of bewilderment and shock, their faces showing immense disbelief.


Fang Yuan was only C grade, but he was the first to break through to middle stage. It was against common sense!


The most important aspect of a Gu Master’s cultivation and advancement should be their talent. How was it possible that a C grade was the first to advance? How would it make the A and B grades feel?!


“What?!” Fang Zheng’s face was pale. He was still confident last night, but now that reality stood before him, he could not bear it and fell to the ground.


Mo Bei clenched his fists, and Chi Cheng hatefully gritted his teeth.


The academy elder could not easily be fooled, so how did Fang Yuan manage to do it?


At once, everyone was staring at Fang Yuan, with one question in their hearts: with mere C grade talent, how did he advance?


The academy elder’s heart was similarly full of doubt.


He was so puzzled that, for the moment, he ignored the idea of suppressing Fang Yuan and asked him directly. “Fang Yuan, I hope you can explain how you managed to advance to middle stage.”


Fang Yuan grinned. “Heaven rewards the hard-working, and as a result of my persistent cultivation, I managed to advance smoothly.”


“Lies!”


“Tsk, if heaven rewarded the hard-working, I’d have advanced long ago!”


“Diligently studying and training? Not long ago, I saw him strolling around the caravan market.”


The students were evidently not satisfied with such an answer.


“Is that so?” the academy elder replied evenly as he stared at Fang Yuan, emitting pressure.


Fang Yuan’s expression was candid, and he made eye contact with the elder without fear.


His body was bathed in blood, his linen shirt messy, as if he had gone through an intense battle.


His eyes were black as the bottomless abyss, containing peace, indifference, and even a hint of amusement.


Seeing that expression, the academy elder’s heart wavered.


He is not afraid, not fearful, not threatened, and not shocked. How can I interrogate him right now? To be able to advance to middle stage first with only C grade talent, he must have a secret. But as the academy elder, I can’t force him to say it. It seems I can only investigate this privately.


After a moment, the academy elder retracted his gaze and his cold expression became milder.


Fang Yuan, however, did not let the matter go. “I am frightened, esteemed Elder. How are you going to deal with these guards? They have lost a lot of blood, if they are not treated soon, they might die.”


Frightened? You? the academy elder retorted in his mind. His brows furrowed deeply.


At this point, as the person in charge of the academy, he had to step forward and settle the matter.


But how should I resolve this? The academy elder could not help but feel troubled.


He silently began to think.


Fang Yuan observed the academy elder’s shifting expressions and laughed internally. He must be quite troubled now.


The two guards were merely outsiders, their lives cheap as grass. Under normal circumstances, no one would care if they died.


But now the situation was different. They were sent out by the academy elder. If they really died, it would affect his reputation!


Thus, the guards could not die, the academy elder would have to save them.


The part that truly troubled the academy elder was Fang Yuan’s verdict.


Before Fang Yuan’s explanation, he had imagined this scenario: Fang Yuan first skipped class, and then killed the guards. This was defying his teachers, showing arrogance and selfishness. According to the clan rules, he’d be thrown into jail and left to reflect on his mistakes.


But when adding in the matter of Fang Yuan’s advancement to middle stage, these wrongdoings became very different.


Fang Yuan skipped class and killed the guards because he was cultivating. This was reasonable.


The crucial part was, he became the first to advance to middle stage. This allowed him to be on the side of reason.


The secret of what he used to advance would be discussed later.


Winners take all, losers lose all. The world only cared about the result. No one would reprimand such an outstanding junior.


The academy elder couldn’t give him any form of punishment.


What was the academy for? It was to nurture outstanding Gu Masters and inject fresh blood into the clan.


Here we have such an aspiring young man. Yet you, as the academy elder, still want to find trouble with him? That would be neglecting your role!


As a teacher, he should be encouraging and praising him, instead of punishing and criticizing. A teacher who punished and scolded a student for his good results would never be tolerated.


Perhaps the other elders would secretly cause problems for Fang Yuan because they feared his future prospects, or because of grudges and past grievances. But he alone, as the esteemed academy elder, could not do such a thing!


Because he was in charge of the academy, he had to be impartial, at least on the surface.


Those were the rules!


Do I just let him go like this? It was not easy finding a weakness of his. The academy elder was indignant. He knew in his heart that all the youngsters in the academy were mere spectators.


They could only look at the matter as entertainment, but were unable to see the crucial point, they were unable to experience the excitement of this battle!


The truth was, this whole situation was a battle between the academy elder and Fang Yuan.


First, he wielded the rules to punish Fang Yuan in an attempt to ruin his image in front of the other students.


Next, Fang Yuan retaliated! His actions seemed rash, but they struck at the heart of the matter. With the excuse of advancing to the middle stage, he regained his position.


As for those two unlucky guards, they were merely sacrificial pawns who were implicated by the two’s battle of wits.


He is too cunning! If he really had killed the guards, I could still punish him. His talent may be lackluster, but his methods are meticulous and subtle. It’s hard to believe he’s just fifteen. The worst part is, I cannot retaliate. No wonder there were rumors about his early intelligence!


The academy elder suddenly realized that he had lost.


His loss was due to his status. He was the elder in charge of the academy.


This was both his strength and weakness.


One’s strength was also one’s weakness.


Fang Yuan had understood this logic long ago!


The academy elder was both helpless and frustrated.


In actuality, Fang Yuan’s explanation was full of flaws and would not stand up to scrutiny.


These guards were chosen by the academy elder himself; they would not be so rash and stupid as to mock the Gu Yue Clan’s ancestors.


Fang Yuan’s words were intentional. It was a blatant accusation, a snare out in the open!


The academy elder knew it clearly, but he also knew that he could not pursue the matter.


It was a trap.


Once he looked into it, the truth would be revealed. At that point, how would he handle it?


If he did not punish Fang Yuan, the two guards would be pitifully framed but without justice for the crimes against them. As the academy elder, if he did not handle things impartially, how could anyone trust him?


If he punished Fang Yuan, that would be suppressing and displaying jealousy toward the talented! Suppressing a junior for the sake of two servants who weren’t even part of the clan would make the clansmen unhappy.


Thus, the best way to resolve this was to pretend that he did not see anything, and treat these two guards as discarded pieces. He would admit that they had made a terrible mistake, and also praise Fang Yuan.


That way, the clansmen would be satisfied, and the deceived guards, without additional information, would think of it as being impartial.


If he handled the matter like this, it would give him the largest benefit.


Logic told the academy elder that this was the way to handle it. But emotionally, he could not take it lying down.


Fang Yuan was too devious!


The academy elder not only failed to suppress Fang Yuan, but he himself became a stepping stone for Fang Yuan. He was humiliated in public!


Fang Yuan did not show the slightest respect for him and dared to oppose him openly, causing the esteemed academy elder to suffer such humiliation and frustration.


The worst part was, in the future if these two guards felt indignant and wanted to reveal the truth, then he, as the academy elder, would have to be the first to step up and suppress them for the sake of his image and position.


But this was all caused by Fang Yuan!


What sort of feeling was this?


It was like Fang Yuan had pooped on the academy elder’s face, but the elder himself still had to praise him while also cleaning his butt. If anyone tried to point out that he had poop on his face, he had to be the first person to shut them up.


The frustration and disgust were almost unbearable.


There was a growing urge in his heart to slap Fang Yuan across the face!


But in the end, the academy elder stretched out his arm and patted Fang Yuan’s shoulder.


“Good lad.” The academy elder’s face was dim as he forced the words out of his mouth.


“It is all thanks to the academy’s nurturing,” Fang Yuan replied plainly.


The corner of the academy elder’s eye twitched.


