Chapter 53: Class President


Everything was going according to Fang Yuan’s calculations.

Thereafter, the academy elder ordered the healing Gu Master to save the two guards.

The guards did not die, but they had suffered heavy injuries and were almost crippled, so they were let go.

Fang Yuan did not receive any punishment. On the contrary, he was showered with compliments. This made the other students very afraid.

But this issue was far from over. As time flowed on, the commotion spread to the rest of the clan.

Fang Yuan being the first to advance to middle stage with only C grade talent became the after-meal gossip of the entire clan. Everyone was discussing it.

They were all guessing the secret behind his quick advancement.

“It’s actually not all that strange for a C grade talent to beat A and B grades in advancing to middle stage.”

“True, there are many methods in this world that can achieve such a thing.”

“Take Relic Gu for example. When you use it, it enhances your aperture and advances it by a small realm. This is the easiest method.”

•••

The gossipers were throwing out all sorts of ideas and methods. Theories about Liquor Worms and assistance from external primeval essence were also entertained.

If Fang Yuan revealed the existence of the Liquor Worm from the start, there would not have been such a commotion. But because he hid it, everyone’s curiosity was raised.

Although it appeared peaceful, Gu Yue Village had an undercurrent brewing.

Countless eyes were on the academy elder, waiting for his explanation.

As the academy elder, if he did not know how a student that he had taught himself had advanced, that would be negligence.

Thus, the academy elder had to give an explanation.

Days passed by.

The second youngster to advance to middle stage appeared.

It was Mo Bei.

Soon after, with just a three hour difference, Fang Zheng advanced as well.

He was, after all, dragged down by the lack of primeval stones. Of course, suffering some trauma from being defeated by his brother also contributed.

The fourth was Chi Cheng.

Even if he had the assistance of his grandfather’s primeval essence, this method was not terribly effective and could only be performed once every three days, and was quite risky besides. But with his C grade talent, getting fourth place was already a success.

On the fifth day, the academy elder once again handed out subsidies.

“Gu Yue Fang Yuan.” He stood at the front, calling out Fang Yuan’s name first.

Fang Yuan stood up and walked towards him with a plain expression.

He drew the eyes of the entire class. Among them, there were expressions of envy, suspicion, interest, and hatred, not one of them the same.

“Today, the elder is not only handing out our allowance, he is also appointing the president and vice president!”

“As expected, the first to be called up was Fang Yuan.”

“He is the first to advance, the title of president belongs to him.”

“It is hard to imagine that this would be the result. I was sure it would be Fang Zheng.”

“He was the first to advance to middle stage. It is so peculiar, there has to be a huge secret, but he refuses to tell us!”

“Hehe, if it were me, I wouldn’t tell anyone either. Keep quiet and prosper.”

As the students conversed, Fang Yuan arrived in front of the academy elder.

“Gu Yue Fang Yuan, you are the first Gu Master to reach rank one middle stage in this class, so this is your reward.” The elder handed him a white and blue money bag.

Fang Yuan received it and opened it, peeking inside.

“Be rest assured, there’s a total of thirty primeval stones inside, the academy would not shortchange you.” The academy elder smiled.

Frankly speaking, he never would have expected that the first youngster to advance to middle stage would be Fang Yuan.

However, Fang Yuan did not listen to the academy elder. He rarely trusted others, and only believed in himself. He checked carefully and found that there were indeed thirty primeval stones, not one less. He then stashed the money bag in his robe.

The academy elder, upon seeing this, thought that his finances were tight, and could not help but smile even more brightly.

It’s as I thought. He is, after all, a C grade talent. Rushing to middle stage, his primeval stone expenditure had to be enormous. He has no funding from anyone else, so he has to be tight on primeval stones. As long as he has a need for primeval stones, we won’t be afraid of him leaving the control of the clan. Once he enters the clan’s system, he won’t be able to keep it a secret anyway, so even if we can’t find out for ourselves, one day, he will tell us. Towards this, the academy elder was full of confidence.

The truth was, after that day, he had sent people to investigate Fang Yuan in secret. Almost every day they were making progress.

But evidently, those people had not found out that Fang Yuan had a few hundred primeval stones in his possession, and was actually rather rich.

The academy elder continued, “Fang Yuan, you are the first to step into rank one middle stage, and according to the academy rules, you will not only receive thirty primeval stones as reward, but you will also gain priority in choosing your second Gu soon after. Also, I shall appoint you as class president!”

“Fang Yuan was appointed as president after all!” Upon hearing this, a few students sighed.

“Damn it.” Mo Bei gritted his teeth, feeling indignant.

“Hmph!” Chi Cheng crossed his arms, staring coldly.

The one that was affected the most was Fang Yuan’s brother, Fang Zheng.

His face was pale, and his expression looked uncertain, as though a dark cloud loomed over his head. Ordinary students, upon seeing the president and vice president, have to bow and pay respects. With my results, I will definitely be a vice president. But from now on, when I see Big Brother, I’ll have to pay my respects to him.

“Hold on.”

But at that moment, Fang Yuan spoke.

He smiled faintly at the academy elder and slowly said, “Esteemed Elder, I am not gifted, and am lacking in wisdom. I do not believe I am suited to be president. This role should be given to the talented.”

“What? You mean you do not want to be president? As the president, you’ll get ten primeval stones every week. Are you sure you want to reject it?” The academy elder frowned deeply as he spoke. In his decades of teaching, he had not seen anyone reject this position!

Actually, he had already given much thought about this matter, and letting Fang Yuan be class president had its merits.

Once he was president, he would be inside the clan system. Fang Yuan would have both benefits and responsibilities due to this position.

No matter what the president’s role was, the least he had to do was stop extorting his classmates.

That was definitely not something a class president could do.

It was a reflection of the situation with the guards. At that time, the elder was humiliated by Fang Yuan, but he had no choice but to praise him for his excellent results in his cultivation.

As class president, someone bound by the system, he would not be able to do as he pleased, and many times he’d be left with no choice but to act in certain ways.

Of course, this was not because the academy elder was displeased with Fang Yuan extorting so many primeval stones every week.

He was thinking for the entire student body. Once Fang Yuan became president and stopped extorting them, the other students would have some respite from his oppression.

Next, with the proper touches here and there, it would result in competition between the various clan factions through the rest of the student body. As long as he could nurture the clan’s hopeful seeds — Fang Zheng, Mo Bei, and Chi Cheng — what was the cost of sacrificing a small role like the class president?

And yet, although he had a good plan, the truth was very different from what he expected.

Fang Yuan rejected it!

He actually rejected it!!

Although this position was small, it was the first honor that these hot-blooded youngsters could achieve.

Besides honor, as the president, they would receive ten primeval stones as their allowance every week!

No youngster had ever resisted this temptation before.

But Fang Yuan actually rejected it.

Fang Yuan looked at the stunned elder, and asked, “Do the academy rules state that the one who advances first has to be president? The position of president, is it irrefusable?”

The academy elder replied coldly, “Of course there are no such heartless rules.”

Fang Yuan laughed. “Thank you, Elder, for your understanding.”

He cupped his fist and walked back to his seat.

The students could barely believe their eyes and flew into a commotion.

All at once, the academy was lively!

“Fang Yuan actually rejected it? Are you kidding me?!”

“Is he sick in the head?”

“Not sure why he’s acting crazy, but hehe, he’s gonna regret this later.”

•••

“Fang Yuan gave up on being president, this means I am the president?!” Happiness came too quickly, and Mo Bei, who had come in second, was slow to react.

Chi Cheng showed a look of disbelief. He was unable to comprehend that someone actually gave up on being president. Fang Yuan had to be beyond stupid!

Big Brother… Fang Zheng stared with wide eyes as he looked at Fang Yuan, full of disappointment.

According to his results, Fang Zheng was assured to be vice president.

But when Fang Yuan gave up the position, Fang Zheng felt that it no longer had any meaning.

The academy elder’s face was dark at that moment, his brows wrinkled and jaw tensed.

When Fang Yuan had skipped class, although at the time he had looked angry, he was just putting on an act.

But this time, he was truly in a bad mood.

Fang Yuan gave up the position of president. This meant he was rejecting the clan system. The elder had governed the academy for decades, but this was the first time he had seen such a student!

He wanted to invite Fang Yuan into the trap, but since he wouldn’t enter, the academy elder was helpless.

•••

The elder finished giving out their allowance.

Mo Bei, as the one who came in second, claimed the position of president. Fang Zheng and Chi Cheng each became vice presidents.

The class president was given ten primeval stones, and the vice presidents received five.

A few of the poorer students were so envious that they almost drooled upon seeing so much money.

