Chapter 54: But I Am Class President!


The red sun slowly sank into the western mountains.

Its light was no longer dazzling; it had softened to a gentle brightness.

The western sky was dyed crimson, enveloping the world like a concubine uniting with her emperor.

Qing Mao Mountain was engulfed in a sea of rosy red. Each of the raised buildings was draped in gold.

The forest planted around the academy seemed like it was covered in a faint layer of oil. The wind blew slowly, and as the students walked out of the classroom with their pockets full of primeval stones, they were relaxed and calm.

“I really don’t know what Fang Yuan is thinking, to actually give up on the role of class president!”

“Heh heh heh, his brain is fried. I bet he thinks of killing people all day. Let’s not concern ourselves with crazy people like him.”

“Now that you mention it, that day when he burst into the academy I was really freaked out. It was just so terrifying, it gave me nightmares.”

The students were in groups of twos and threes as they walked.

“Good day, class president.”

“Mmm.”

“Greetings, class president.”

“Mhmm.”

Mo Bei swaggered around as he walked, and wherever he went the students would bow and greet him without exception.

He was unable to stifle the intoxicating feelings that filled him.

This was the charm of power.

Even if it was just a tiny difference in status, it could grant confidence in one’s own worth.

Mo Bei watched the dying sun, red as blood, while his heart sang. Somehow I’ve never realized it, but the sunset truly is beautiful…

Hmph, getting this excited over becoming class president, as if it’s so amazing. Chi Cheng remained some distance behind to avoid having to pay his respects to Mo Bei.

I really have no idea what Fang Yuan is thinking, to actually pass up on being president. Better for me, though. How else would I have become vice president, since I came in fourth? Chi Cheng was confused, but he also felt happiness and relief.

“Good day, vice president.” At that moment, a normal student who was walking by bowed to greet him.

“Heh heh, good day to you too.” Chi Cheng instantly nodded, his face full of smiles.

Once the student was gone, Chi Cheng naturally thought, The taste of being vice president is rather pleasant. I’m sure the feeling of being the president is even better. If only I were not vice president, but the president, how good that would be!

Though he had just been rejoicing earlier, he was now already filled with insatiable greed, his expectations growing as he longed for the role of president.

Under the system of the clan, each rank was a carrot on a stick, enticing all who looked upon it.

Although I am only a C grade talent, I believe that everything will get better and better. Chi Cheng was full of hope for his future.

In contrast, the other vice president Fang Zheng was feeling awful, and his expression was quite unsightly.

“Big Brother, you—!” His eyes widened in disbelief as he looked at the academy gate, where a lone figure stood.

“Same rules as usual, every person must hand over one primeval stone.” Fang Yuan stood there crossing his arms, his tone flat.

Fang Zheng’s mouth opened and closed a few times. After a few moments he finally managed to say, “Big Brother, but I am vice president now!”

“That’s true.” Fang Yuan was expressionless as he nodded, looking on indifferently. “The vice president receives an allowance of five stones each time. So you should give up three instead.”

Fang Zheng was flabbergasted, and for a moment he was unable to say a word.

A group of teenagers were crowding around Mo Bei as they walked over.

When they saw Fang Yuan blocking the school gate entrance, Mo Bei flew into a rage and pointed at him. “Fang Yuan! You still dare to extort us?! Right now I am the president, and as a normal student, you should bow and greet me!”

His outrage was met with Fang Yuan’s fist.

Mo Bei was caught unawares. After being struck, he could not refrain from staggering backwards, his face full of disbelief. “You hit me, you actually dared to hit me? But I am the president!”

His disbelief was also met with Fang Yuan’s fist.

Bang, bang, bang.

After a few exchanges of blows, Mo Bei was knocked to the ground, and he fell unconscious.

The surrounding youths were all wide-eyed as they watched, unsure of how to react for a moment.

This was totally different from their imaginations!

The guards at the gate entrance had also been watching everything that happened. They could not help but whisper among themselves.

“Fang Yuan just knocked down the new class president, what do we do?”

“Just let it go!”

“What do you mean?”

“I mean, just watch them, then call some other guys and clean up afterwards.”

“But…”

“Hey hey, you want to provoke someone like Fang Yuan? I hope you remember what happened to Wang Da and Wu Er!”

The first guard immediately shivered and stopped asking.

The two guards at the gate entrance stood ramrod straight, ignoring the commotion behind them. It was as if they were deaf and blind.

After Fang Yuan sorted out Mo Bei, he also dealt with Fang Zheng and Chi Cheng.

It was then that the other teenagers realized that nothing had changed. Fang Yuan was still the same old Fang Yuan, and the extortion would continue as always.

“Each of you hand over one primeval stone, vice presidents three, class president eight.” Fang Yuan announced the new rules.

The youths could only sigh and obediently fish out their primeval stones.

When they walked out of the school gates, suddenly someone slapped his head and exclaimed loudly, “No wonder Fang Yuan did not want the position of class president. He wanted to continue extorting us!”

“That’s right. Every time he does it, he gets fifty-nine primeval stones, and now it’s gone up to sixty-eight. If he was the class president, he’d only get ten.” Quite a few of them were enlightened.

“He’s too treacherous, too cunning, too savage!” Some of them were slapping their thighs, full of hatred and resentment.

“This means that there’s nothing extraordinary about being a class officer. They’ll also be extorted and be left with two stones, just like the rest of us.”

It was unknown who just spoke, but when the rest heard it, they all could not help but turn silent.

•••

Bang!

The academy elder slapped his desk fiercely, extremely furious.

“Fang Yuan is just too absurd, what is he trying to do? To continue extorting them, to take the extra stones from the class officers! With this, what’s the difference between the officers and the normal students?!” The academy elder tried his best to suppress his voice, but his tone was filled with fury.

When Fang Yuan rejected the position of class president, it meant rejecting his own integration into the clan’s system. In strict terms, this was a sort of betrayal towards the clan itself. It was enough to make the academy elder livid.

Immediately after that, Fang Yuan had gone to extort his fellow classmates. He had at last exceeded the academy elder’s bottom line. After the extortion this time, the influence of the class officers would be drastically weakened.

Over time, the normal students would lose their respect and interest for these positions.

While Fang Yuan’s actions this time seemed small, the meaning behind them was rather heavy.

He was using his own strength to challenge the clan’s system!

The academy elder could not tolerate it. He was raising the clan’s new hopes, not the clan’s traitors. Yet despite knowing Fang Yuan had gone and challenged his bottom line, he knew that he could do nothing in response.

If he really did, the clan head would be the first to protest. The second and third to object would be Chi Lian and Mo Chen.

The clan head put all his hopes in Fang Zheng. He was the only A grade talent in three years. The clan leader needed a tenacious and independent genius, not a fragile and delicate flower who had to be coddled.

Chi Lian and Mo Chen had also placed their hopes on their own respective grandsons, wishing that they would grow in the midst of setbacks and frustrations.

If the academy elder punished Fang Yuan instead of letting the students do so themselves, there would forever be an undercurrent in the clan: “The Mo and Chi families’ future successors could not beat Fang Yuan and could only let the elders intervene.”

How unpleasant that would be.

This would inevitably be a massive blow towards the fame and honor of the Mo and Chi families.

Of course, the academy elder was not afraid of a mere student like Fang Yuan. Instead, he was worried that his intervention would attract pressure from the three sides — the clan head, the Mo family, and the Chi family. Together, their factions held most of the clan’s authority. As a lowly elder, how could he possibly endure?

The root of this matter still goes back to Fang Yuan’s secret. What in the world did he rely on to break through to middle stage? The academy elder restrained the fire in his heart and glanced at the three investigation reports on his desk.

The first report contained extensive information about Fang Yuan’s family background.

He was born into a good family; there was nothing strange about his identity and his life experience was perfectly clean and spotless. Both his parents had passed away when he was young, and he was taken in by his uncle and aunt. However, they did not get along, and once he started attending the academy, he moved into the dormitories.

The second report was about Fang Yuan personally.

He had shown a sharp intellect from an early age, and the clan pinned their hopes on him, praying for an A grade talent. Yet after the Awakening Ceremony, he was found to be C grade, to everyone’s disappointment.

The third report was on Fang Yuan’s recent activities.

His daily life was very simple, and he had a rigid schedule. During the day he would always be attending lessons in the academy, and at night he would always sleep in the dormitories. He worked extremely hard on his cultivation, nurturing his aperture every single night. On some days, he would go out to the village’s only inn to have better meals and to buy wine.

He had a special affection towards wine, especially green bamboo wine. He kept a dozen jars of it under his bed.

The academy elder looked carefully again at the three reports, forming a deeper impression of Fang Yuan.

Both his parents died early, and he was unable to get along with his uncle and aunt…no wonder this brat doesn’t have a sense of belonging. He was crowned as a genius by the clansmen, yet they also plucked him out of the sky and cast him down to the earth…no wonder he is so wild and unruly, and so peculiarly cold and detached. His life is so simple and he is diligent in his cultivation. This is him gritting his teeth, unwilling to concede. He wants to prove his ability to the clan! That is why, when I tried to suppress him, he retaliated so fiercely…

When the academy elder carefully thought about it, he could not help but heave a sigh.

The more he learned about Fang Yuan, the more he understood him.

Of course, understanding did not mean forgiving. Fang Yuan went against him, offended his dignity, rejected a position of honor, and even extorted his classmates. These were things he could not tolerate.

Shaking the documents in his hands, the academy elder frowned again. Although these reports are detailed, they have nothing to do with Fang Yuan’s advancement secret. It has already been a few days, these people are atrocious!

Boom, boom, boom.

At that moment, someone knocked at the door.

“Come inside,” the academy elder said.

The door opened.

It was the personal guard of the clan head Gu Yue Bo. “The clan leader has orders, esteemed Elder. Please hurry to the main pavilion, there is a matter to discuss.”

“Oh, what’s the matter?” The academy elder stood up from his seat. He felt the severity of the issue from the guard’s tone and expression.

“The rank four Gu Master Jia Fu has come back. His brother Jia Jin Sheng has gone missing!” the guard answered.

The academy elder instantly sucked in a breath of cold air.

