Chapter 55: Exactly What I Wanted to Hear!


The moon, round like a wheel, was faintly discernible among the floating clouds.


The academy elder hurried down the road, his face barely visible under the flickering moonlight.


It was hard to survive in this world, and Gu Masters going missing was a common thing. With his extensive life experience, the academy elder knew that, under normal circumstances, these sorts of sudden disappearances often spelled death.


Anyone could die, but Jia Jin Sheng could not! Especially not in Gu Yue Village.


His identity was special. He was the son of the Jia family’s patriarch, and his brother was the rank four Gu Master Jia Fu.


A rank four Gu Master had yellow gold primeval essence, and possessed absurd fighting power. Within the Gu Yue Clan, only the clan leader was rank four and could match him. The other clan elders were all rank three.


The Jia family head was rank five, and under his leadership, the Jia family rose to prosperity. They became a large clan and ruled over an entire mountain. Compared to them, the Gu Yue Clan could only be called middling.


If the two clans fought, Gu Yue Village would definitely be at a disadvantage.


The most crucial part was, if this matter was spread, the Gu Yue Clan’s reputation would be tarnished. Merchants were vigilant in choosing their routes. Without visits from merchants, the Gu Yue Clan would be unable to sell their surplus local resources, and the external resources they required would not be purchasable. As time passed, they would definitely weaken.


This matter is severe, if we do not handle it well, it will be a disaster! The academy elder worriedly rushed towards the clan head’s pavilion.


Once he stepped into the conference hall within, he felt the solemn and serious atmosphere.


The main seat was occupied by the current clan leader, Gu Yue Bo. A fat and short man who he recognized as Jia Fu stood at the center of the hall, along with a handful of followers. He was like an accuser at a trial.


The bright lamplight illuminated the faces of the elders as they stood next to their chairs.


Jia Fu was a rank four Gu Master, and since he was not sitting, these rank three clan elders naturally did not dare to sit.


This was the deterrence of a rank four Gu Master. It was also a form of respect for power.


“Greetings…” The clan elders were about to pay their respects, but they were stopped by Gu Yue Bo’s raised hand.


Gu Yue Bo rubbed his temples in obvious distress, which only served to emphasize his grizzled hair. “I won’t waste time. You are responsible for the academy. Let me ask you, where is Gu Yue Fang Yuan?”


The academy elder was shocked. What does this have to do with that brat?


He answered politely, “At this time, he should be cultivating in the academy dormitories.”


The clan leader sighed. “Brother Jia is very suspicious now, he thinks that Jia Jin Sheng’s disappearance has something to do with Fang Yuan. I order you to go and bring him here immediately.”


The academy elder shuddered in his heart. “Yes!”


He understood the severity of this issue, and hurriedly paid his respects before he turned around and left.


“Brother Jia, Fang Yuan will be brought here immediately. Please, have a seat.” Gu Yue Bo gestured at a nearby chair.


Jia Fu laughed bitterly, cupping his fist at Gu Yue Bo. “I apologize, Brother! I am too anxious. It has already been many days since I’ve seen my brother, I fear the worst. I really cannot afford to relax.”


Some things could only be understood once they were lost.


Only in the last few days had he come to understand the reason why his father had paired the two of them together in this caravan.


It was to test his nature. To see if he could remember their kinship, even as he suppressed his brother, and remember to take care of him.


If Jia Jin Sheng was dead, how would his father view him?


When he realized this, he immediately held investigations in the caravan, and quickly set out to Gu Yue Village.


He rushed back without a single break.


Now that he was standing, reluctant to sit, it created the impression that he was determined to find the culprit. This was both putting pressure on the Gu Yue Clan as well as giving his father a form of assurance when he returned home.


“Reporting to Clan Leader, sir, I have brought Fang Yuan here.” The academy elder quickly returned to the hall with Fang Yuan.


“I pay my respects to the clan leader, Sir Jia Fu, and the various clan elders,” Fang Yuan said with an expressionless face.


“Is this him?” Jia Fu coldly observed Fang Yuan as he asked a female Gu Master among his followers.


This woman was the attendant from the gambling den who had taken care of Fang Yuan when he was rock gambling.


“Yes, it’s him! There is no mistake,” She stared at Fang Yuan, speaking confidently.


Jia Fu nodded. His gaze instantly became like a steel blade, slashing at Fang Yuan. But he did not directly interrogate him, for this was Gu Yue Village. He had to show the Gu Yue clan leader some respect.


Thus, he looked towards him.


Gu Yue Bo’s face was serious. He knew that Jia Fu purposely spoke loudly when he conversed with the female Gu Master; it was not only to confirm Fang Yuan’s identity, but also to assert his motive.


He was implying, I have sufficient confidence, so you’d better not be overprotective of your clansman.


This caused some displeasure in Gu Yue Bo’s heart. You lost your brother, it was your mistake to begin with. Now you come here to Gu Yue Village full of accusations? Do you think my Gu Yue Clan can be easily bullied? My clan is impartial and works based on logic, but don’t mistake that for weakness!


He did not interrogate Fang Yuan right away. He turned to the female Gu Master and spoke fiercely, “Did you see clearly? I must tell you, Fang Yuan has a twin brother who is almost identical, are you really sure it was him?”


The woman was just rank one, and under Gu Yue Bo’s pressure, she instantly became hesitant and nervous.


Jia Fu frowned and took a step forward, blocking her from Gu Yue Bo’s sight. Cupping his fist, he said, “Brother Gu Yue, I’ve always respected your clan. Especially your founder and fourth clan leader, they were true rank five heroes. The former built this place from scratch, enduring many hardships to create a clan that has lasted centuries. The latter was a benevolent protector who sacrificed himself to save his clansmen, truly worthy of respect. Brother Gu Yue, as the clan leader, I believe you will act impartially. Please, interrogate Fang Yuan on my behalf.”


Hearing that his tone had softened, Gu Yue Bo nodded, but in his heart he had already decided.


If Fang Yuan was the culprit, then he would hand him over. After all, he was just C grade. As long as it settled this dispute, the clan would not suffer any losses.


If Fang Zheng was the one who did it, Fang Yuan also had to take the blame. Fang Zheng was an A grade genius, the only one in three years. The clan needed him to match the Bai Clan’s Bai Ning Bing.


“Fang Yuan, don’t be nervous.” Gu Yue Bo smiled benevolently and spoke gently. “Let me ask you, do you know anything about Jia Jin Sheng?”


“Who is Jia Jin Sheng?” Fang Yuan looked up and said calmly.


“He’s lying!” the female Gu Master from the gambling den shrieked right as Fang Yuan finished.


Everyone in the hall frowned and looked towards her.


The female Gu Master pointed agitatedly at Fang Yuan. “It’s him, it’s him! At our gambling den, he bought six purple-gold rocks, and the fifth held a Mudskin Toad. Young Master Jia saw it and bought it from him for five hundred primeval stones. Even if it had been years ago, I would not forget it. The other Gu Masters at the gambling den saw it too.”


“Is that so…” Gu Yue Bo’s smile vanished, his face growing stiff as he turned to Fang Yuan.


Fang Yuan nodded, showing a hint of nervousness, and pretended to suddenly realize, “Oh it’s him. Alright, if he’s Jia Jin Sheng, then I do know him. But after the gambling den incident, I did not see him ever again.”


“He’s lying again!” This time, it was not the female Gu Master, but a male Gu Master who called out.


Fang Yuan looked towards him, and as if he had recognized him, showed an expression of shock, but quickly tried to hide it.


His changes in expression were apparent to everyone present.


They all began to ponder.


“Esteemed sirs, I am an employee at the caravan’s wine shop.” The male Gu Master first cupped his fist to everyone, and then thrust his finger at Fang Yuan. “That night, I saw them clearly at our shop. He sat and spoke with Young Master Jia Jin Sheng for a long time!”


The hall erupted with whispered discussion.


The academy elder’s gaze became frigid as he looked at Fang Yuan.


Gu Yue Bo slowly leaned back in his large chair.


“How can that be!” Fang Yuan showed an obviously frantic expression. He hurriedly said, “The wine shop had so many people, how can you be sure it was me? You might be mistaken!”


“Haha, I am definitely not wrong.” The male Gu Master smiled as he stared at Fang Yuan. At that moment, he felt extremely confident.


“Young Master Jia Jin Sheng was in our shop, we had to pay special attention to him. Even if he was not there, I still would have recognized you!”


He raised his eyebrows, saying smugly, “Do you still remember? That day you came to our shop and ordered a cup of monkey wine. But you only drank a mouthful. After that, you released your Liquor Worm and fed the remaining monkey wine to it. I wanted to purchase it from you but you refused to sell it and walked away!”


Good, exactly what I wanted to hear. Fang Yuan laughed coldly in his heart, but showed an expression of shock on his face and pretended to subconsciously take a step backwards.


Liquor Worm! Realization flickered in the academy elder’s eyes.


But quickly he frowned again, and could not help but ask, “Fang Yuan, where did you get that Liquor Worm?”


Fang Yuan clenched his fists, gritting his teeth, but refused to answer.


The surrounding clan elders flew into a rage, starting to scowl.


“Fang Yuan, do you know the trouble you’ve caused?!”


“Speak, what happened?”


“Tell us what you know. This Liquor Worm, is it Jia Jin Sheng’s?”


“How can it be his? I obtained it myself! I opened it!” Fang Yuan raised his head suddenly, indignant, as if he could not stand such slander, and shouted loudly.


