Chapter 56: Dispelling Suspicion


“You opened it?” Gu Yue Bo frowned deeply.


“That’s right. At this point, I shall not hide it any further!” Fang Yuan acted as if he was risking everything, speaking urgently. “I bought six purple-gold rocks at the gambling den, but because I did not have enough primeval essence, I only opened five on the spot. I brought the last one back to the dormitories and when I opened it, I found a Liquor Worm inside. I was overjoyed, as I had searched up information on it before, and knew that the Liquor Worm was a rare Gu worm that could supplement my lack of talent. I refined it right away.”


“Wait, you said that you bought six gambling rocks and opened a Mudskin Toad as well as a Liquor Worm?” the clan elders could not help but ask in disbelief.


“So what?” Fang Yuan answered matter-of-factly, then pointed at the female Gu Master, shouting, “She can be my witness!”


Everyone was momentarily stunned as they turned to look at her.


She felt the weight of all the eyes on her and did not dare to lie. “It is indeed true, Fang Yuan bought six rocks and obtained a Mudskin Toad from the fifth. He left with the sixth, so I cannot confirm what was in it.”


“Buying six purple-gold rocks and getting two Gu worms consecutively? Isn’t he way too lucky?” an elder mumbled.


“What’s so hard to understand? It’s luck! Heh, back in the day, when I gambled rocks, I also…”


“Wait, Gu worms are hard to refine, why did it sound like Fang Yuan easily refined it?” another elder asked suspiciously.


“Getting confused in your old age? Don’t you know that when a Gu is extracted from a fossil, it’s extremely weak, teetering on the brink of death? Even refining a Gu of a higher rank is possible. What’s so peculiar about him refining the Liquor Worm?” someone immediately answered.


Fang Yuan continued. “I refined the Liquor Worm and went to the market on the second day. I indeed went to a wine shop in the afternoon and bought a cup of monkey wine. At night, I returned to browse the shops and witnessed an incident where Jia Jin Sheng had sold a Smelly Fart Fat Worm while pretending it was a Black Boar Gu to a fellow clansman. Shortly afterward, Sir Jia Fu appeared and resolved the dispute.


“I went to the wine shop again a bit later, and unexpectedly found Jia Jin Sheng drinking wine in a foul mood. I had just obtained the Liquor Worm and was extremely happy, so I asked him how many primeval stones I could sell it for. But as soon as I mentioned it, he tried to force me to sell it. I obviously rejected him, as I only wanted to know how much it was worth. Even if I wanted to sell it, it would be after I am rank two. Then I left the shop.”


Fang Yuan’s words revealed Jia Jin Sheng and Jia Fu’s conflict. The clan elders’ eyes narrowed.


Under the pressure of their gazes, Jia Fu coughed. His eyes flashed as he asked Fang Yuan, “Then did my brother chase after you?”


Fang Yuan nodded, half lying. “He not only chased me, but also added an extra fifty primeval stones. But I did not want to sell it, so he was furious. He claimed that the Gu Yue Clan was no big deal and told me to watch out. After saying that, he walked away. I never saw him again.”


Jia Fu nodded internally. He knew his brother: he definitely would have chased after Fang Yuan and threatened him.


If Fang Yuan said he did not chase after him, that would be a lie.


But since Fang Yuan said that, Jia Fu was in a predicament. His investigations led up only to that moment. Did Jia Jin Sheng really not search for Fang Yuan after that? Maybe he found Fang Yuan again afterwards, they got into an argument, and Fang Yuan killed him — it was entirely possible.


“Speak, did you kill Jia Jin Sheng?!” Jia Fu demanded, attempting to pressure Fang Yuan with his aura.


Fang Yuan denied it once again, claiming that he did not see Jia Jin Sheng after that.


Jia Fu had no other evidence. At this point, it had become a stalemate.


As Gu Yue Bo listened, he grew displeased. Jia Jin Sheng actually dared to threaten the Gu Yue Clan? This was not giving them any respect! Now Jia Fu dared to interrogate a Gu Yue clansman so intensely in front of all the clan elders. It was one thing if he had evidence, but he clearly did not. If this matter spread, what would become of the Gu Yue Clan’s honor?


“Brother Jia, it’s not that I want to speak out of turn,” the clan leader interrupted his interrogation. “Jia Jin Sheng has been missing for so many days, there is little hope for him. The culprit who caused this crime definitely left behind some traces. Did you find anything?”


Jia Fu stared fiercely at Fang Yuan before raising his head and sighed, “I understand your meaning! If there were any traces, I would not have come here to find the culprit. That criminal is obviously familiar with vile methods and was quite meticulous. To speak the truth, all the clues are at a dead end, and on the day we left, there was that heavy rainstorm that would have washed away any blood traces.”


Gu Yue Bo smiled faintly. “Brother Jia, I heard that your family has a tracing Gu worm called the Underworld Path Butterfly. It can emit soul fragrance and be implanted on Gu worms. The scent is colorless and odorless, and never fades. Your family’s Gu worms all have this scent. As long as you use the Underworld Path Butterfly and follow the fragrance, you’ll be able to find the Gu worms and thus your brother.”


“I used the Underworld Path Butterfly long ago, but there was no effect. I’m sure you’ve heard that once the Gu worm dies, the fragrance dissipates. Evidently, the murderer killed all of the Gu worms in my brother’s possession.”


“That’s strange. The murderer harmed your brother, but he did not go for the Gu worms, or for extortion to get primeval stones. The murderer killed this tiny rank one Gu Master? What was the motive?”


Indeed, what was the motive?


If not for Gu worms nor primeval stones, then was it for love?


But if it was a crime of passion, it had to be a long term process, and Jia Fu would not have come to the Gu Yue Clan for answers. The caravan members and Jia clansmen would fall under greater suspicion, as they’d had a longer relationship with him.


At once, the hall fell into silence.


Fang Yuan glanced around surreptitiously, and suddenly said to Jia Fu, “Maybe you killed him. I heard that your father is splitting his inheritance. Now that one brother is dead, wouldn’t you get more?”


“Shut up!”


“A baseless accusation, do not slander Sir Jia Fu.”


Immediately, the family elders reprimanded him.


Fang Yuan fell silent, his eyes shining. His objective had been achieved.


His words were like a pebble thrown into a lake, causing waves of ripples in the elders’ minds.


They followed this train of thought. Jia Fu cannot kill Jia Jin Sheng, this does more harm than good. Wait…even if he won’t do it, that does not mean others won’t…


“The Jia family’s internal dispute!” One of the elders had a flash of inspiration and lightly muttered.


He did not speak loudly, but in the silent hall, it could be heard clearly.


All at once, the elders’ eyes lit up.


Finally, they’ve realized it. Fang Yuan’s mouth twitched, his eyelids drooping to hide the cold light in his eyes.


The Jia family head wanted to split his inheritance and choose a new clan leader, and as a result his children competed intensely. Jia Fu and Jia Gui, both being rank four Gu Masters, formed two of the largest factions.


In the last few years, some knowledge of the Jia family’s situation had spread to many villages.


Jia Jin Sheng’s misfortune was too strange. Currently, there was no evidence showing that Fang Yuan was the killer. It was obvious that the Liquor Worm wasn’t enough of a motive. If it really had been, the murderer’s actions and methods would not have been so meticulous and secretive.


But if Jia Gui was acting in the shadows, then it could be explained.


Almost everyone present was someone in a position of power and, if nothing else, they had good intuition and perception when it came to political schemes.


The Jia family’s dispute gave their imaginations wings.


The Jia family head had arranged for Jia Jin Sheng to join the caravan. One reason was to test Jia Fu’s nature, to see if he was a good brother that could suppress him without bullying him.


Now that Jia Jin Sheng was in trouble, Jia Fu would be implicated. Then who would be the true winner?


Obviously, Jia Fu’s greatest competitor: Jia Gui!


The culprit’s actions were so cunning that every clue had come to a dead end; it showed how experienced they were. How could a mere fifteen-year-old be responsible?


All the answers were revealed at once!


The discussion hall was still silent, but the elders exchanged meaningful glances.


To make someone believe in something wholeheartedly, you cannot convince them, you must direct them. Fang Yuan’s keen eyes allowed him to see these glances, and he laughed coldly in his heart, but his face still showed indignation and stubbornness.


Jia Fu’s face was so dark and gloomy it could drip water.


He, too, had thought of Jia Gui.


At that moment, his soul shook!


Who else had a greater motive than Jia Gui?


No one!


I understand now, I understand everything. The academy elder stood behind Fang Yuan, looking at him, eyes shining. Fang Yuan is both lucky and unfortunate, meeting Jia Jin Sheng at the last moment. How could he get rid of all the evidence at his age? If he had such scheming abilities, how could he show this expression of indomitability? He denied it earlier just to hide the existence of the Liquor Worm.


At this point, everyone’s suspicions towards Fang Yuan had been dispelled!


Getting rid of the suspicions on me is just the first step, what happens next is crucial. Fang Yuan had grasped the situation, and at this point, everything was going according to plan. He sighed internally and looked at Jia Fu.


Jia Fu stared back, the unfriendliness in his eyes growing more and more obvious.


