Chapter 57: A Gentleman’s Lie


Jia Fu was conflicted.

He was no longer suspicious of Fang Yuan, now certain that Jia Gui was the mastermind.

And yet, so what if I know the truth? Jia Fu’s heart was full of grief and indignation. I have no evidence. If I were to accuse Gui in front of Father without any proof, Father might even think I am trying to frame him!

Jia Fu was smart. He looked at Fang Yuan, a light flashing in his eyes.

Jia Jin Sheng had journeyed with him together, and now that he was missing, it was Jia Fu’s fault for not taking care of him! He could not accuse Jia Gui, but he still had to give his father some sort of explanation.

And this explanation was in front of him!

That’s right, if Fang Yuan is the scapegoat, it would at least help me get through this crisis. After that, I can pay Gui back double, Jia Fu thought deviously.

He raised his voice, asking sternly, “Fang Yuan, how can you prove that you did not harm Jia Jin Sheng?”

The clan elders were stunned. This is obviously your internal dispute, why are you still trying to hold our clansman accountable?

Only Gu Yue Bo looked grim, his expression turning sharp as he stared at Jia Fu.

“What proof do you have to show that you were not present at the time and did not harm Jia Jin Sheng? If you can’t prove it, you are the murderer!” Jia Fu pointed at Fang Yuan, his gaze furious as he loomed forward.

He’s trying to make our clansman into a scapegoat. How atrocious! The clan elders’ faces all turned unkind.

They had been fighting and scheming against each other for a long time, so if they thought about it, they would easily understand Jia Fu’s standpoint and intentions.

Witness? Of course I do! I prepared it long ago. Fang Yuan smiled internally, but pretended to be shocked, as if he wanted to speak but couldn’t.

“Do you have any proof? Just tell me yes or no!” Jia Fu raised his voice again, forcing Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan showed an indignant expression, but finally gritted his teeth and said helplessly, “No.”

“Haha. Then you are—” Jia Fu was about to declare his verdict, but suddenly—

“Halt!” The academy elder took a step forward and stood in front of Fang Yuan with a solemn expression. “Of course he has a witness, that would be me!”

“You?” Jia Fu asked in shock.

“That’s right, me.” The academy elder’s tone was a little weak as he faced the rank four Gu Master. But seeing Gu Yue Bo’s encouraging gaze, he gathered his courage and raised his head. “Over the last several days, after Fang Yuan unexpectedly became the first to reach middle stage, I sent my men to investigate him. His everyday activities and actions have been recorded, and there was no time for him to harm Jia Jin Sheng.”

Yes, this is it… Fang Yuan was hidden behind the academy elder’s back, and no one could see his lips curl into a slight smile.

Jia Fu’s face turned pale. He had not expected the academy elder to come forward and protect Fang Yuan.

Most importantly, the Gu Yue clan leader did not object. This meant the Gu Yue Clan was going to protect Fang Yuan.

I understand! I wanted Fang Yuan to become a scapegoat, but that was from my perspective, and I did not consider theirs. Indeed, once Fang Yuan becomes a criminal, the Gu Yue Clan has to bear the sin of harming a Jia family member. They would have to face the Jia family’s retribution, as well as the loss of their own reputation. Furthermore, future caravans would not dare to come here and trade anymore. The loss would be too great!

Jia Fu was so annoyed he wanted to slap his own head.

The Gu Yue higher-ups did have such considerations.

Fang Yuan was a mere C grade, so if he really had harmed Jia Jin Sheng, handing him over was nothing. But now that he had been cleared of all suspicion, if he was handed over, wouldn’t the Gu Yue Clan suffer a great injustice and suffer a terrible loss?

Knowing that this conflict could not be resolved, Jia Fu gritted his teeth. He was still determined to go down this path. “If so, why don’t you let me use a Footprint Gu. Once this Gu is used, it will show us his last thirty thousand footprints on the ground.”

The academy elder scoffed in displeasure.

Jia Fu’s words meant he did not trust them. But there was also no reason to stop him.

“Come and test me!” Fang Yuan sneered at Jia Fu, walking towards him with his head held high.

He was confident, having predicted this. Since the caravan had left, he had kept his activities within the village and did not go to the secret cave.

Under the elders’ supervision, Jia Fu did not play any tricks.

The Footprint Gu was very peculiar. It was shaped like a person’s foot, but seemed to be made of something resembling translucent yogurt. It gave off a feeling of smoothness, and it had a yellow-green luster. It fit in the palm of Jia Fu’s hand.

He held it, infusing it with primeval essence.

The Footprint Gu became brighter, and then suddenly exploded with a bang into a cloud of yellow-green powder.

The cloud enveloped Fang Yuan and spun around him before flying out of the discussion hall.

Where the cloud passed, footprints appeared on the ground.

They glowed the same yellow-green as the powder, and were about the size of Fang Yuan’s foot. They were Fang Yuan’s footprints from when he entered the discussion hall.

The footprints went from the pavilion into the academy dormitories and then to the academy, circling about. They also occasionally extended to the village’s inn.

The cloud became smaller as it flew, and finally at the 30,000th step, it vanished.

The results were clear, everyone checked and knew that Fang Yuan was innocent. There were no suspicious points.

Jia Fu sighed and took out a small jade box.

He opened it, revealing a lump of jade within.

It was a translucent emerald color, and there was a Gu sealed inside.

It was a stick bug, its body long and slim and green like the jade that encased it. It resembled a bamboo tube.

A normal stick bug was longer than an adult’s palm, but this Gu was no larger than a fingernail. It glowed with a faint white light.

“Green jade as its body, white light enveloping its form…this is the Bamboo Gentleman!” some of the elders exclaimed.

Even Gu Yue Bo was moved. He could not help but advise, “Brother Jia, this Bamboo Gentleman is a rank four Gu, it is not easily refined. Why waste it here?”

Jia Fu shook his head, looking at Fang Yuan. “I obtained this Bamboo Gentleman through gambling rocks when I was young. Once I realized what was in it, I could no longer finish opening it. As everyone knows, this Gu worm is fed honesty as food and can detect lies. Only an honest gentleman who has never lied can refine and feed this Gu.”

“Fang Yuan, you just have to open this rock and keep the Bamboo Gentleman in your aperture. Whatever I ask you, you will answer. Next, we will take out this Gu and let everyone see if it changed color. If it has, you’re lying!”

“No problem.” Fang Yuan did not hesitate. He immediately opened the jade piece and did as Jia Fu instructed.

The Bamboo Gentleman appeared in his aperture and emitted a faint green glow, covering the primeval sea.

Fang Yuan felt that if he said a single lie, the Bamboo Gentleman would detect it and change color.

But he had only accepted it because he had a trump card.

Spring Autumn Cicada! With a thought, the Spring Autumn Cicada awakened and let out a trace of its aura.

This aura was overpowering, and it immediately suppressed the Bamboo Gentleman.

It shrank in on itself, curling up and trembling in terror. How could it have the excess energy to detect lies?

Jia Fu began his interrogation, cutting to the heart of the matter. “Fang Yuan, did you harm my brother Jia Jin Sheng?”

“No!” Fang Yuan answered firmly.

Jia Fu asked, “Do you have any other information about him?”

Fang Yuan shook his head. “None.”

Jia Fu asked again, “After coming clean about the Liquor Worm, did you say anything dishonest to us?”

Fang Yuan shook his head again. “No.”

“Alright, you can take out the Bamboo Gentleman now.”

Fang Yuan took out the Bamboo Gentleman, and everyone saw that it was still emerald green with no changes.

The clan elders heaved a sigh of relief.

Jia Fu’s expression became milder as he held the Bamboo Gentleman, cupping his fists towards Gu Yue Bo. “Sorry for the offense this time, Brother Gu Yue.”

“No matter, we wished to know the truth as well.” Gu Yue Bo waved his hand, then sighed. “But what a pity for that Bamboo Gentleman.”

The Bamboo Gentleman had the ability to detect lies and was a rank four Gu, so it was very valuable. But feeding and refining it was not easy. It had to be refined by an honest gentleman. If the Gu Master had ever told a single lie, the refinement would fail and the Bamboo Gentleman would die.

Its food was honesty. It would reside in the aperture of an honest gentleman and consume their honesty as food to survive.

Now that the Bamboo Gentleman had been extracted from its hibernation, it was extremely weak, but it had no food to restore its strength. After being treated so harshly by Fang Yuan, its death was certain.

Jia Fu shook his head, looking at the Bamboo Gentleman in his hand, not feeling any pity.

He said solemnly, “I have already done my best to investigate, but I received no results. When I return home, I will employ the Divine Investigator, Tie Xue Leng[1]. He will certainly be able to find the truth! Goodbye.”

He cupped his fist towards Gu Yue Bo and left. His departure was crisp and quick, with a certain elegance to it.

Seeing Jia Fu and the rest leaving, Gu Yue Bo heaved a sigh of relief and said, “You all can leave now.”

He waved at the clan elders, but suddenly thought of something and said, “Academy Elder, please stay.”

Fang Yuan walked out of the pavilion safe and sound.

* * *

[1]. Tie Xue Leng (铁血冷) – the clan name, Tie, means “metal”, and Xue Leng means “cold blood”.

