Chapter 58: More Than Rules and Regulations


“Clan Leader, what is the matter?” the academy elder asked as he stood respectfully to the side.

“It’s nothing much. Take a seat, I have a story to share with you,” Gu Yue Bo said slowly, his eyes narrowing.

“I shall listen with my full attention!” The academy elder chose to sit at the seat closest to the clan leader.

Gu Yue Bo began to recount one of the tales of Ren Zu.

•••

Ren Zu had managed to say the names of Rules and Regulations Gu. His first order was for them to capture a Lifespan Gu.

Rules and Regulations Gu, one was round and the other square. If they worked together, they could capture all the Gu in the world. A Lifespan Gu was nothing difficult.

Ren Zu used the Lifespan Gu and regained his youth.

But then Rules Gu said, “Human, although you have subdued us, every time you command us, we will add a rule.”

Regulations Gu continued, “Your first order was to catch a Lifespan Gu. Our new rule is this: we will not repeatedly catch the same Gu for you.”

That meant that if Ren Zu wanted to catch a Lifespan Gu again, Rules and Regulations Gu would not help.

Ren Zu nodded, having no choice but to accept.

He gave his second command, “Then, other than Lifespan Gu, please capture all the other Gu in the world for me.”

After receiving this order, Rules Gu turned into a giant circle that encompassed the universe. Regulations Gu turned into a giant square that covered the entire world.

Together, they formed a giant net, enveloping heaven and earth.

When they shrank and returned to Ren Zu, all the Gu in the world other than Lifespan Gu were captured.

Ren Zu was overjoyed. With this, every Gu belonged to him. From now on, he was the ruler of the world!

But once he opened the net, with a swoosh, countless Gu swarmed out of the gap and fled. The Gu that Rules and Regulations Gu worked so hard to catch were gone without a trace.

When Ren Zu managed to close the net again, only five Gu were left.

“How could this happen?” Ren Zu was astonished.

Rules and Regulations Gu answered him, “Human, the world has countless Gu with all sorts of abilities. You have no strength or knowledge, how could you subdue them? We can only capture Gu for you. To subdue them, you must rely on yourself.”

Next they added, “That was your second order, so we’ll add a second rule — from now on, we will only catch one Gu for you at a time.”

Ren Zu could only nod, and carefully opened the net, leaving only a tiny gap.

Among the remaining five were Strength and Wisdom Gu. Seeing this, Ren Zu was overjoyed.

He said to Strength Gu, “Strength Gu, you abandoned me, do you have any regrets? If you succumb to me now, I will return your freedom.”

Strength Gu said, “Human, you are wrong. I did not escape not because I couldn’t, but because I wanted to stay. You want to subdue me, but that’s impossible. I only succumb to those stronger than me. However, we can make another deal. Give me your youth and I will temporarily obey you.”

Ren Zu was reluctant. He had just regained his youth, was he about to lose it again?

But he desired strength. He knew that with strength, life would become much easier.

Moreover, with strength, he could subdue more Gu.

Thus, Ren Zu accepted, and formed a second deal with it.

Ren Zu instantly became middle-aged, and Strength Gu flew out of the net and landed on Ren Zu’s shoulder.

Ren Zu had strength, and was full of confidence.

He then spoke to Wisdom Gu. “Wisdom Gu, you abandoned me, do you have any regrets? If you succumb to me now, I will return your freedom.”

Wisdom Gu said, “Human, you are wrong. I did not escape not because I couldn’t, but because I wanted to stay. You want to subdue me, but that’s impossible. I only succumb to those smarter than me. However, we can make another deal. Give me your middle age and I will temporarily obey you.”

Ren Zu refused to take this deal again.

He treasured his life more, and he also knew that once he sold his middle age, he would be left with old age. Before long, Strength and Wisdom Gu would leave him, just like last time.

Ren Zu refused the deal, but did not want to let go of Wisdom Gu.

Wisdom Gu was anxious, and said reluctantly, “Alright, Human, you win. I lost to you this time. As long as you tell me what method you used to capture me, I will admit defeat and not take anything from you. I will be at your disposal.”

Upon hearing this, Ren Zu was overjoyed, and before the Rules and Regulations Gu could stop him, he said, “I used Rules and Regulations Gu to capture you.”

Wisdom Gu laughed. “Ah, so these Gu are called Rules and Regulations. Haha, now that I know your names, you can no longer capture me.”

Suddenly, it turned into a flash of light and flew away, vanishing into thin air.

Rules and Regulations Gu complained, “Human, we told you that our names should be known by you alone. Otherwise, others will be able to use us. Look what happened, now that Wisdom Gu knows our names, it spells trouble.”

Only then did Ren Zu realize that he was tricked by Wisdom Gu. He was anguished, for he knew he had lost his only chance to capture Wisdom Gu using Rules and Regulations.

•••

Gu Yue Bo’s story came to an end. He looked at the academy elder expectantly.

The elder jumped up from his seat. He had heard Ren Zu’s story long ago, but from Gu Yue Bo’s mouth, it held greater meaning.

His eyes lit up in understanding. He bowed slightly to Gu Yue Bo, respectfully saying, “Clan Leader, you are using this story as an analogy? Fang Yuan is Wisdom Gu, and the clan is Ren Zu. Although Ren Zu used the Rules and Regulations Gu to capture Wisdom Gu and managed to trap it, Wisdom Gu eventually escaped.”

The academy elder paused and thought about it for a while before looking at Gu Yue Bo. “Sir, you want me to stop pressuring Fang Yuan? But he’s going more and more overboard…”

Gu Yue Bo held out his hand, silencing the academy elder and indicating that he should wait.

The elder sat down again, and Gu Yue Bo sighed. “Your comprehension is still superb. Unfortunately your grasp of the situation is still too small, you can only see that tiny plot of land in front of you. Let me tell you, the academy is a small matter. The clan is what’s truly important.

“I know that you are afraid that the other students, heavily suppressed by Fang Yuan, will eventually lose the fire in their hearts. Hehehe.” Gu Yue Bo shook his head as he waved a finger at the academy elder. “You’re overthinking it.

“What do you think the clan is doing? Do you think we rely only on your academy to nurture new blood? Of course not. Behind every student, there are parents, elders, and friends. Only with their support, encouragement, and expectations can our Gu Yue Clan’s new generation have confidence and motivation in their hearts.

“Fang Yuan has indeed repeatedly exceeded my expectations, he has a hint of outstanding excellence. I have been observing Fang Zheng secretly, and I have long known about Fang Yuan’s extortions. Just let him continue. Use him to polish Fang Zheng, Mo Bei, and Chi Cheng, these rough jade stones. There are many advantages in this matter; at the very least, this year’s class has the best martial arts I have ever seen.”

The academy elder was still worried. “But Clan Leader, excessive hurdles aren’t a good thing either, it will crush the jade. Fang Yuan has a Liquor Worm now. I’m worried that at the rank one stage, under Fang Yuan’s suppression, no one will be able to overturn the situation.”

“Then let them be unable to turn over the situation!” Gu Yue Bo snorted, showing the grace and callousness of a person in power. “What does it matter? Is it scarier than death? If they have the support of their family and elders and still lack motivation, then they were not even jade to begin with, and there is no meaning in teaching them. The clan has many new students enrolling in the academy each year. If this class fails, there’s always the next. As for Fang Zheng, starting tomorrow night, I will teach him in secret.”

“To have the clan leader’s personal tutoring, that is truly Fang Zheng’s fortune.” The academy elder couldn’t miss an opportunity to bootlick.

Gu Yue Bo’s expression softened as he looked at the elder. “Do you know the reason why, after so many decades, you are still the academy elder? Have greater tolerance. I know Fang Yuan infringed upon your dignity and humiliated you, but do you really have to be so calculating with a junior?

“I know that Fang Yuan is precocious, but he is still a youngster and tends to be rash. If not, he would not have hurt the guards in public and caused you to be in a predicament. Deep down he was furious, and that is understandable. He went from being hailed as a genius to being scorned as a commoner. It is normal for him to be angry at the clan.

“He is actually very childish. You can tell from how he tried to hide the Liquor Worm. How can it be hidden? Don’t think of him as a monster. Comparing him to Wisdom Gu is perhaps thinking too highly of him. At most, he has some cleverness, but lacks true wisdom and knowledge. If he hid the fact that he rose to middle stage, or accepted the class president position without any displeasure, that would truly be deep scheming.”

“Clan Leader, your meaning?” The academy elder raised his eyebrows.

“What I’m trying to say is, Fang Yuan is discontented with the clan. Then let him vent his anger. An ant is spitting at an elephant, should the elephant care? Emotions are meant to be let out and not bottled inside. Once he’s done venting, he will naturally fuse into the clan. The Gu Yue Clan has stood for nearly a thousand years. There have been countless people who were discontented, but did any of them manage to overturn the clan?

“A clan is not just about rules and regulations, there’s also blood and kinship. Ren Zu wanted to use the rules and regulations to capture wisdom. Yet not only did he lose, he also informed wisdom of the rules and regulations. There is profound meaning in this story: the rules are dead, but people are alive, and relationships are deep. If you only know how to use rules and regulations to catch people, it will only increase their resentment and cause the rift between them and the clan to grow. Fang Yuan is only C grade. If he’s lucky, after a few decades he’ll be a low-ranking elder. But he is still Fang Zheng’s twin brother. Do you understand now?”

“Yes!”

“Mmm, if a family only has rules and regulations, then the family is nothing but a corpse. But if you add the blood of kinship, it will be alive.” Gu Yue Bo nodded. “There’s one more thing I want you to remember.”

“Please teach me, sir.”

Gu Yue Bo looked out of the window towards the moon, his eyes distant. “The glory of the sea is that it can hold water from thousands of rivers. A person is great when he can be tolerant and forgiving to many. Remember this, and leave.”

“Yes sir, I shall take my leave,” said the academy elder as he left the hall.

