Chapter 59: Like Monkeys


That night’s moon was especially full.

The moonlight shone splendidly, like muslin draped over Qing Mao Mountain.

The Treasure Brass Toad traveled a hundred meters with every hop. The precipitous and narrow mountain path could not hinder it.

Jia Fu and his crew sat on the back of the Treasure Brass Toad. After exiting Gu Yue Village, they once again followed the mountain path the caravan had taken many days ago.

The wind whistled in their ears as the landscape rose and fell before them.

The moonlight shone on all their solemn faces. Jia Fu’s, in particular, was cold as ice.

After a while, a close subordinate could not stand this atmosphere and asked Jia Fu, “Master, what are we going to do now? Once we return home, how are you going to explain to the old master? Should we find a scapegoat first…?”

Jia Fu shook his head, then suddenly asked, “Do you know the story of Ren Zu?”

The subordinate was stunned, not expecting this question. He did not know how to reply.

Jia Fu continued, “Ren Zu had Rules and Regulations Gu, and could capture all the myriad Gu in the world. He obtained strength but lost wisdom. At that point his net still contained three Gu. He looked inside and saw that they were Attitude Gu, Belief Gu, and Suspicion Gu. Ren Zu was unwilling to let them go, so the three Gu could only gamble with him. Once Ren Zu opened the net, they would run out in three different directions, and whoever was caught by Ren Zu would be subdued. Do you know which one Ren Zu captured in the end?”

The trusted aide thought, and answered, “It was Attitude Gu!”

“Do you know why?” Jia Fu asked. The loyal subordinate shook his head.

Jia Fu laughed. “Because attitude means everything. Even if my father ‘believes’ or ‘suspects’, I have already displayed my ‘attitude’. Jia Jin Sheng went missing, and I immediately conducted an investigation. Once I had a clue, I rushed towards the Gu Yue Clan without pause. At the village, I risked the danger of being attacked by them and interrogated them then and there. I did not even sit down, and to prove Fang Yuan’s words, I went as far as to use a rank four Gu.

“Once I get back, I will even spend a great deal of money to employ the Divine Investigator, Tie Xue Leng, to investigate this matter. Regardless of whether Jin Sheng is dead or alive, as his brother, I have already done all that I should. My attitude shows everything! I thought it through earlier, and we don’t need a scapegoat. We shall go back honestly, because I was not at fault for this matter! Finding a scapegoat might just be a trap laid by Jia Gui. If I can find someone to take the blame, he can also find someone to overturn the case.”

His subordinate was shocked. “Master, you really suspect that Young Master Jia Gui was behind this?”

“Hmph, who else but him could do it so perfectly?” Jia Fu’s face distorted, anger burning in his eyes. “Before this, I was considerate of our relationship as brothers and did not do such a thing to him. But since he is so devious, I will have to pay him back an eye for an eye. He can’t blame me for being unscrupulous!”

He did not know that, far away, there was a pair of eyes sending him off.

Fang Yuan stood on the hillside as he silently watched.

The view that night was truly spectacular.

The round, golden-yellow moon hung high in the night sky, brightly illuminating the earth below.

The green mountains were verdant and lush. The pine and cypress trees, as well as the Qing Mao Mountain’s distinctive green spear bamboo, grew in countless clusters. A wide expanse of dark green poured down in torrents from the peak and flowed to the foot of the mountain.

The distant, endless mountains formed a muddled black shadow under the moonlight.

The tortuous mountain road resembled goat intestines as it snaked into the distance, occasionally sheltered by the forest.

Jia Fu and his group sat atop the Treasure Brass Toad, following the mountain road as they moved forward. As they continued onward, their figures were finally hidden by the trees.

Although the mountain terrain could not affect the Treasure Brass Toad’s speed, Jia Fu did not dare to recklessly cut across Qing Mao Mountain. If he barged into a beast’s den, even with his rank four cultivation, he would still not come out unscathed. Following the meandering mountain trail was best.

Not long ago, Fang Yuan had stood on the hill holding an umbrella, sending the caravan off. But here he was again, watching Jia Fu leave.

The trouble from killing Jia Jin Sheng is finally settled. His eyes were dark and distant and his heart was calm.

Even since he’d killed Jia Jin Sheng, he’d been considering how to tie up the loose ends.

He knew that without any backing or support, if the truth was revealed, the Gu Yue Clan would definitely sacrifice him. But if he just hid it blindly, the truth was bound to be exposed one day.

The smart way to lie was to mix truth and lies; some truth in his lies, and some lies in his truth.

He had to direct the trouble elsewhere!

This incident was like a chess game between Jia Fu’s caravan and the Gu Yue Clan. In this incident, be it Gu Yue Bo, the academy elder, or Jia Fu, they were all pawns. Even Fang Yuan himself was just a pawn.

To protect the pawn that represented himself, he had to use both sides and find a chance in between.

Fang Yuan had already started plotting many days ago.

He first made use of those two guards to create a good show for the academy elder. Next, he hid the existence of the Liquor Worm and stirred the curiosity of the clansmen, attracting a great deal of attention, including that of the higher-ups. At the same time, he allowed the academy elder to investigate him.

Next, he continued extorting his classmates and the class officers to express his “rashness”, “arrogance”, and “displeasure” to the clan. The higher-ups would interpret this as “showing weakness”.

Then he counted the days and waited for Jia Fu.

During the interrogation, he displayed immaturity and fear, which allowed him to guide everyone’s thoughts, letting them find out the “truth”.

Lastly, he made use of the Gu Yue Clan’s and Jia Fu’s opposing interests, and turned the academy elder, who was suspicious of him and had been investigating him, into his eye witness.

The Bamboo Gentleman was a small and unexpected accident, but it was still a rank four Gu. Under the Spring Autumn Cicada’s aura, it ironically became Fang Yuan’s greatest evidence.

Finally, Fang Yuan not only perfectly explained where he got the Liquor Worm, but also pushed the blame to the innocent Jia Gui, while he himself got out of the incident without losing a hair.

The academy elder was asked to stay behind. It seems that Gu Yue Bo is going to interfere in the academy’s affairs and get rid of the plan to suppress me. With his nature, he does have that much tolerance. But his real motive isn’t me, it should be Fang Zheng. One of my motives for blowing up the matter was to cause a commotion and make the higher-ups notice. If Gu Yue Bo doesn’t step up, Mo Chen and Chi Lian will come out to defend their reputations.

As for Jia Fu, he should be certain that Jia Gui is the culprit now. The flames of revenge are burning in his chest. Hehe, I am looking forward to it. With my interference, their conflict will escalate. I wonder if their Gu Master competition will happen sooner?

Ah, there is still that Divine Investigator. Tie Xue Leng…hmph. Fang Yuan recalled the name, and after half a beat, smiled slightly. Among the righteous path, there is indeed such a character. Unfortunately, he is a terribly busy man. It is not easy to get him to come. Jia Fu wants to show his attitude and thus he has to invite him, but the timing is hard to gauge. At the very least, it should take two or three years.

In two to three years, he would have rank two or three cultivation. By then, his life would be completely different.

The night wind brought the fresh, cool air of the mountains, laden with a pleasant fragrance.

Fang Yuan breathed in, feeling more refreshed.

He looked into the distance, his field of view wide. The unrestrained mountains were picturesque, tranquil and auspicious under the moon.

Through the pine trees, the bright moon shines,

over the stones, the clear spring flows.[1]

Fang Yuan could not help but think of a fable from Earth.

There was a group of monkeys that sought the moon. They saw it in a well, and they wanted to fish it up. The monkeys linked themselves together, each one grabbing onto the tail of the next, forming a chain that hung down into the well, until the monkey at the end could touch the surface of the water.

Once it stretched out its hand, the water rippled and the moon disappeared.

People in this world were like this. They would see the reflection of the moon, and think that it was the real thing.

Not knowing it was just the moon in the well, the moon in their eyes, or the moon in their hearts.

In this life I hope to become the real moon, rising above the mountains and sky, toying with the clouds and seas, illuminating the past and present, and walking in the darkness above the Nine Heavens. Fang Yuan’s eyes were crystal clear, and the beautiful green mountains were reflected in them.

On the hill, a thin teenager stood silently.

The golden moon was suspended high in the night sky.

It had existed since ancient times, traveling through the void, now faintly casting the small shadow of the young man onto the limestone.

* * *

[1]. From ‘Autumn Dusk in the Mountains’ (《山居秋暝》), by Wang Wei.

