Chapter 6: The Road to the Future Will Be Interesting


The aperture was mysterious and unusual. Although it was located inside Fang Yuan’s body, at the same time it did not share the same space with his internal organs. One could say that it was endlessly large, yet at the same time infinitely small.

Some called it the Purple Prefecture; some called it the Chinese Pool. However, most knew it as the Primeval Sea Aperture. It was spherical, and the surface of it was covered in flowing white light, like a thin layer of film. This film was formed from the Hope Gu that previously exploded.

The thin membrane of light supported the aperture so it would not collapse, and inside the aperture was, naturally, the primeval sea. The seawater was smooth as a mirror and a greenish color, yet it was denser than normal water and possessed a copper luster. Only rank one Gu Masters could form this primeval essence, known as the green copper sea.

The height of the sea surface did not reach even half of the aperture’s total volume — it was only up to 44%. This was the limitation of C grade talent. Every drop of seawater was pure primeval essence, representing the condensation of Fang Yuan’s essence, vitality, and soul. It was also the accumulation of his life’s potential over the past fifteen years.

Primeval essence was used by Gu Masters to raise Gu. This also meant that from now on, Fang Yuan had formally started on the path of a rank one Gu Master. Since his aperture had opened, no more Hope Gu entered Fang Yuan’s body.

Fang Yuan gathered himself and felt that the pressure before him was as thick as a wall; he could no longer take even one more step forward. Just like my previous life, he thought as he smiled indifferently.

“You can’t go any further?” the academy elder shouted from across the river, holding onto a small thread of hope. Fang Yuan turned around and walked back, answering with his actions.

At that moment, even the young teenagers started reacting. The crowd suddenly buzzed with chatter.

“What? Fang Yuan walked twenty-seven steps?”

“So he was just a C grade talent?!”

“Unbelievable, only C grade for a genius like him?”

A great disturbance erupted from the crowd.

“Elder Brother…” Among them, Fang Zheng looked up, watching in shock as Fang Yuan returned across the river. He did not dare to believe it, his own brother was only a C grade?

He had always thought that his older brother would be an A grade talent. No, not just him, even his aunt and uncle and so many people among the clan thought the same.

But now, the result was unexpectedly the opposite!

“Damn, he was only C grade!” The Gu Yue clan head clenched his fists and drew in a deep breath, disappointment evident in his tone.

The elders watching from the darkness had mixed reactions. Some were frowning, some lowered their head in discussion, some looked up with a sigh.

“Could the results be wrong?”

“How can that be? This method is accurate beyond reasoning, not to mention that we were watching the entire time. Even cheating is hard.”

“But all his actions and intelligence previously, how do you explain those?”

“Youths with greater talent would indeed display characteristics that surpass the ordinary man, such as intelligence, perception, memory, strength, agility, and so on. On the other hand, these characteristics do not mean that their primeval talent is definitely high. Everything will still be determined by the results.”

“The bigger your hopes, the bigger the disappointment. The Gu Yue Clan’s potential is on the decline.”

•••

His socks were soaked with icy water from the river, the cold piercing into his bones.

Fang Yuan walked with the same emotionless face, drawing closer and closer to the crowd. He could clearly see the academy elder’s heavy expression, and was aware of the stares thrown at him from over a hundred youths.

Their faces held many expressions: amazement and shock, sneers and gloating, and still others were totally indifferent.

The familiar sight made Fang Yuan unwillingly remember his previous life.

During that time, he felt as if the sky had fallen. When he had crossed the cold river, he lost his footing and fell, soaking his entire body in the water, feeling so lost. No one came forward to help him up.

Those disappointed, cold expressions and gazes were like sharp knives, piercing into his very heart. His mind was in chaos, his chest seared with pain. It was as if he had fallen from the clouds, down to the ground. The higher you stand, the harder you fall.

But in this life, as the same scene repeated itself, Fang Yuan’s heart was calm. He thought of the legend: when Predicaments come, give your heart to Hope.

And today, that hope was inside of him. Even though it was not great, it was better than those who had no talent at all.

If others felt disappointed, then let them be disappointed. What else could they do?

What does the disappointment of others have to do with me? The most important thing is to carry hope inside my heart!

Five hundred years of living had led him to understand that the interesting things that happened in a person’s life happened during the process of chasing after their own dreams. There was no need to ask others around you to not be disappointed or make them like it.

Walk on your own path, let others be disappointed and unhappy however they please!

The academy elder let out a deep sigh and shouted, “Next, Gu Yue Fang Zheng!”

But no answer came.

“Gu Yue Fang Zheng!” the elder yelled again, the sound of his voice reverberating inside the cave.

“Ah? I’m here, I’m here!” Fang Zheng snapped out of his shock and ran out hurriedly. Unfortunately, he tripped over his own feet and fell, hitting his head with a groan as he tumbled into the river.

Instantly, the entire cave was filled with uproarious laughter.

“The Fang brothers, nothing special,” the Gu Yue clan head scoffed, feeling a sort of annoyed boredom towards Fang Zheng.

This is such an embarrassment! Fang Zheng struggled and splashed in the water. The bottom of the river was just too slippery; he couldn’t get up properly. Trying his best only made him look more stupid and clumsy. He grew increasingly flustered as the sound of laughter filled his ears.

But at that moment, he suddenly felt a strong pull lifting him up. His head finally left the water’s surface and his body found balance again.

He wiped his face in a panic and focused on his rescuer. It was actually his older brother, Fang Yuan, who had grasped his collar and pulled him up.

Elder Brother… he opened his mouth to speak. But instead he started choking on water, and began coughing violently.

“Haha, the difficult older and younger brothers of the Fang family!” someone mocked from the riverbank. The laughter grew louder, yet the academy elder did not stop it. He was frowning deeply, disappointment filling his heart.

Fang Zheng was completely at a loss on what to do, but then he heard his brother speak. “Go on. The road to the future will be interesting.”

Fang Zheng could not help but open his mouth in surprise. Fang Yuan’s back was facing the crowd, so they could not see it, but Fang Zheng could clearly feel the calmness radiating from Fang Yuan. As his older brother spoke, the corners of his mouth were slightly raised, revealing a deep and thoughtful smile.

He’s obviously only C grade, yet how can he be so calm? Fang Zheng could not help but wonder, his heart full of doubt. Yet Fang Yuan did not say any more. He patted Fang Zheng on the back, turned, and walked away.

Fang Zheng wore a stupefied expression as he walked towards the flower sea. I never thought Elder Brother would actually be so calm. If it was me, I’d…

He lowered his head, walking forward absent-mindedly. Yet he did not know that he was playing out a miraculous scene. When he finally snapped out of his reverie, he was already deep in the sea of flowers, standing at a distance that no one else before him had reached.

43 steps!

“Oh my god, A grade talent!” the academy elder screamed, seeming to have lost his mind.

“A grade, really an A grade!?”

“It’s been three years, an A grade genius has finally appeared in the Gu Yue Clan!”

The clan elders that were watching in the darkness were also screaming out at the same time, losing their composure.

“Well, the Fang branch family originated from the Chi family. So we will adopt Gu Yue Fang Zheng,” Chi Lian immediately announced.

“How is that possible? You old bag Chi Lian, your morals and abilities are out of order, but you’re definitely good at misleading young boys. It’s better to pass this kid on to me to raise!” Mo Chen roared back instantly.

“Stop arguing. No one is more qualified to raise this child than the current clan leader. Whoever has any objections will have to go against me, Gu Yue Bo!” the clan head shouted like a madman, sweeping his fiery red gaze over the disappointed and discouraged elders.

