Chapter 60: How Can It Be Easy?


The night sky of early summer was beautiful.


There was not a single cloud floating in the sky, and the stars flickered like crystals.


Sandalwood crickets took the stage from the dragonpill crickets, and their emotional songs rang from the bushes, creeks, and trees.


Gu Yue Village was radiantly lit, as if it was reflecting the starry sky.


The dark green bamboo houses stood one after another in the night wind, and beneath the dome of stars, the streets possessed a tranquil ambience.


Fang Yuan was not in the village to appreciate it. He had snuck into the secret cave in the rock crack.


He half-kneeled, his hand caressing the wall where the video had once played as his palm glowed with blue moonlight.


The video was already gone, and it was now no different from the surrounding stone. Without the knowledge Fang Yuan possessed, who would know that hidden here was the Flower Wine Monk’s inheritance?


It had been over a month since the Flower Wine Monk’s dying message had appeared, revealing the existence of his inheritance. The bloody writing that had briefly appeared afterwards had contained instructions to break this wall to reveal a cave before it vanished.


Although he knew about the Flower Wine Monk’s inheritance, Fang Yuan hadn’t had time to explore it till now.


He’d had to kill Jia Jin Sheng to keep the secret, and was busy getting rid of the evidence. After that, to follow his plan to eliminate any suspicion that he was the culprit behind the murder, he was forced to stay within the village.


After Jia Fu left and the academy elder stopped his investigations, he waited ten days for the attention on him to wane before sneaking out to the cave.


In his aperture, the green copper sea fell as Fang Yuan sent his primeval essence into the Moonlight Gu on his right palm.


The light beneath his hand flickered constantly. Rock powder fell to the ground wherever it passed.


This was the same method Fang Yuan had used when he opened the rocks in the gambling den.


However, that technique had been more careful and refined, since he was trying not to damage any Gu that might have been in the rocks. Here, he was using it more roughly to break through the thick wall.


This was the sixth day that he had come to shave away the wall.


On the floor was a large pile of dark red rock powder.


Qing Mao Mountain’s soil was generally greenish black. But here, the dirt and stone were a strange red that glowed softly in the deep darkness.


This was fortunate, as it meant Fang Yuan did not need to prepare a torch.


In order to avoid being suspected, Fang Yuan did not use any tools. A steel hammer or a pickaxe would undoubtedly be better for breaking through the stone, but if he used them, the sound would reverberate all over the area.


Regardless of how well the sound might or might not carry, Fang Yuan wanted to eliminate the risk.


Small details like this often decided one’s victory or defeat.


Caution was not just a virtue for Fang Yuan, it had long grown into something like a habit.


In his past life, he had been careless and carefree, but he’d quickly paid a heavy price. There was a saying: “People grow more cowardly with age”. In actuality, it was not cowardice, but patient caution. Five hundred years of experience had engraved it into his soul.


Taking in a deep breath, Fang Yuan slowly stopped his primeval essence.


He plopped onto the ground, extremely exhausted.


He had dug about three inches deep into an area about half the height of an adult man.


Fang Yuan wiped the sweat off his forehead while exercising his shoulders and stretching his legs. Due to long hours of squatting, they had grown numb.


Knock, knock, knock.


Fang Yuan bent his fingers and knocked on the rock wall.


Hearing the sound, he felt happy, as he could tell it was getting thinner.


Closing his eyes to meditate, he checked the situation inside his aperture once again.


There was less than 20% primeval essence remaining.


Continue working hard! Fang Yuan gritted his teeth and stretched out his right hand to the wall once again.


The watery moonlight glowed for another fifteen minutes, then Fang Yuan suddenly halted. Removing his hand, he saw that there was already a small hole.


He immediately stood up and kicked at the wall.


With a crash, the hole expanded and became as big as a bamboo basket.


Fang Yuan cautiously took a few steps backwards. The air from the hole felt stale as it permeated the secret cave.


The cave’s ventilation was not good. Fang Yuan thought for a moment and decided to leave, returning to the outside world.


Only after a while did he return.


The stale feeling had somewhat dissipated, and Fang Yuan continued to expand the size of the hole, sometimes using the Moonlight Gu, and at other times using his hands to dig or his legs to kick. After a while, he finally expanded the hole enough that he could fit into it.


Looking in, there was a diagonal path downwards.


The path was initially narrow, but widened as it went. At the start, one would have to bend over, but further in, they could stand up.


The cave’s walls were that same red stone, emitting a faint glow. This caused the passage’s interior to be visible.


But the path was very long and extended beyond his sight. Due to the angle, Fang Yuan could not see what lay at the end.


He stood at the cave entrance and did not immediately step in.


An inheritance was not simple.


In many cases, a Gu Master would die and leave behind their belongings without any preparations. Anyone could stumble upon their corpse and take what remained.


An inheritance was when a Gu Master, whether they were on the verge of death and reluctant to let their legacy go extinct, or to benefit future generations, or to leave behind the memory of their existence in the world, purposely created trials to test potential inheritors.


Using the Flower Wine Monk as an example, he set up this inheritance with a clear objective — to nurture an avenger, to take revenge on the Gu Yue Clan!


If the person who came along was able to pass these trials, they would obtain all sorts of benefits. The person who passed the final test would obtain the entire inheritance.


Inheritances were split into righteous inheritances and demonic inheritances, mirroring the righteous and demonic paths of cultivation.


Righteous inheritances were exquisitely crafted to test the nature and character of the inheritor. Even if someone failed, there would not be any mortal danger.


Demonic inheritances were more complex.


Demonic cultivators were often insane, or stubborn, or cold-blooded, or murderous, and could not be assessed by normal standards.


Some demonic inheritances had trials that tested the mind. With countless puzzles, the inheritor would fall into deep confusion, spending their entire lives trying without anything to show for it.


Some were extremely simple, no more than a secret room with Gu worms and primeval stones inside.


Some were extremely cruel, and failure often spelled death.


Some were more extreme — a few demonic inheritances were nothing but lies, a giant trap. Their creators’ final wish was to bring someone down with them, to trick others into despair and death.


Which type does Flower Wine Monk’s inheritance belong to? Fang Yuan thought deeply.


With his previous life’s memories, he was familiar with all future famous demonic inheritances. But no one had discovered this inheritance in that life, so far as he knew, and Fang Yuan was left unaware of the details.


By all rights, it shouldn’t be a trap. Otherwise, the Flower Wine Monk would not have left the video. But is there a hidden mechanism?


Fang Yuan picked up a rock and threw it into the cave.


The rock bounced down the path and quickly rolled out of sight. He could hear a series of collisions echo as it continued down the tunnel.


Fang Yuan fell into deep thought. This initial test didn’t reveal any dangers.


But he did not enter yet. He took some rock powder from the debris and spread it around the entrance he had revealed as well as at the entrance of the cave itself.


Then he squeezed out of the cave and left.


A few hundred meters from the cave, in a bush, he found the green bamboo wine he had brought along. Opening the seal, he drank deeply and purposely spilled some of it on his clothes so that he would smell of alcohol.


Carrying the wine, he returned to the village, and upon reaching the dormitories, it was exactly midnight.


If he did not return at night, people would get suspicious. It was better to go out early at night and return late at night.


Fang Yuan was already known to do this back when he had been searching for the Liquor Worm, so no one would find it peculiar.


The stars faded and the sun appeared, after a night of silence.


