Chapter 61: Like a Rope


The bright morning sun shone on Qing Mao Mountain.

In the academy, the elder made some announcements. “Tomorrow, you will be choosing your second Gu worm. Everyone here has undergone the process of refining Gu, and this time you can solidify your experiences. Consider your second Gu carefully. Use the knowledge and experience you have acquired in class and in the process of your cultivation, as well as your understanding of yourself. Normally, it is best if you pair the second Gu well with your vital Gu.”

The vital Gu, the first Gu one refined, would be the foundation of their cultivation. Further Gu would build upon this foundation and decide the direction of their cultivation.

After hearing the academy elder’s words, the youngsters began to ponder. Only Fang Yuan did not listen; he was sleeping soundly on his desk.

He had worked hard for half the night yesterday, and after returning to the dormitories, he still continued in his cultivation, nurturing his aperture. Only once the sun had risen did he sleep.

The academy elder looked at Fang Yuan and frowned, but did not say anything.

Ever since the clan leader had spoken to him, he had adopted a hands-off attitude towards Fang Yuan.

“Which Gu worm should I choose?” As the students thought about it, they subconsciously looked towards Fang Yuan.

“Speaking of which, Fang Yuan already has his second Gu worm.”

“Yeah, that Liquor Worm. His luck is crazy to actually get one out of gambling rocks!”

“If I had a Liquor Worm, I would advance to middle stage first too, huh?”

The students’ thoughts varied, some full of admiration and others jealous.

Ever since his interrogation, Fang Yuan’s Liquor Worm had been successfully exposed. Its origins did not raise suspicion. The clansmen were both enlightened and also exasperated at Fang Yuan’s luck.

Why don’t I have such luck! Chi Cheng, a fellow C grade, sighed deeply in his heart.

Some time ago, his grandfather had asked around and tried to procure a Liquor Worm for him. To think that, even as a family branch’s inheritor, he couldn’t get one; to think Fang Yuan managed to get a Liquor Worm before him.

In contrast with Chi Cheng’s envy and depression, the other vice president Fang Zheng was full of spirit.

Brother, I will definitely surpass you. He glanced at Fang Yuan before looking away.

Recently, his eyes were shining, and he felt a sort of excitement towards life. His face was full of color, and even his steps were quicker and lighter.

The academy elder saw all of it, and immediately understood that the clan leader had started secretly teaching Fang Zheng.

Such underhanded methods were obviously not for the public to know.

The academy elder turned a blind eye.

•••

Soon it was night once more.

Fang Yuan entered the secret cave again.

Ring ring ring…

In his hand, a wild rabbit was struggling, a bell tied to its neck.

Fang Yuan had caught it on the mountain. Naturally, he was the one who had attached the bell.

After a day, the stuffy smell in the secret cave had dissipated, and the air was fresh.

The passage entrance was open just as he’d left it. Fang Yuan knelt to inspect the floor. Yesterday, he had spread rock powder inconspicuously around the passage entrance.

The rock powder is intact. It seems that during my absence, nothing strange has crawled out of it. The powder at the cave entrance does have a footprint, but it’s mine, so evidently no one else has come here. Fang Yuan felt at ease after his inspection.

He stood up, using his hands to pull dead vines from the wall. Next, he sat on the ground and used his leg to hold the wild rabbit in place, leaving both hands free to weave the vines.

This was a skill that normal Gu Masters wouldn’t have, but Fang Yuan had too much experience. In his past life, many a time he was so poor that he couldn’t afford to feed his Gu worms, and all he could do was let them starve to death one by one.

For a time, he’d had primeval essence but no Gu worms; he became just like a mortal, and merely staying alive was difficult. With no other options, he learned to weave grass into sandals and hats and such and sold them in exchange for primeval stone fragments to feed himself.

While twisting the vines in his hands, Fang Yuan’s memories of that time resurfaced.

All his anguish and suffering from those days transformed into soundless laughter now. The rabbit underneath his foot continued to struggle, the bell ringing again and again.

A pair of strings touch, ten thousand twists and ten thousand turns make their love inseparable.[1]

Delicately and slowly, with the passing of years, let them converge. Complications, entanglements, twists and turns all.

Weaving grass, wasn’t it just like experiencing life?

In the secret cave, the red light shone on Fang Yuan, showing youthfulness and experience intertwining together on his face.

Time seemed to have stopped, silently appreciating the young man weaving his ropes.

Ring ring ring…

An hour later, the wild rabbit rapidly entered the passageway, the bell on its neck sounding continuously. In a few breaths, it left Fang Yuan’s field of vision.

Fang Yuan held the improvised grass rope. The other end was attached to the rabbit’s hind leg, and it pulled the rope with it as it moved further in.

After a while, the rope stopped all movement.

But that did not mean the rabbit had reached the end of the tunnel. It could have been killed by a trap or just decided to take a rest midway.

Fang Yuan began to pull at the rope. The rope gradually tightened as he tugged at it.

On the other end, something suddenly tugged back and the rope was pulled further into the cave.

Evidently, the rabbit had felt him pulling at the rope and, in a panic, moved deeper into the cave.

After repeating this a few times, the rabbit finally reached the end of the path, and no matter how Fang Yuan tugged at the rope, it only tightened and relaxed.

Maybe the rabbit had reached the end of the tunnel, or maybe it had fallen into a trap and got stuck.

It was simple to find out the answer.

Fang Yuan started to retrieve the rope in earnest. His strength far surpassed that of the rabbit, and eventually he dragged it back.

The rabbit struggled at the other end, but the rope was made from the remains of Wine Sack Flower Gu and Rice Pouch Grass Gu. Although they had been dead for years, the vines remained sturdy, unlike normal plants.

The wild rabbit was once again struggling in Fang Yuan’s hands. He inspected the wild rabbit and saw that it had no injuries, then he finally breathed a sigh of relief.

For now, it seems that this segment of the passageway is safe.

The rabbit had thus lost its value, and Fang Yuan killed it instantly, throwing the corpse to the ground.

He could not let the rabbit go, for animals also had memories. If it came back again and, like the Liquor Worm, attracted outsiders, it would be very bad.

He breathed in deeply. After a moment, he finally stepped into the passageway.

Even with the wild rabbit going first, there were many traps and mechanisms that specifically targeted larger creatures. A small animal like the wild rabbit would be unable to activate them. Thus, Fang Yuan still had to be careful.

The tunnel was straight as it descended into the mountain rock. The deeper it was, the wider and taller the passage became.

Fang Yuan had to lower his head when entering at first, but after more than fifty steps, he was able to take large strides while standing straight, and after a hundred steps, he could walk while spreading his arms to the sides.

The tunnel was not that long, it was only around three hundred meters. But Fang Yuan spent around two hours before he finally reached the end of the path.

Along the way, he was vigilant, and carefully explored step by step. By the time he reached the end, he was sweating profusely.

It’s so troublesome without a detection Gu worm. Fang Yuan wiped the sweat off his forehead and, after confirming his safety, calmed down and inspected the area.

This time, he was stunned.

At the end of the tunnel, there was a massive boulder. Its surface was smooth, and it protruded towards Fang Yuan, resembling Jia Fu’s belly.

This rock alone halted Fang Yuan’s progress.

Other than this boulder, there was nothing else.

Did the tunnel collapse and seal off this path? Fang Yuan’s eyes narrowed as he thought about the possibilities.

Before the Flower Wine Monk died, he was eager to set up the inheritance. He used the Thousand Li Earthwolf Spider and created a tunnel leading deep into the mountain.

After hundreds of years, the passage was unable to withstand the corrosion of time, and eventually, one of the areas collapsed due to lack of maintenance.

All sorts of accidents could happen in life.

If that’s the case, won’t I be stuck here? He went forward and touched the boulder. It was about as tall as a doorway; one could only imagine its overall thickness.

Fang Yuan could use the Moonlight Gu to carve away at it, but with a rock this size, it would take at least a year or two.

It seems like I might be forced to use tools. But if I do that, I might leave a trail. The sound of the work might also carry outside the cave. Fang Yuan frowned deeply. He was weighing the pros and cons.

If the risk was too great, he would rather give up this inheritance.

After all, if others found out this secret, all the plotting and acting that Fang Yuan had done would go to waste, and his life would even be in danger!

* * *

[1]. A line from ‘Twisting Grass Ropes’ (《搓草绳》) by Nie Gannu.

