Chapter 62: Choosing Gu Again


The sun rose, signifying the arrival of another day.

The students lined up properly, faces flushed with excitement as they stood before the academy’s Gu storage room.

Today was the day that they would pick their second Gu!

As the first to advance to middle stage, Fang Yuan had priority in choosing, and therefore stood at the front of the queue.

Behind him were Mo Bei, Fang Zheng, and Chi Cheng.

Creak.

The guards pulled open the door to the storage room, and Fang Yuan was the first to set foot inside.

It was the same as it had been before: a moderately-sized room whose walls bore countless square alcoves, some big and some small, holding all sorts of containers.

There were rock pots, jade pots, cages woven from grass, and some porcelain ware.

All sorts of rank one Gu worms were stored in these containers. The academy probably spent more than a thousand primeval stones every day just to feed these Gu.

Fang Yuan glanced through and found that many of the containers were already empty.

The Gu worms in the storage room were replenished once a year. Most of the students had chosen a Moonlight Gu as their vital Gu several months ago, so there were none left at the moment.

The room had no windows. There was only a small skylight in the ceiling, through which a golden rectangle of sunlight streamed down.

The first time he’d entered this room, he’d already had an objective, and he chose a Moonlight Gu immediately. But now, he had several possible targets in mind.

But it all depended on what the storage room had in stock.

Fang Yuan moved along the left wall, walking slowly while examining the catalog.

Five steps later, he paused.

There was a bronze bowl in an alcove near his shoulder, and within it was a Gu worm.

It was like a bedbug, flat and wide with a small head and an oval body. Its carapace was yellow-orange throughout, and it emitted a faint bronze glow.

This was a Bronze Skin Gu, often chosen by close-combat Gu Masters. The academy’s martial arts instructor raised one, and once activated, it would cause one’s body to glow yellow, greatly raising their defense.

Fang Yuan’s knowledge was deep and broad, so of course he did not have any urge for this Gu. He continued forward and saw a Stone Skin Gu.

This Gu resembled the Bronze Skin Gu, but its body was gray, like it was carved from stone.

After six Stone Skin Gu, there was an Iron Skin Gu.

This Gu also resembled the other two. It stood silently in an iron bowl, unmoving, its body faintly glowing iron-black.

As humans had families, so did Gu.

The three Gu that Fang Yuan saw one after another were all from the same series. They were similar in appearance and had similar effects.

“Iron Skin, Bronze Skin, Stone Skin, Jade Skin Gu…if there is a Jade Skin Gu, I might as well choose it,” Fang Yuan mumbled as he felt a flicker of expectation, and he continued walking.

However, he was destined to be disappointed. After the Iron Skin Gu, he saw a Beast Skin Gu.

The Jade Skin Gu and Beast Skin Gu belonged to the same series as the Bronze Skin Gu. But they had a great difference in value — the Beast Skin Gu was the most common, even cheaper than the Rock Skin Gu, but it had more evolutionary lines and could fuse with more varieties of Gu.

The Jade Skin Gu was the most rare in this series. Its market value was only second to the Liquor Worm, and at times, its price would fluctuate and rival it.

Fang Yuan looked around, but he did not find a Jade Skin Gu. He was not disappointed, instead laughing in relief. Gu Yue Village is just a middling clan and the academy’s storage is only of middling quality. Having a Jade Skin Gu is rather impossible.

He had seen everything in the left wall, so Fang Yuan swapped to another wall and continued browsing.

Most of these alcoves contained Longhorn Beetle Gu.

Similar to the Skin Gu series, Longhorn Beetle Gu were a large family among rank one Gu worms.

Their outer appearances were similar — they were largely cylindrical, with slightly flattened backs. They were colored mostly black, with a faint metallic glow. Their antennae were longer than their bodies, and their jaws were strong and made scraping sounds as they opened and closed, like the sound of timber being sawed. Due to this, some Gu Masters called them the “sawing tree bunch”.

The first to enter Fang Yuan’s vision was a Brute Force Longhorn Beetle Gu.

Its body was a metallic red. Its antennae were thicker than others in its family, and they were segmented like bamboo.

This Gu was highly sought after; the caravan had sold many of them during its visit.

The Brute Force Longhorn Beetle Gu gave Gu Masters temporary super strength. It would grant the strength of a bull, for as long as five breaths.

But it had two weaknesses.

One was that every activation consumed too much primeval essence: 10% of rank one middle stage primeval essence, or 20% of initial stage.

The other was that its use had consequences. If the Gu Master had a weak constitution, using this Gu a lot would strain and tear their muscles. Only Gu Masters with strong bodies would choose to use it. A small person like Fang Yuan was not suited for it.

Fang Yuan knew this as well, and walked past it as he continued his search.

“Oh? This is not bad.” He halted.

It was a Yellow Camel Longhorn Beetle Gu.

It was a bit thinner than the Brute Force Longhorn Beetle Gu, and its carapace was dark yellow. The antennae were not segmented, and faded from yellow to black at the tips.

While the Brute Force Longhorn Beetle Gu could grant a Gu Master temporary strength, the Yellow Camel Longhorn Beetle Gu could grant the Gu Master durability and allow their stamina expenditure to be greatly reduced, but it could only last for fifteen minutes. At the same time, using it had no repercussions.

Among rank one Gu worms, the Yellow Camel Longhorn Beetle was quite valuable, comparable to the Moonlight Gu and only losing to the Jade Skin Gu and Liquor Worm.

Fang Yuan inspected the surrounding alcoves and found that there was only one Yellow Camel Longhorn Beetle.

“The Gu is not bad, but it is not compatible with me.” Fang Yuan shook his head.

He had finished looking at the second wall, but he was not satisfied.

The Gu in the storage room were only at this level of quality. Chances were slim he would find anything outstanding.

Fang Yuan turned to the third wall and continued inspecting.

On this wall, Boar Gu were dominant.

This was another family of Gu worms, consisting of Flower Boar Gu, Pink Boar Gu, Black Boar Gu, and White Boar Gu.

Pink Boar Gu had the least value, and almost no one wanted it. It only had one ability: to gain weight. After a Gu Master injected their primeval essence, the Pink Boar Gu would change their constitution and cause them to get fat. No matter how skinny they were before, they would become enormous.

There were only two or three Pink Boar Gu in the storage room, obviously due to their low value.

The Flower Boar Gu was the most abundant, with more than a dozen in a row. These Gu worms had flower patterns on their carapaces, either white and black, black and pink, or white and pink, or even all three colors at once.

Like the Brute Force Longhorn Beetle Gu, using it gave a burst of strength.

The Brute Force Longhorn Beetle Gu gave one bull’s strength, and the Flower Boar Gu gave one boar’s strength. The Flower Boar Gu cost the same amount of primeval essence as the Brute Force Longhorn Beetle Gu, but the strength persisted for twice as long.

This was because the Gu Master gained less strength, thus suffering fewer side effects.

The Flower Boar Gu is the most common. Its price is half that of the Brute Force Longhorn Beetle Gu, truly a good deal. But among the Boar Gu family, only the last two have greater value, more than even the Jade Skin Gu and Liquor Worm! Fang Yuan’s eyes flickered as he thought.

A Black Boar Gu or White Boar Gu would sell for six hundred primeval stones, and would usually sell as soon as they appeared.

These Gu could change the Gu Master’s body, raising their strength permanently.

Although the Brute Force Longhorn Beetle could grant a bull’s strength, it could only last five breaths, used too much primeval essence, and had strong side effects.

The Black and White Boar Gu would grant only a little strength every time they were used, but their effect was cumulative. Furthermore, this strength would belong to the Gu Master: even if the Gu died, their strength would remain.

That was the reason why they cost more than the Liquor Worm.

The Liquor Worm could only refine primeval essence, and in an intense battle, a Gu Master’s primeval essence was easily depleted. For the remainder of the battle, they could only rely on their martial arts and their physical strength. That was when the White and Black Boar Gu would show their worth; they were more reliable than the Liquor Worm.

If I can refine a Black Boar Gu or White Boar Gu, that would be good. Fang Yuan imagined this scenario, but in a storage room that only had one Yellow Camel Longhorn Beetle, how could there be something as rare as a White or Black Boar Gu?

He finished his tour of the room. As expected, there was nothing that truly captivated him.

In the end, he retrieved a Little Light Gu from an alcove in a corner.

There were five of this Gu in the storage room.

It was oddly shaped, like a five-pointed star, and was only half as large as a fingernail.

The Little Light Gu was an assistance Gu that could be paired with the Moonlight Gu. It was merely an average option, but at least it suited his development path.

“Fang Yuan is out.”

“Geez, finally out after so long.”

“I wonder what Gu he chose?”

“He already has the Liquor Worm, this is his third Gu. Maybe he won’t be able to raise them properly. Hehe.”

Fang Yuan leisurely walked out of the storage room. The students were waiting for such a long time that they had started to become restless.

It’s my turn! I wonder what Gu Fang Yuan has chosen? Once Mo Chen saw Fang Yuan stepping out, he rushed into the storage room.

He checked and found the sole Yellow Camel Longhorn Beetle. Mo Chen was overjoyed and grabbed it immediately.

Afterwards, Fang Zheng went in.

I have the Moonlight Gu for offense, but I lack a defensive Gu worm. Fang Zheng, after long consideration, decided to choose a Bronze Skin Gu.

Chi Cheng was the fourth to enter.

I need evasion, so that in future battles I will be able to hit others, but they cannot hit me. I’ll be virtually unbeatable. He looked left and right, and finally chose a Dragonpill Cricket Gu.

