Chapter 63: Gift of Jade / Buried Treasure


The sun fell and the moon rose, signaling the arrival of nightfall.


Within a hidden courtyard in Gu Yue Village, there was a massive locust tree. Its branches stretched and intertwined, the luxuriant leaves forming a canopy of jasper that enveloped the entire courtyard.


Moonlight fell gently through the blanket of leaves.


A gust of wind blew, making the shadows dance to the rustling of the tree.


Under this tree, there were two people.


Gu Yue Bo looked gently at Fang Zheng. “Today you chose your second Gu. I wonder what it is?”


“Sir, today I chose a Bronze Skin Gu.” Fang Zheng stood rigid and spoke with a look of reverence.


Gu Yue Bo nodded, and after pondering for a moment, he replied, “Not bad, it is a good choice.”


Fang Zheng stood before Gu Yue Bo, his body tensed and tightened. Hearing Gu Yue Bo’s praise, he did not know how to reply for a while, so in the end he only laughed. “Clan Leader, I chose randomly.”


“You think I’m not serious in praising you? No.” Gu Yue Bo smiled. “Did you know? Looking at a person’s choice of Gu can tell you their disposition.


“You chose the Bronze Skin Gu for defense. Paired with the Moonlight Gu, they are both offense and defense. This shows your pure nature. In this world, offense and defense are like assault and ambush, yin and yang, soft and hard. This is the king’s path.


“Mo Bei chose a Yellow Camel Longhorn Beetle, which grants stamina and allows him to fight sustained battles. This shows his stubborn and strong attitude.


“As for Chi Cheng, he chose a Dragonpill Cricket Gu, allowing him to raise his evasion. This shows his dislike of frontal attacks, his shrewdness, and his tactical nature, but also the weakness in his character.”


Fang Zheng was stunned. He did not expect that such a simple matter could reveal so much.


Consequently, his attitude towards Gu Yue Bo became even more respectful.


“Clan Leader, what did my brother choose?” Fang Zheng thought of Fang Yuan and immediately asked.


Gu Yue Bo laughed. “He chose a Little Light Gu, which is used to assist the Moonlight Gu and can make its moonblades stronger. This shows his extreme, active, and invasive personality.”


“Indeed, my brother seems to be like that,” Fang Zheng muttered.


Gu Yue Bo took Fang Zheng’s expression into consideration and etched it into his mind.


Rulers had their unique abilities. Although they had not interacted for long, Gu Yue Bo’s experienced eyes had already seen through Fang Zheng.


Telling Fang Zheng about Mo Bei and Chi Cheng’s decisions had deeper meaning.


It was to help Fang Zheng analyze these two people, to guide him down the path of defeating them and solidifying his eventual bid to be clan leader.


But Gu Yue Bo would not say that out loud, and would not instigate Fang Zheng’s actions.


As the clan leader, his every word and action had political implications. If he directly controlled Fang Zheng to deal with Chi Cheng and Mo Bei, and word of it spread, it might be misunderstood as his own political move. In that case, the implications would be massive. It might even cause a clan-wide dispute, harming the entire village.


There was another point — Gu Yue Bo was waiting for Fang Zheng to understand his intentions. He spent time and effort to nurture Fang Zheng, but it was not to nurture a rank four or five fighter. A fighter without political knowledge was like a double-edged sword. He needed a future leader for the clan!


I analyzed Mo Bei and Chi Cheng’s personality for Fang Zheng, but he did not notice my intention, and instead asked about Fang Yuan. It seems that he has great trauma regarding Fang Yuan, but he is also at his rebellious stage. He wants to beat Fang Yuan, that’s understandable. If only Fang Zheng had Fang Yuan’s intelligence. I’ve seen many talented youths in my years, but when it comes to political wit, Fang Yuan tops them all. It’s a pity he only has C grade talent.


Gu Yue Bo sighed internally, but he smiled even more gently at Fang Zheng.


He took out a Gu worm from his pocket.


“This is…a Jade Skin Gu?” Fang Zheng asked, his eyes lighting up.


Gu Yue Bo said, “Compared to the Bronze Skin Gu, this Jade Skin Gu is much better. Not only does it use less primeval essence, it also gives greater defense. Do you want it?”


“Clan Leader!” Fang Zheng was shocked, and he looked at Gu Yue Bo, stuttering, “I…of course I want it.”


“I can give it to you.” Gu Yue Bo laughed even more amicably. “But as the clan leader, I have to be impartial and cannot hand it over for no reason. Thus, I have a condition.”


Fang Zheng nodded repeatedly, eyes wide. “What condition?”


Gu Yue Bo’s smile vanished, replaced with a stern expression. “I want you to be the first to reach rank two, to be first in terms of cultivation! And this Jade Skin Gu is your advancement reward.”


“Ah, advance to rank two?” Fang Zheng hesitated for a moment. He had just become rank one middle stage; after middle stage was upper stage, and after that there was still peak stage.


But now, Gu Yue Bo wanted him to be the first person to advance to rank two.


“What’s wrong, are you afraid? Then I can only give this Gu to others.” Gu Yue Bo pretended to put away the Jade Skin Gu.


Fang Zheng was incited by these words, he felt his head grow hot as he shouted, “No, I promise you! I will defeat everyone and be the first rank two cultivator!”


“That’s the way.” Gu Yue Bo showed his gentle smile again, placing the Jade Skin Gu in Fang Zheng’s hand.


Fang Zheng, I know you feel inferior, but this inferiority complex is too harmful to your growth, he thought. The best way to dispel your inferiority is success. You have A grade talent, so advancing to rank two first is your greatest advantage, and also the easiest success you can achieve. You must succeed, for if you fail even this, I would be too disappointed.


•••


At the same time, Fang Yuan stepped into the secret cave within the rock crack again, walking to the end of the tunnel.


Despite his thoughts from last time, he did not bring any tools. He had been discouraged initially, but on the way back to the village, he felt something amiss.


Only today in his room, as he was using the Spring Autumn Cicada to refine the Little Light Gu, did he suddenly understand what was bothering him.


This massive boulder blocking my path is too round and smooth, it is definitely man-made. That is to say, the Flower Wine Monk purposely set this to block the path. But why did he set this hurdle at such a place? Fang Yuan pondered.


He looked around once again.


The ground of the tunnel was smooth and the roof was curved; it was all formed from that strange, softly-glowing red soil.


“Eh?” When he looked at the ground again, he found a point of suspicion.


The ground near the giant rock was slightly darker. The difference was not very obvious, and not easily noticed in such a dimly lit environment.


Fang Yuan knelt down, touching the ground, and discovered that it was wet. No wonder it was darker.


But this tunnel was dry, so where was the water coming from?


Fang Yuan dug at the ground with his fingers, finding that the wet patch was strange. It was very soft and loose, not lumpy like the rest of the cave.


Fang Yuan’s eyes lit up. Experience and intuition told him that this place held the “key” that the Flower Wine Monk had hidden.


And this “key” was the clue that would allow him to continue moving forward.


Fang Yuan began to dig. The soil was loose, so it was quite easy.


After digging down an inch, a peculiar fragrance filled the air.


This fragrance is thick and luxurious, yet not common; instead it is delicate and elegant. Could it be… Fang Yuan’s heart moved as he thought of a possibility, his hands moving even faster.


Suddenly, a faint golden glow radiated from the earth beneath his hands.


It really is! Fang Yuan’s movements became more delicate as he carefully excavated the surrounding soil.


After a while, a dark golden flower bud, previously buried beneath the ground, stood before him.


It was two inches deep in the ground, around the size of a hand-held millstone. The bud’s surface was delicate, and with its dark golden color, it appeared mysterious and elegant.


It really is an Earth Treasury Flower Gu! Fang Yuan breathed out deeply.


He did not immediately begin opening it, taking a rest on the ground instead as he wiped the soil off his hands. Then, he slowly reached out and began removing the dark golden petals.


The Earth Treasury Flower Gu was like the combination of a lotus and kale flower. Its petals were large and tightly knit, with a slightly slippery, silky texture. He pulled them away one by one, peeling away the layers.


Once removed, the petals dispersed quickly, melting away in the air like snowflakes.


After removing around fifty or sixty petals, the bud had shrunk by half, revealing the flower core.


The core’s petals were smaller and thinner, their texture smooth and fine. They were no longer like silk, but more like thin pieces of paper.


Fang Yuan’s movements became gentler and slower, only peeling away one petal every few breaths.


The petals became increasingly transparent, and after a while, he stopped.


The Earth Treasury Flower Gu only had one layer of petals left.


They overlapped each other, forming a fist-sized ball.


The petals were translucent and thin as paper. Within them was a golden liquid, and in the middle of this liquid, a Gu worm was sleeping.


Fang Yuan looked carefully, but he could only see a blurry shadow. He could not tell what Gu it was.


He had brought his face close to peer at it, and his breath blew on the flower core. It shook slightly, the golden liquid shifting gently inside the petals.


Gu worms would die without food, and only a few could seal themselves. To protect and conserve Gu worms, Gu Masters had thought of many methods.


The Earth Treasury Flower Gu was one of them.


It was a one-time-use Gu, and once planted in the ground, it could not be moved.


Its food was simple: earth qi, the energy of the land. As long as it was planted in the ground and had sufficient earth qi, it would survive.


It only had one use: to contain a Gu within the heart of the flower and immerse it in the golden liquid.


This nectar could, to an extent, imitate a Gu’s natural hibernation state, letting it fall into a deep sleep.


The Flower Wine Monk planted this Earth Treasury Flower Gu, so the Gu within has to be for the inheritor. Fang Yuan stretched out a finger and peeled the remaining petals carefully, revealing an opening.


The golden liquid flowed out along his finger. It felt like soybean oil.


The flower core began to deflate with the loss of the golden liquid. Fang Yuan moved his finger and split the petals, allowing him to retrieve the slumbering Gu worm.


It was a cute ladybug as large as a thumb’s fingernail.


Its body was milky white and circular, and its head was tiny. Most of its profile from above was taken up by its fat belly and shiny exoskeleton.


Its six tiny limbs were also cream-colored, hidden beneath its stomach.


White Boar Gu! Fang Yuan’s face lit up with joy.


