Chapter 64: Easy to Do Secretly, Difficult to Do Openly


The days were getting hotter.


The afternoon sun beat down on everyone’s heads.


The caravan had left and the inn’s business fell again.


Fang Yuan stepped into the dining hall, immediately attracting the attention of the shop assistants.


A familiar face rushed over and gave him a flattering smile. “Oh, Young Master, you’re here! Please take a seat!”


“Get me a jar of wine, a pound of beef, and a few side dishes.” Fang Yuan strode through the hall and approached his usual seat by the window.


The shop assistant showed a difficult expression. “Young Master, my apologies but when the caravan arrived, the innkeeper sold all of our green bamboo wine. We’re completely out of stock.”


Fang Yuan nodded, not feeling surprised. “Then get me a jar of rice wine and tell the innkeeper to brew more green bamboo wine this year, I am pre-ordering a hundred jars. As for how much the advance payment will be, you can tally it first and report to me.”


Now that the Liquor Worm was exposed, Fang Yuan did not have to be restrained when buying wine.


“Alright, I will definitely convey your words! Please be at ease, Young Master.” The shop assistant patted his chest, sounding confident.


Soon, the dishes were served.


Fang Yuan drank and ate while staring out of the window.


In such hot weather, especially during meal times, there were few people on the streets.


The sunlight shone on the ground and the raised bamboo houses.


A few barefooted mortal farmers carrying cement, steel spades, or shoulder poles walked in front. They had just finished their farm work, and were heading home.


Two children were running about, the one in front holding a bamboo windmill toy. The one behind chased him while crying and shouting; it seemed that the boy in front had stolen his toy.


At that moment, two young Gu Masters wearing green belts walked hurriedly down the street.


“Get lost, don’t block the way!” A Gu Master pushed aside the farmer in front of him.


The farmers frantically moved aside.


“Hmph.” The two young Gu Masters walked through arrogantly.


Fang Yuan looked on, but his focus was elsewhere. Part of his mind had descended into his aperture.


Within it, the water walls continued to flow as his green copper primeval sea rose with raging waves.


The Liquor Worm was playing around in his primeval sea, at times comfortably rolling around, and at times curling into a ball.


The Spring Autumn Cicada was in deep slumber, hidden from sight.


The round body of the White Boar Gu spread its wings and flew circles in the sky.


The White and Black Boar Gu were equally well-known, both being precious and rare rank one Gu worms. Their market value was even greater than the Liquor Worm.


Although they had the same effect when used and similar appearances, their future advancement routes differed greatly.


The Black Boar Gu and the Green Silk Gu could be combined into the rank two Black Mane Gu, and then into the rank three Steel Mane Gu.


But the White Boar Gu was most compatible with the Jade Skin Gu: it could become the rank two White Jade Gu, and from there, the rank three Sky Canopy Gu.


The Steel Mane Gu could make the Gu Master’s hair become tough as steel, raising both offense and defense. The Sky Canopy Gu allowed the Gu Master’s body to become tough as white jade, while at the same time reducing the damage from attacks such as the moonblade.


Fang Yuan felt slightly happy.


The White Boar Gu was just one aspect of it, but what made him truly happy was the Flower Wine Monk’s inheritance.


The White Boar Gu can increase strength. The Flower Wine Monk set a giant rock to block the path, so it seems his intention is that I use this Gu to gain enough strength to push it out of the way. This must be the first test.


With the Flower Wine Monk’s meticulous setup, I can infer that there must be future inheritance trials, at least one or two more. Most importantly, I can confirm that he set this inheritance not as a trap, but with true sincerity.


With this inheritance, I can reach rank three faster and leave Qing Mao Mountain sooner, gaining greater opportunities!


What did a Gu Master need most in their cultivation?


The answer was but one word: resources.


Fang Yuan needed to cultivate, so he needed resources. But the clan’s resources were limited, so if he wanted more, he needed to fight for them.


Not only did he need to fight, he needed to be victorious.


The more he fought and the more victories he obtained, the more trump cards he would reveal, making others wary.


Wariness, when sufficiently accumulated, would turn into suppression and roadblocks.


Fang Yuan killed a family servant, but why did the Mo family stay indifferent? He robbed his classmates, but why did their families not pursue it? He resisted the clan and refused to be part of the system, but why did the clan leader choose to be lenient?


It was all because he was weak, because he was C grade.


They felt strong and did not like bullying the weak. Under the clan’s implicit rules, being petty with someone as weak as Fang Yuan would not only cause them to be humiliated, it would also make others think of them as cold and unfeeling, ruining their social relationships.


Weakness was an umbrella of safety that he could use for now.


But with his continued competition for resources, Fang Yuan would appear stronger. Everyone would become wary of him, and try to recruit him. In such circumstances, no matter which side he chose, he would face suppression and trouble from the other factions.


It would drag down his growth.


Fang Yuan was aware of his delicate position. He seemed to have offended everyone, but he had not truly violated any laws.


But in time, his cultivation level would rise, and conflicts would arise and worsen.


Fang Yuan knew that this conflict would eventually escalate, but the later it escalated, the greater his benefits.


Thus, the Flower Wine Monk’s inheritance was perfectly timed!


With this inheritance, he would have hidden resources. By using them, he could be free of the clan’s control and walk his own path, cultivating at his own pace and secretly accumulating strength.


Once he was adopted into the system, he would need to side with a faction. Even if he did not want to compete, he would definitely be dragged into the clan’s political strife.


Inside the system, you were a pawn. You first had to be a proper pawn for others to use you willingly. After they trusted and used you, you had the chance to climb upwards, and even during that process, you had to be careful to not be discarded.


Fang Yuan knew this process too well. Even with his vast knowledge, there was nothing he could do in such a situation. Those were the rules!


The most crucial part was his C grade talent. The clan had no desire to invest in him. In most circumstances, he would be treated as a discarded pawn.


The optimal path was to work alone. That way, he could avoid most competition. The public image he had built would be sustained.


In this world, such matters are easy to do secretly, but difficult to do openly. Using the Flower Wine Monk’s inheritance, I can cultivate and gather strength secretly without gaining attention and suppression. But the extortion has to continue. If it stopped abruptly, it would invite suspicion, and I also still need primeval stones. Fang Yuan considered his future plans.


He really needed primeval stones.


His peers had only started refining and feeding their second Gu worm. He, however, had also refined a Little Light Gu and recently acquired a White Boar Gu, bringing his total to four.


Previously, he needed around one primeval stone a day just to feed the Moonlight Gu and Liquor Worm. Now, after calculating it, he needed more than two stones every day!


If he included his cultivation and living expenses, he would need to use around five primeval stones a day!


Five primeval stones was enough to feed a family of three mortals for five months.


He had several hundred primeval stones on hand, but it was not enough to sustain such expenditure in the long run.


More importantly, the further he progressed, the greater his expenditure would be. Especially after advancing to rank two, every time he tried combining Gu worms, it would cost a huge sum.


Fang Yuan felt troubled.


The matter of primeval stones was a problem, and just by relying on extortion and the resources on hand, he could only delay its eruption.


Moreover, he had another problem: feeding the White Boar Gu.


The White Boar Gu’s food was pork.


The word “boar” obviously referred to pigs. All of the Boar family of Gu ate pork.


The Black and White Boar Gu had huge appetites. Every five days, they would need to eat an entire adult pig’s worth of meat.


Pork in this world was not cheap, and mortals could only afford to slaughter one for the New Year celebration feast. Without the large-scale husbandry techniques of Earth, pork and beef were not something mortals could eat very often. At the same time, the topography of Qing Mao Mountain was precipitous and the living areas were narrow. How much space could be allocated just for rearing livestock?


You ate what you could procure where you lived. The villagers were able to eat pork occasionally because of the hunters who caught wild boars in the mountains.


It seems that I have to go hunting myself from now on for pork. Fang Yuan’s eyes glinted.


He could not rely on the village for pork. It would cost too many primeval stones, and it would also attract attention. Even if someone loved eating pork, how could they eat so much in such a short period?


If he hunted for it himself, it would not only resolve this problem, but also alleviate his current financial stress.


“Shop assistant, my bill!” Fang Yuan hesitated no more, and after footing the bill, he left the inn.


The academy was on break so that the students could refine their second Gu worm. Fang Yuan decided that he could use this time well. He would leave the village and scout the mountains, then kill some wild boars to get himself some pork.


