Chapter 65: Scram


Fang Yuan walked cautiously through the boundless mountain forest.

Sunlight fell through the tall trees, covering everything in mottled shadows.

The ground was blanketed in soft green grasses and wildflowers blooming in all kinds of colors.

His ears picked up the sound of birds chirping and the trickle of flowing water.

The further he roamed from the village, the more risky it became. Thus, he was even more careful.

The true wilderness beyond the village was very dangerous. Gu Masters had to have at least rank three cultivation to venture into the wilds alone. But that did not mean they were safe, as many rank three or sometimes even rank four Gu Masters died in the wild. Wild beasts and Gu, terrible weather, and sometimes other humans, these were all potential causes of death.

However, Fang Yuan wanted to kill wild boars. They were often found around the village’s periphery; otherwise, mortal hunters would not be able to catch them.

Every so often, Gu Masters from the clan are assigned to patrol the outskirts and clear out anything particularly dangerous. This area is safe even for a rank one middle stage Gu Master like me, but I still have to be careful. Wild beasts and Gu worms like to move about.

With his experience from his previous life, Fang Yuan scouted carefully.

Time gradually passed, but Fang Yuan gained nothing.

Damn, Qing Mao Mountain is still too big for me as I am now. I have no Gu for scouting and I am not familiar with this environment. Combined with the clan’s regular cleanup, it is too difficult to find any wild boars. Let’s go to the foot of the mountain!

Fang Yuan’s scouting was not fruitful, so he changed his mind and went to the mountain foot.

Qing Mao Mountain had three mountain villages: Gu Yue Village, Xiong Village, and Bai Village. Xiong Village was at the front of the mountain, Gu Yue Village was at the mountain waist, and Bai Village was by the waterfall at the back of the mountain.

Other than the three villages, there were also dozens of hamlets at the foot of the mountain, all of them inhabited by mortals.

The three mountain villages split these hamlets among themselves, controlling them behind the scenes. If they lacked servants, they would pick mortals from these hamlets.

But they would not choose Gu Masters.

The villages would only choose clansmen to be Gu Masters. Even if they knew that among these mortals were people with talent, however rare, they still would not use them.

This world had a large bias toward blood ties. Keeping power within the family offered stability to the clan.

In order to expand in size, many mountain villages in the past had adopted outsiders into their clans. Eventually, they had internal conflicts as a result, causing the entire clan to weaken or die.

No matter the world, the foundation of political power was military force. This was a fundamental truth.

The military’s role was violence, and thus represented strength. By controlling that strength, one gained status and authority.

Of course, the clan’s rules were not static, they also adopted new blood. Every year, there would be outsiders marrying into the clan, escaping from slavery. The children they bore would have the surname Gu Yue, a new generation of clansmen.

This was like connecting a tiny stream into a spring. This stream could not be underestimated, as without it, the spring would be stagnant water, and rot would set in. With it, there would be life, and the spring would flourish.

Fang Yuan’s previous servant, Shen Cui, was betting on this. She hoped to marry a clansman and escape slavery.

Fang Yuan reached the foot of the mountain, and after thirty minutes, he could see thick smoke rising.

After a while, he spotted a wide hill, with a small river and a hamlet nearby.

The hamlets in this area were under the rule of the Gu Yue Clan. Although they were not as safe as the outskirts of Gu Yue Village, clansmen would regularly come to clean up around the hamlets like they did around the village itself. Mortals could survive in the area, so naturally Fang Yuan could as well.

Oh? On the mountain path nearing the village, Fang Yuan’s keen senses found traces on the ground. His past experience told him that these were a wild boar’s tracks.

Chase! Fang Yuan spirits rose as he followed the trail, moving deeper into the forest.

Green moss covered the stones, and ancient juniper trees and tall pagoda trees stood proudly to form the great forest.

Under the blazing sun, the summer forest was even more profound and serene. The lush underbrush suddenly shifted.

A few deer looked up from their meal of sumptuous grass, vigilantly staring at the bushes, ears twitching.

The bushes, half as tall as a man, split apart, and a young teen crawled out from within. His skin was pale and his black hair was short, and he was wearing simple linen clothes. It was Fang Yuan.

Swoosh.

A few wild deer were frightened, and in a flash, they sprinted away. In moments, they vanished from Fang Yuan’s vision.

These are female deer. Their hides can be made into warm clothing, and deer meat is also the food of some Gu. If they were male, their antlers would be the most precious, and some Gu worms even need them for their advancement.

The wilderness was full of dangers, but at the same time, it had great treasures.

Fang Yuan glanced in the direction they had run, but retracted his gaze. His target was wild boars, not these deer.

He continued moving.

There was the sound of buzzing.

Nearing these noises, Fang Yuan stopped in his tracks.

Beehive. He looked ahead and saw a hive hanging from a tree.

The nest was massive, as large as a wicker basket, and was a grayish, dark yellow color. Outside the hive, a few dozen soldier bees were patrolling, and as he watched, a few worker bees entered and exited.

A beehive has honey, and honey is the Bear Strength Gu’s food. Thus, the Xiong Clan has great demand for honey. This beehive is fairly small, and the chances of it producing a Gu aren’t high. If I had a Bronze Skin Gu, I could risk getting stung and collect the honey. What a pity.

In this world, not all insects were Gu.

Gu were the essence of heaven and earth, bearers of the world’s laws. How could they be so common? Among a swarm of insects, normally only their king was a Gu.

But that depended on their size and development. If the swarm was too small, there would not be a Gu either.

Taking the beehive ahead as an example: because it was too small, there was a low chance of it having a Gu.

Fang Yuan detoured around this beehive and continued forward.

The traces of the wild boar were growing clearer, and Fang Yuan knew he was getting close to it. He became even more careful, as wild boars were very dangerous.

They were nothing like domesticated pigs. When a mature wild boar fought with a tiger, the tiger might not win.

In this mystical world, wild beasts were not simple.

When Fang Yuan finally found the wild boar, he saw that it had fallen into a huge pit. Sharpened green bamboo stakes were placed at the bottom, piercing through the wild boar and causing it to bleed out.

Seeing the accumulated blood in the pit, he could tell that the boar had already been in the trap for at least fifteen minutes.

But it continued to struggle, whimpering and howling, still full of life.

This trap was obviously set by hunters. To think I’m reaping the rewards. Fang Yuan smiled, but his expression was grim.

These traps were a threat to him as well.

If he had fallen into it, he would probably die after half an hour.

Although the village surroundings were cleared regularly, hunters often came to the area and set many traps. Some could be discerned, while others were designed to be hidden, and if Fang Yuan could not discover them, he might fall prey to them.

Hunters could have buried their traps anywhere in the area, but they will usually inform each other of the trap locations. It seems I have to find an old hunter’s residence and find out about the trap locations from them. They should also know about places that wild beasts frequent. With that kind of information, I wouldn’t have to search this mountain like digging for a needle in a haystack.

This was the problem with not having a Gu worm for scouting.

But finding a good recon Gu was not easy.

In the near future, he could barely make do with a hunter’s intel.

Fang Yuan’s wrist flicked and a moonblade flew out, easily hitting the wild boar.

Whoosh!

With a light slicing sound, the moonblade cut through the boar’s neck and left a long, slender wound. With a plop, a fountain of blood spewed out of it.

The cascade of blood caused the wound to become bigger, and even more gushed out.

The boar screeched, thrashing about with the last of its energy, until its movements became smaller and smaller…

Fang Yuan calmly observed.

The wild boar’s life faded, its eyes wide, the muscles on its body twitching. The thick smell of blood permeated the area.

Survival or death, this is the theme of nature. He sighed in his heart.

Suddenly, he heard human voices.

“Second Brother Wang, within our village, no one is better than you at hunting. Especially when it comes to wild boars, your old man is the king of all hunters in the entire region, who would not know of his great name?”

“That’s right, Second Brother Wang inherited the old hunter’s abilities. If he wishes to hunt a boar, it is as good as caught!”

“Second Brother Wang, why didn’t your little sister come with you today?”

After all the bootlicking, a grave and stern voice said, “Hmph! How can hunting a single boar show my true abilities? Today I’ll kill three boars, you’ll see! Er Gou Dan, stop lusting after my sister, or I’ll thrash you!”

Er Gou Dan retorted, “Men and women marry when they’re of age, what’s wrong with liking your little sister? Moreover, I’m not the only one, which man in your village doesn’t also fancy her? Second Brother Wang, you are nineteen, you should also get yourself a wife and have kids already.”

The voice spoke again, “Hmph, I’m a true man, how can I be satisfied with just that? One day, I will leave Qing Mao Mountain, explore the world, and learn about everything under the sky! That will be truly fitting for a man like me!”

As they continued chatting, four young hunters walked out of the forest.

The lead hunter had a tall build and carried a bow and quiver of arrows, his muscles bulging and his eyes full of spirit, giving off an aura of strength.

When he saw Fang Yuan, he frowned and shouted, “Hmm? Which village are you from? Kid, how dare you try to take advantage of me, Wang Er! Scram!”

