Chapter 66: Like Livestock


“Scram?” Hearing Wang Er’s words, Fang Yuan immediately broke into a cold smirk and he brandished his palm in front of him.

Swoosh.

A blue moonblade shot forward.

At the same time, he kicked off the ground, rushing towards the four hunters.

“Gu Master?!” The hunters were stunned and shouted upon seeing the moonblade.

The moonblade was already almost upon them, and they scrambled to evade.

Plonk.

One of them did not dodge fast enough, and the moonblade hit his right arm. It severed flesh and bone, and his entire forearm fell to the ground.

“AHHHH!”

He writhed in the dirt, screaming in fear and pain. His left hand gripped the stump of his right arm like a talon as it spewed bright red blood, dyeing the earth red.

“Spare me!”

“We did not offend you intentionally!”

The other two mortals, on seeing their companion’s state, went pale. They hurriedly got on all fours and kneeled down, pressing their foreheads into the dirt.

“Hmph, what a bunch of pussies, what are you afraid of? He’s just a student!” Only Wang Er was still standing. Fang Yuan had attacked without warning, making him frightened and angry. He reached behind his back and swiftly drew his bow and an arrow.

“Stop, come further and I’ll shoot you!” Wang Er shouted as he retreated and nocked the arrow.

“Oh?” Fang Yuan narrowed his eyes. This Wang Er was rather intractable. Normally when mortals saw Gu Masters, they would cower in fear, but this man was able to remain calm. He must be rather bold.

Pew.

Another moonblade shot out towards Wang Er.

“Unappreciative bastard.” Wang Er snorted and killing intent rose in his heart.

He stepped to the side and evaded the moonblade while shooting his arrow. In the blink of an eye, it had already reached Fang Yuan.

He ducked, evading the arrow by a hair as he continued sprinting forward, quickly reaching Wang Er.

Wang Er bravely threw away the bow in his hand and clenched his bowl-sized fists, rushing to meet him.

He had a large build, his shoulders broad and his waist narrow, and he was at least half a meter taller than Fang Yuan. The sunlight shone from behind him, and as Fang Yuan rushed towards him, his face was cast in shadow, the eyes within gleaming with killing intent!

“No!!”

“Stop!”

The two hunters, seeing that the two were going to collide into each other, shouted in fright.

“Die!” Wang Er’s face twisted, snarling like a bloodthirsty wolf.

Both his fists flew towards Fang Yuan.

Boom.

They were fast and heavy, even cutting the wind!

A fist filled Fang Yuan’s vision, but no emotion crossed his face as he pivoted.

Swoosh.

At the crucial moment, he avoided the fist and twisted his body, moving past Wang Er to his left.

Wang Er laughed grimly as he punched horizontally towards Fang Yuan, striking towards his back.

But at that moment, sunlight filled his vision.

His back was originally facing the sun, and now that he had turned around, the eye-piercing light blinded him.

Fang Yuan smirked as he backflipped, dodging Wang Er’s fist, and waved his right arm while still in the air.

Pew!

The third moonblade flew along the same path as the sunlight.

Wang Er’s hair stood on end as he felt unprecedented danger.

“Be careful, Brother!”

The two kneeling on the ground forgot to beg for forgiveness for a moment, staring wide-eyed.

The piercing sunlight shone on their faces.

Time seemed to slow down for them.

All sound seemed to vanish, and the world cloaked in silence.

The blazing afternoon sun’s light drowned out everything, leaving Wang Er a black shadow in a field of white. His body was flexed like a bow, full of masculine appeal.

His head lowered as he tried to avoid the moonblade.

The glowing crescent inched forward, its eerie blue light almost invisible under the sun’s rays.

The white background, the black shadow, and the blue moonblade — they formed a brilliant stage for a moment full of life and death.

The moonblade passed.

Wang Er moved smoothly, finishing his dodge.

He was safe and sound.

“Phew!” Seeing this, one of the kneeling hunters breathed out a sigh of relief.

“He avoided it!” the other kneeling hunter rejoiced.

But then!

The shadow’s head split apart, red fluid spurting out and spreading everywhere.

The blue moonblade gradually dissipated in the air.

The black shadow was like a broken bow, the energy accumulated within it disappearing all at once. It became a beautiful but sad fallen leaf, silently falling to the ground.

The two hunters’ pupils shrank to the size of pins.

Their mouths were agape.

Splat.

Bright red fluid splashed on their faces.

The two raised their hands to touch it —

Blood!

They jolted awake!

Time seemed to flow once again, and sound returned.

They could hear the birds chirping, water flowing, and their companion screaming while clutching the stump of his severed arm.

“Second Brother Wang…?” a hunter called, his voice full of horror. All this time, Wang Er had been their leader.

“He’s dead!” the other hunter cried out in despair.

“Brother Wang Er was our strongest hunter. He was still talking with us a few minutes ago, but now he’s dead!”

“He should not have angered that Gu Master, we are no match for Gu Masters!”

The two hunters, frightened and shocked, became still as statues as they continued kneeling.

Fang Yuan got up from the ground.

To avoid Wang Er’s fist, he had rotated his body in the air and lost his balance. After shooting the moonblade, he fell to the ground. But this fall was worth it. If Wang Er’s fist had connected, he would have vomited blood. After all, Fang Yuan had no defensive Gu, and his body was that of a fifteen-year-old.

But now, other than his shoulders hurting, he had practically no injuries.

Wang Er was very strong, much stronger than the Mo family’s servant Gao Wan! If any other student encountered him, they would lose without a doubt. Even a rank one upper stage Gu Master would lose to him due to carelessness. Fang Yuan took a long look at Wang Er’s corpse.

Gu Masters could still be threatened by talented mortal martial artists when they were rank one.

This Wang Er was truly skilled.

His bowmanship was swift and accurate, and this alone could match a moonblade. In fact, moonblades might even be inferior, as a bow had a larger range. His skill had reached the peak of mortals, he had a strong body with tough bones, and he was also ruthless. A youth like Fang Yuan was not his match in a straight fight.

Thus, any other student would assuredly lose. Unfortunately for Wang Er, he had met Fang Yuan.

Once he appeared, Fang Yuan noticed his bow and deduced that he could not fight him at range.

The moonblade only had a range of ten meters, far less than a bow.

Thus, Fang Yuan gave up any idea of fighting from a distance. He quickly closed the gap between them, acting as though he would fight hand-to-hand.

Wang Er had no choice but to discard his bow and do the same.

But it was just a feint on Fang Yuan’s part. He used the sun to blind Wang Er before throwing his third moonblade.

With the Liquor Worm’s refinement, his moonblade had the attack power of an upper stage Gu Master. At such a close range, and with Wang Er’s weakened vision, his defeat was guaranteed.

But Wang Er was indeed skilled. I wanted to decapitate him, but at the crucial moment, he relied on his senses and reflexes and almost evaded, causing my moonblade to cut off only half of his head.

Life and death is nature’s law. All living beings are equal, and everyone has the right to survive and the possibility to be killed. In life, there may be the proud and the humble, but in death, a person is no different from slaughtered livestock. What’s the difference? They’re both dead.

Fang Yuan took a final look at Wang Er’s corpse and sighed in his heart.

