Chapter 67: I’ll Spare You


The trees’ roots pierced the mountain soil, while their green hands reached towards the sky. Thick, solid trunks faced each other from afar, while the luxuriant branches and leaves intertwined above.


Surrounded by these trees, there was a wooden house.


It was made entirely from thick tree trunks, giving off a feeling of solidity. It was not newly built, as was evident from the erosion of time, the green moss growing all over, and even a few tender sprouts from some of the tree trunks.


Around the wooden house was a tall fence constructed from green spear bamboo. There were vegetable fields at the front and behind, and in the middle of the fields was a man-made well.


At that moment, a young lady was drawing water from the well.


While her clothes were simple, they could not hide her beauty. She was sixteen years of age, and her black eyes were large, clear, and pure as crystal.


The sunlight penetrated through the leaves, shining on her face. Her skin reflected the light like it was white snow, but it still carried a hint of youthful color.


Her black hair hung down, unruly, as it half-covered her cute ears.


Her pink lips and white teeth were set in an expression of concentration.


She used all her strength to pull the bucket full of water to the rim of the well. With another breath, she moved the bucket to the ground next to it.


“Huff!” The young girl wiped her forehead and breathed out, using her pale hand to fan her own face.


At the sound of the bucket hitting the ground, the wooden house’s door opened, and an old man came out.


His hair was grizzled, and his face was covered in wrinkles. Although his eyes were full of weariness, they showed a hint of brilliance at times, like an elderly tiger: although old, its authority was still evident.


“Lass, that bucket is too heavy. I said to let me carry it. Why are you secretly watering the plants behind my back again?” The old man looked at the young girl with affection.


“Father!” The young girl sweetly called, “You were hunting until late at night yesterday, I wanted you to sleep in. It’s just a water bucket. Look, I can carry it, right?”


“You, always loving to act tough!” The old man’s voice was full of helplessness, but his eyes were full of warmth.


He took a large step and walked to the well, stretching out his hand and easily grabbing the bucket. “Come, lass, let’s water the plants together.”


The air was full of the smell of wild grass and flowers, and the summer wind blew warmly and passed by the trees, turning into a refreshing breeze.


The girl moved through the vegetable field, scooping the water with a ladle and bending over to water the plants. The father was in charge of getting the water, rotating between two water buckets. The atmosphere of a loving family was evident in this tiny space.


“I’m getting too old, just a few buckets and I’m already exhausted.” After a while, the old man stood by the well, wiping the sweat off his forehead and sighing deeply.


The young girl looked back, smiling bright as flowers. “Father, you finally realized it. You’re always trying to act tough, even at your age. How many times have I told you? Let my second brother do the hunting. You should be resting at home enjoying your life.”


“Hehehe,” the old man laughed, nodding. “It’s true, your second brother can easily roam this mountain. His skill with the bow even surpasses me in my youth. But I still cannot feel at ease. His heart is too wild, and with just martial arts skills he wants to soar. Young men love to dream,” he sighed.


“Father…” Her voice trailed off.


The old man laughed even more heartily, his tone carrying a hint of mischief. “Ah yes, and you. You’re not young anymore, it’s about time for you to marry. I’ll find you a good husband. With your good looks, we’ll have no problem finding a good family.”


The girl’s face grew red as a tomato. She was so embarrassed that she was lost for words.


The old man looked at the sky, sighing as he imagined that wonderful future. “Once your second brother suffers some setbacks to temper his nature, I will retire and never go into the mountains again. I will find you a good family and watch you marry and have children, preferably a chubby boy. Heh heh, all I want is to take care of a good grandson. How many hunters can have a good ending? All my partners and comrades are already gone, I am all that’s left.”


“Father, you are wrong,” the young girl consoled. “What do you mean there’s only you left? You still have us.”


“Hehe, hmm?” The old man laughed and was about to reply, but he suddenly heard a sound and turned his head.


Someone had broken the gate of the bamboo fence.


“You are Old Man Wang?” Fang Yuan, eyes cold and eerie black, stepped forward, holding moonlight in the palm of his hand.


The old man was shocked. Seeing the moonlight in Fang Yuan’s hand, he fell to the ground. “I pay my respects to you, Lord Gu Master!”


“Old Man Wang, your son dared to offend me, so I have executed him. Bring his corpse!” Fang Yuan stood proudly, staring at the kneeling old man.


As soon as he finished speaking, the two young hunters carried Wang Er’s body forward.


Seeing this corpse, Old Man Wang trembled!


“Second Brother!” the young girl screamed pitifully, rushing forward and grabbing Wang Er’s body, her face flushed with tears.


“Sister Wang…” The two young hunters, seeing the girl they liked crying in front of them, felt terrible. They wanted to console her, but no words came out.


“Old Man Wang, I heard you’re a hunter, the best among all the nearby hamlets. Even at your age, you can still hunt and bring home prey every time, you should be proud.”


Fang Yuan paused for a moment, and continued expressionlessly. “Draw me a map showing all the traps in this part of the mountain, as well as the territories of wild beasts that you’ve learned from your hunts over the years. Draw it for me and I will forgive your son’s crime, otherwise…hmph.”


These hamlets were under Gu Yue Village’s control. The villagers were all slaves of the Gu Yue Clan.


According to the clan rules, Wang Er’s entire family would be implicated by the crime of offending his masters!


Old Man Wang’s body trembled once again, and he almost collapsed. It was too much for him to take in.


“Murderer, you are the murderer that harmed my brother! You treat humans like livestock, and you dare to confront us? I will avenge him!!” the young girl screamed, her voice full of hatred, and she rushed towards Fang Yuan.


But she was only halfway there before someone stopped her.


It was not the two young hunters, but her father.


“Disgraceful wretch!” Old Man Wang roared as he slapped the girl, knocking her to the ground.


“Your second brother is dead, do you want to die too? Do you want your old father to go to his grave alone?!” Tears streamed down his face as his entire body shook.


“Father!” The young girl came to her senses, and she began sobbing as well. Her voice was full of sorrow, frustration, hatred, and helplessness.


The old man turned, prostrating himself at Fang Yuan’s feet. His voice shook as he said, “Lord Gu Master, my son offended you and deserved to die! I shall draw the map for you now, please spare us in your magnanimity.”


Fang Yuan’s face softened. He looked down at the old man arrogantly, saying, “Be at ease. As long as you draw the map honestly, I’ll spare you. But don’t think of lying to me, for if I find anything suspicious, your lives will be forfeit!”


“I understand, I understand!” Old Man Wang pressed his forehead into the dirt. “Please, Lord Gu Master, allow me to retrieve my brush and paper.”


“No need.” Fang Yuan waved his hand, looking at the two hunters he had forced to come along. “Enter the house, find them, and bring them here.”


“Yes, Lord Gu Master.” The two hunters did not dare to object.


“Lord, the paper and brush are on the square table in the kitchen,” Old Man Wang said.


Light flashed in Fang Yuan’s eyes, but he remained silent.


The two hunters rushed into the house and quickly brought out the paper and brush.


The paper here in the Southern Border was made from bamboo, making it tough and slightly green. Paper like this was suited to the region’s humidity. Rice paper might be ruined after a week due to moisture.


The old man held the brush and spread the paper on the ground, sketching out the map.


He used over ten sheets of paper before he finished, and handed them all to Fang Yuan.


Fang Yuan looked through them and split the papers into two stacks, handing a stack to each of the young hunters. “Take a look and see if there’s anything wrong. For every mistake you find, I’ll give you one primeval stone!”


