Chapter 68: No Innocence


The two hunters took the bamboo papers with trembling hands, their eyes shining.

This is Old Man Wang’s life experience and effort. Although we hunters keep each other informed, we only talk about our trap placement. We never talk about beast territories. This map contains all of the Wang family’s knowledge gathered over generations!

So this valley has a herd of wild deer, haha, after I hunt these wild deer, I won’t have to worry about expenses for the next three months! Ah, this stream has a cave of mountain bears? How close, I almost hunted near there last time. Remember it, I must remember it all!

This information was incredibly precious, it could be called a hunter’s livelihood!

It was the accumulation of generations of hunters, a font of knowledge and experience paid for with their blood and sweat.

And Old Man Wang’s family had always been hunters. He had reached the peak of his family’s trade, and was acclaimed as the number one hunter in the region.

The knowledge of such a person was truly the most useful and accurate.

The two young hunters checked for nearly fifteen minutes, pouring through the map multiple times. Only after Fang Yuan rushed them did they finally hand over the bamboo paper reluctantly.

The entire time they were verifying the map, Old Man Wang was kneeling on the ground, his forehead pressed to the ground as he expressed his respect. His daughter lay on the ground, eyes vacant.

“There is no problem, Lord.”

“The traps on this map are all accurate.”

The two answered.

“Lord Gu Master, this concerns my life as well as my daughter’s, I would never lie to you!” the old man on the ground shouted as he continued to kneel.

“Mmm, not bad.” Fang Yuan waved the stack of bamboo paper. “But, I don’t believe you.”

Old Man Wang jolted, raising his head, but only saw an eerie blue moonblade filling his vision.

Pew.

A head flew into the air, fresh blood splattering everywhere.

“Argh!!!”

“Lord, this—!”

The two young hunters were taken by surprise. Shock and disbelief showed on their faces.

“Father—!” the young girl cried out as she leaped towards Old Man Wang’s headless corpse, but before she could reach him, a moonblade flew towards her face.

Splat.

She fell to the ground, lifeless.

Her beautiful face, from her forehead to her chin, slowly showed a thin red line.

The line became thicker as fresh blood oozed out, flowing down half of her nose and half of her lips. It dyed half of her face bright red.

The other half of her face, however, was still as beautiful as before, the skin fair and rosy. Under the bright blue sky, it seemed even more lustrous, like a work of art.

“At least she looks decent.” Fang Yuan looked at the dead girl, nodding in satisfaction.

Using rank one middle stage primeval essence, the moonblade could cut bone. Now that he was using upper stage primeval essence, it could easily slice straight through bone and even cut steel!

“Sister Wang!” One of the young hunters fell to his knees in despair after witnessing her demise.

“Lord Gu Master, spare us!” The other hunter, feeling Fang Yuan’s gaze, nearly died of shock as he prostrated himself.

“Get up, go inside and search!” Fang Yuan ordered. “I know that a hunter family always keeps a beastskin map. Terrain, traps, and beast territories are recorded on it. Find it for me, and I’ll let you keep your lives.”

“Yes, yes, yes, we will search immediately. Give us some time, Lord Gu Master!” The two frantically got up and ran into the wooden house.

The sounds of furniture shifting and crashing could be heard from the house.

But after a while, even though the hunters tore apart the house, there was no beastskin map to be found.

“Lord, please give me some time, we will find it right now!” The two hunters were terrified. They became more and more desperate, and began smashing furniture in panic.

“Fuck, where is it?”

“Appear, please appear!”

They muttered as their bodies shivered, their eyes growing bloodshot.

“Useless trash.” Fang Yuan slowly walked into the house.

“Lord! Lord! Forgive us, please…ah…” The two young hunters shivered like they were electrocuted and fell to the ground, begging for their lives.

Fang Yuan ignored them and observed the house.

There were four bedrooms in the house, as well as a living room and a kitchen. Everything was a mess after the place had been ransacked.

Fang Yuan slowly walked through the house, his steps echoing.

It has indeed been searched thoroughly. That shouldn’t be right. Almost every hunter has a beastskin map passed down in their family, with every new generation improving it. It’s the livelihood of a hunter, how could they not have one?

Moreover, I tested him earlier by telling the two hunters to search for paper and brush. The old man immediately called out their location, probably worried that they might find the beastskin map. It has to be in this house!

Fang Yuan observed the house again, and suddenly inspiration struck as he looked at the firepit.

This firepit was connected to the chimney, used in winter to warm the house. There was even some residual charcoal within.

Fang Yuan walked to the firepit, slowly squatting down and taking some iron tongs sitting to the side. He began turning the charcoal bricks over one at a time.

Most of them were still shaped like small wooden logs. They were brittle and easily broken.

“Oh?” Fang Yuan suddenly found a charcoal block that was much tougher and heavier than the rest.

He pulled it out using the tongs, smashing it on the ground. It shattered, revealing a bamboo tube.

The two hunters gasped.

Fang Yuan took the bamboo tube and opened it on one side, shaking it, causing a map to fall out.

The map was heavier than the stack of bamboo paper, made with a piece of white beastskin. The skin was huge, over a meter long and half a meter wide. There were black, green, red, yellow, and blue lines on it, forming a complicated map.

Looking at it, Fang Yuan was slightly taken aback.

The map’s range was very large, extending far beyond the village’s vicinity. It was not easy for a mortal to map out areas so far away.

His gaze focused on five spots, those with wild boar herds.

Two were small, two were medium, and the last indicated a large herd of boar. In the middle of the large herd, there was a giant red cross.

Seeing this, Fang Yuan snickered. On his bamboo paper map, there was no such marking!

The two young hunters had also seen the bamboo map and found no problems. This was due to their inexperience; they could only confirm what they knew. This red cross was far beyond the village, and from this, Old Man Wang’s cunning could be seen.

This was why Fang Yuan killed them.

To hunt for wild boars, he needed such a beastskin map. But he was not convinced by a map drawn by others. Only a “real” map like this one would be dependable.

Fang Yuan had heard of all sorts of insults in his past life. Just the word “scram”, was not enough reason for him to kill Wang Er.

After hearing the four hunters’ conversation as they approached the boar trap, Fang Yuan had already planned this murder.

Killing Wang Er reduced opposition from the other mortals and gave him reason to obtain the map. Why wouldn’t he kill him?

Fang Yuan would not kill just for the sake of killing. Killing was only a method. If killing solved the problem, then why not kill?

The old man definitely had to die. Even if he could endure the murder of his son, Fang Yuan would not be at ease. Weeds would return in spring if you did not cut them out root and stem.

But what about killing the innocent, you say?

Hehe, no matter which world, as long as someone lives, they are bound by karma. How can anyone be innocent? Humans slaughter pigs, aren’t the pigs innocent?

The strong devour the weak, there is only the law of the jungle. There is no innocence.

In this world, anybody can live, anybody can die, but nobody is innocent!

