Chapter 69: Cheap as Grass


The beastskin map was very thick, and unlike paper, it could not be folded or carried easily. Fang Yuan could only roll it back up and put it into the bamboo tube. He then sealed the tube and tied a hemp rope to both ends so it could be carried slung on his back.

The two hunters stared at the bamboo case, unable to conceal their greed. They were not idiots, after all — they knew the value of the map.

Gu Masters usually would not even bother looking at it, but to mortals, especially hunters like them, it was the most valuable treasure.

The Wang family had passed down the map for generations. Old Man Wang had become a famous hunter, his name known throughout the mortal hamlets, and not a small part of that was due to this map. It was truly an authentic family heirloom.

“I’m going to ask you — in Old Man Wang’s household, is there anyone else?” Fang Yuan’s gaze was dark and his tone cold as he spoke.

The two young men kneeling on the ground shuddered when they heard this question. They remembered the fate of the old man and his daughter, and their greed evaporated in an instant, replaced with fear and terror.

“There is no one else, the entire family is dead, Lord Gu Master!”

“Hunter Wang had a wife, but that was decades ago, and she was killed by wild wolves that broke into the village. Before his wife died, she gave birth to two sons and a daughter. But the oldest son, Wang Da, died on the mountain while hunting three years ago. There is no one else in the Wang family.”

“Is that so…” Fang Yuan’ eyes narrowed as he looked at the two men kneeling before him, knowing that they were telling the truth. When one’s life and death was in the hands of others, the probability of lying was very small.

But he asked anyway. “Did you lie to me?”

“We would not dare to lie even the slightest, my lord!”

“I-I thought of something! Old Man Wang actually also had a daughter-in-law, Wang Da’s wife. But after Wang Da disappeared, his wife died of a broken heart. That year, the village even sent down a chastity memorial arch[1]! But rumor has it that she wanted to remarry, and Old Man Wang drove her to suicide. When you killed Old Man Wang, my lord, you helped us villagers by rooting out evil and bringing peace!”

The other hunter quickly added, “That’s right, that’s right. Actually, my lord, we’ve disliked him for a long time. Hmph, he’s nothing special, he can just hunt better than us. We’re all just mortals, yet he thought so highly of himself that he chose to move out of the village and live here. And when we’d come to him to ask him to teach us and give us advice, he would chase us away and tell us never to return!”

Fang Yuan listened quietly while nodding. Although these two started belittling Old Man Wang in an attempt to keep their lives, it was not difficult to sense the truth of their resentment.

Fang Yuan guessed that they hadn’t actually come to him for advice, but rather to woo his beautiful daughter. The old man then found out and disciplined them harshly.

“Of course, I wished to root out evil and bring peace to the villagers. Enough bootlicking, I killed them to get this map. Well, both of you have put on a fine show, so you can go now.” Fang Yuan’s tone softened, but at the same time his right hand behind his back flared up with moonlight.

The two young men kneeling on the ground felt surprise and joy at his words.

“Thank you so much for your mercy, my lord!”

“Lord, we shall remember your generosity in our hearts forever!”

They prostrated themselves on the ground, sobbing in relief as they pressed their foreheads into the dirt. After a few moments, they immediately got up and turned to leave.

Although Fang Yuan was younger than them, they had seen what he was like. He had instilled in them true terror, and they wished to never see him again.

“Hold it.” At that moment, a voice called out.

There was a swoosh as a Gu Master jumped down from a tree.

“You both cannot leave, tell me what happened here. All of it.” This Gu Master was wearing a deep blue uniform, and on his waist was a scarlet belt with a steel plate in the middle. The number “2” was carved on it.

He had a slim build and narrow eyes. He wore armguards, and his calves were bound in traditional martial style. He radiated strength and competence.

“We greet Lord Jiang He!” The two young men had just gotten up with the intention to leave, but once they saw this Gu Master, they instantly fell to the ground again, prostrating themselves in admiration.

They knew this man — he was the Gu Master stationed at the village.

Every year, to reinforce their control, Gu Yue Village would dispatch Gu Masters down into the hamlets. This would prevent the other villages from infiltrating them, and also strengthen the defenses on their borders.

Jiang He did not bother with the two hunters kneeling on the ground, instead looking straight at Fang Yuan. He asked coldly, “I am the Gu Master Jiang He of the Gu Yue Clan who has been stationed here. And you are?”

Fang Yuan laughed lightly and showed his right hand, where the Moonlight Gu was glowing.

When Jiang He saw it, his gaze softened considerably — the Moonlight Gu was the symbol of the Gu Yue Clan, it was not something that could be forged.

“This matter is quite simple, actually. Old Man Wang’s second son offended me, so I killed the entire family off in anger. Those two can be my witness,” Fang Yuan boldly and confidently admitted, pointing to the two hunters.

Fang Yuan was not lying, and the hunters nodded in haste; there was no hesitation.

Jiang He stared blankly for a moment before he burst out laughing. “You killed well! To think a bunch of slaves dared to offend their masters, they deserved to be killed!!”

But then his tone changed. “However, young junior, what you’ve done has also brought problems to me. Although Old Man Wang lived far from the rest of the village with his family, they were still villagers that I am responsible for. I was sent out from the clan and stationed here in this village, that means I’m supposed to protect them. Now that you’ve killed a few, the number of villagers has dropped. That will reflect poorly on me when the clan assesses me at the end of the year.”

Fang Yuan’s eyes flashed. He instantly understood that Jiang He was using this as a pretext to extort money from him.

He laughed. “There’s no problem there. Senior, you just have to report the truth. Just say that I was the one who did it, and it has nothing to do with you whatsoever.”

Jiang He’s eyes twitched, anger rising in his heart. Did this kid not know how to appreciate a favor? His tone grew serious. “Then I will have to conduct business impartially here. Junior, if you are not afraid of the clan’s investigation, then give me your name. I will file a detailed report.”

His words strongly implied a threat; if it were any other youngster, they would have been frightened.

But Fang Yuan could see Jiang He’s weakness. “Please do. My name is Gu Yue Fang Yuan.”

“So you’re actually Fang Yuan!” Jiang He’s face showed his astonishment. “My little brother talks about you all the time. You beat up all your classmates and extort them for primeval stones every week. He’s quite jealous of your income, not to mention that time when you got a Mudskin Toad and a Liquor Worm consecutively from rock gambling. Oh right, my little brother is Jiang Ya, you should have met him at the start of the school year.”

“So it’s him.” Fang Yuan nodded. “Yes, every time I buy moon orchid petals, I get them from Jiang Ya’s shop.”

“Hahaha, if that’s the case then we both are acquaintances. Oh well, let’s forget about it, I’ll handle this matter!” Jiang He clapped his chest with his hands, putting on the appearance of one with a spirit of loyalty and self-sacrifice.

He was merely using this favorable coincidence; there was no way he could have really reported the matter.

Even if he blamed Fang Yuan, the clan’s assessment of his performance would still drop. He might as well just do a favor for Fang Yuan. As for the Wang family, he could just report that they were attacked by wild beasts.

It was Old Man Wang’s fault for his unconventional living situation. He chose to live all the way out here away from everyone else!

Jiang He was not afraid of the matter being exposed. They were just a few mortals, their lives cheap as grass, who cared if they died? Even if the clan found out about the cover-up, they would hardly care about such a small matter.

“But Junior, you have yet to graduate from the academy and do not have a Gu Master uniform like mine. If Wang Er saw such a uniform, he’d know that you were a Gu Master and wouldn’t have offended you. You’re a smart person, right?” Jiang He said.

Fang Yuan’s eyes flashed. He grasped Jiang He’s implicit warning: don’t wander around for no reason, and don’t kill people or make trouble in areas under my jurisdiction again.

“In that case, thank you very much for your advice, Senior.” Fang Yuan cupped his fist in farewell as he took his leave.

* * *

[1]. Memorial arch (牌坊 – Paifang) – an arch used to commemorate, honor, or remember something or someone. A chastity arch was traditionally given to widows who remained unmarried.

