Chapter 7: The Nine Ranks of Gu Masters / The Flower Wine Monk’s Treasure


Soon, a week had passed.

“Man is the spirit of all living beings, Gu are the essence of heaven and earth. In this world there are thousands of species, countless types of Gu. They live everywhere around us — in the soil, among plants, even on the bodies of wild beasts.

“As humans have continued to propagate and grow, scholars have gradually uncovered the mysteries of Gu. Those who have opened their apertures, using their primeval essence to feed, refine, and manipulate these Gu — people who have achieved these things are what we call Gu Masters.

“And all of you have successfully opened your apertures in the Awakening Ceremony seven days ago. With the coagulation of the primeval sea, you are all rank one Gu Masters.”

In the village academy, the academy elder spoke with confidence and composure. In front of him were fifty-seven students, seated and listening attentively.

The mystery and strength of a Gu Master had been deeply rooted in their hearts a long time ago. Thus, the students were interested in everything the elder taught and said.

At that moment, a young teen raised his hand. With the elder’s permission, he stood up and asked, “Sir, I’ve known this since I was small: there are rank one Gu Masters, rank two, and so on. Can you explain that in more detail?”

The teacher nodded and waved his hand to ask the young man to sit down. “Gu Masters have nine ranks, from bottom to the top: rank one, rank two, rank three, all the way up to rank nine. Every rank is considered a large realm, and it is divided into four small realms: initial stage, middle stage, upper stage, and peak stage. You have all just become Gu Masters, so all of you are rank one initial stage.

“If you all work hard in your cultivation, you will naturally advance to rank two, and even rank three. Of course, the better your talent, the greater your chances of advancing.

“For D grade talent, the primeval sea takes up 20-39% of the aperture, and the highest level one can reach is rank two. For C grade talent, the primeval sea fills 40-59% of the aperture. Usually their progress stops at rank two, but with luck, a small percentage of them can advance to rank three. B grade talents have a primeval sea that takes up 60-79% of the aperture, and they are able to cultivate to rank three, sometimes even as far as rank four. As for A grade talent, the primeval sea is plentiful; it takes up 80% or more of the aperture. This kind of person is naturally the most gifted and the most suitable for a Gu Master’s cultivation, capable of reaching rank five.

“As for Gu Masters who are rank six and above, they are all legends. I am not clear about the specifics either. In the Gu Yue Clan, there has never been a rank six Gu Master, but we have had rank four and rank five Gu Masters before.”

The teenagers’ ears all pricked up, their eyes shining brightly as they listened.

Many of them couldn’t help but look at Fang Zheng, who was sitting rigidly in the first row. He was an A grade talent, after all. Their eyes were filled with jealousy. At the same time, there were some who stared at the corner at the last row of the classroom.

Leaning against the window at the corner was Fang Yuan, bent over his desk and sleeping soundly.

“Look, he’s still sleeping,” someone whispered.

“He’s been sleeping continuously for a week, yet he’s still not awake?” another cut in.

“There’s more. I heard that he was up all night, wandering about at the edge of the village.”

“There’ve been people who’ve seen it more than once. Apparently he wanders outside at night with a wine jar, dead drunk. Luckily, in recent years the area around the village has been cleared of beasts and other dangers, so it’s safer,” his fellow schoolmates whispered and gossiped all around.

“Ah well, the blow was just too big. Someone hailed as a genius for so many years unexpectedly ending up to be a C grade talent in the end, hehe.”

“If only it was just that. Of all people, his own little brother was pronounced an A grade, became the center of attention, and is enjoying the best treatment. The younger brother soars up to the sky, while the older brother falls to the ground…”

As the discussion amongst the students got louder and louder, the academy elder’s brow deepened into a frown. Across the whole classroom, everyone was sitting respectfully and attentively. This made Fang Yuan, who was sleeping on his desk, stand out so much that it hurt his eyes.

It’s already been a week, yet he’s still so dispirited. Hmph, I must have mistaken him from the start. How could someone like this be a genius! the elder thought, disgruntled. He had spoken many times to Fang Yuan regarding this matter, but to no effect — Fang Yuan still did whatever he liked. He would sleep through every class, giving the elder in charge of teaching much frustration and headaches.

Forget it, he’s just a C grade. If he can’t even withstand this sort of blow, fostering him with that kind of temperament will just end up wasting the clan’s resources. Nothing good will come out of it. The elder’s heart was filled with disappointment towards Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan was just a C grade, compared to his younger brother Fang Zheng who was an A grade talent. Now that was someone worth the clan’s effort!

While the academy elder thought about all this, he was also replying to the latest question. “In the clan’s history, there have been many strong masters. For rank five, there were two. One of them was the founder of the clan, our ancestor who established Gu Yue Village. Another one was the fourth clan head. He had remarkable talent, and managed to cultivate all the way to rank five. If it weren’t for that despicable, shameless demon, the Flower Wine Monk, and his sneak attack, he might have been able to achieve rank six, but who knows…”

As he said this, he heaved a deep sigh. Below the platform, the youths started shouting in outrage.

“It’s all because of that Flower Wine Monk, he was too sinister and cunning!”

“What a pity that our fourth clan leader was softhearted and benevolent, and died at a young age.”

“If only I was born a few hundred years earlier! If I saw that demon I would have torn off his ugly face.”

The tale of the fourth clan head and the Flower Wine Monk was known to the entire Gu Yue Clan.

The Flower Wine Monk was also a rank five Gu Master, famous among the demonic path in his time for his many years as a thief of women’s “flowers”. A few hundred years ago, he traveled to Qing Mao Mountain and attempted to commit crimes in Gu Yue Village, but was found out by the fourth generation clan leader in the end. After an earthshaking battle, the Flower Wine Monk was beaten to the point he had to beg for mercy on his knees. The fourth clan head was merciful and kind, intending to spare his life, but the Flower Wink Monk suddenly launched a sneak attack, inflicting heavy wounds on the fourth clan head. The clan head flew into a rage, killing the Flower Wine Monk on the spot, but his heavy injuries could not be healed, and thus he died.

Therefore, in the hearts of the Gu Yue clansmen, the fourth generation clan head was a great hero who sacrificed his life for the village.

The Flower Wine Monk, huh… Awoken by the classroom’s noisy chatter, Fang Yuan opened his sleepy eyes.

He stretched his body and thought with resentment in his heart, This Flower Wine Monk, where did he die? Why is it that I still can’t find his inheritance after searching around the entire village?

In his memories, there was a Gu Master from the clan who was brokenhearted and started drinking a lot. About two months from now, the man was heavily drunk as he lay down outside the village. The heady aroma of his wine happened to attract a Liquor Worm.

The Gu Master was ecstatic, fully intent on catching it. The Liquor Worm hurriedly fled, and as the Gu Master pursued it, the Liquor Worm’s trail led to a hole that went underground.

The Liquor Worm was a very precious and expensive type of Gu. The half-drunk Gu Master decided to risk it and entered the hole, finding himself in a secret underground cave. After that, he discovered the bones of the Flower Wine Monk and the inheritance he left behind.

When the Gu Master returned to the village, he reported his discoveries and immediately caused a big stir among the entire clan. Later on, that Gu Master benefitted much from it. He found himself no longer lacking in resources, he got together again with his ex-lover, and he became the talk of the clan for a while.

Sadly, I only heard bits and pieces about it, so I don’t know where exactly it was. It wasn’t like I knew I would be reborn again to this day. Flower Wine Monk, where in the world did you die?

In the last few days he had been buying a lot of wine, wandering around the village as soon as night fell. He wanted to use the aroma of alcohol to attract the Liquor Worm. To his disappointment, so far it had not appeared.

If I could find that Liquor Worm and refine it into my vital Gu, it would be so much better than the clan’s Moonlight Gu. In the blink of an eye, it’s already April, there’s not much time left. Fang Yuan heaved a sigh and gazed out of the window.

Under the blue sky and white clouds, verdant mountains stretched into the distance. In the vicinity was a bamboo grove. This was Qing Mao Mountain’s unique spear bamboo, each stem ramrod straight and its tip exceptionally sharp.

Not too far away, the woods were already turning verdant, the tender shoots sprouting in a sea of yellow green. Every now and then, beautiful and colorful sparrows would perch on the branches. The wind of spring blew, wrapping up the freshness of the mountains and rivers and dispersing it into the world.

Before they knew it, the class was almost over. The academy elder finally informed them, “This week I have taught you all how to contemplate and check your own aperture’s primeval sea, and how to meditate and shift around the primeval essence inside your body. Now is the time for you all to refine your vital Gu. After this class ends, you will all go to the academy’s Gu storage and pick a Gu. After choosing your Gu, please go home and focus on refining it. When you have finally refined your Gu, then you can come back to the academy and continue attending class. At the same time, this is your first assessment. Whoever can finish this task first will be rewarded a generous sum of twenty primeval stones.”

