Chapter 70: Using the White Boar Gu


In the blackness of night, the moon was a silver plate, high in the sky as it cast down its light.

The summer breeze gently unfolded the tangled branches and leaves of the forest. A waterfall crashed down, but it could not hide the chirping of the sandalwood crickets.

Fang Yuan stepped softly on the green grass, quietly approaching a mountain boar.

The boar buried its head in the dirt, puffing and snorting as it dug through the emerald earth with its snout, foraging for food.

The wild boar was an omnivorous animal. It not only ate worms, it also stole bird eggs and was adept at hunting wild rabbits, mice, and even venomous creatures such as snakes and scorpions.

Fang Yuan crept up slowly from behind it.

Under the bright moonlight, its gray-black coat could be seen clearly. Its body was strong and firm, its limbs short and rough. On its back was a long and stiff mane, while its ears were sparsely adorned with bristles. Each foot had four toes, but only the two middle ones touched the ground. Its tail was thin and short, and would occasionally flick about to chase away mosquitoes.

Suddenly it stopped digging for its meal and raised its head. The boar’s sharp little ears twitched. Although Fang Yuan had managed to stop moving in time, it still sensed him. It immediately turned around and gave a cry of warning.

Fang Yuan was not surprised. Wild animals were not like domestic ones, they were all very alert. Especially wild boars, they had an excellent sense of smell and could even find cleverly hidden bird nests.

Even if this mountain boar did not hear anything, when Fang Yuan got within a hundred meters, it would be able to smell his body odor and sense his presence.

Although Fang Yuan had five Gu worms on him at the moment — the Spring Autumn Cicada, Liquor Worm, Moonlight Gu, Little Light Gu, and White Boar Gu — they did not complement each other well.

If Fang Yuan had a Smell Lock Gu, which could hide his body odor, and a Quiet Steps Gu, which concealed the noise of one’s footsteps, he could get as close as ten paces from it undetected.

However, if he had these two Gu, then Fang Yuan would have seven Gu worms. His primeval essence usage would be too great and he would have difficulty supporting them.

Gu Masters in general could only feed four to five Gu worms of the same rank. As a result, Gu Masters usually did not move alone, but instead form small groups of three to five.

The members of the group would split their responsibilities: one would be in charge of scouting, another would handle movement, one would focus on offense, another on healing, and lastly one for holding back enemies.

Fang Yuan resumed moving now that it had detected him, getting closer to the wild boar.

It growled, the white bristles on its neck standing up in agitation.

Finally, when it decided Fang Yuan had gotten too close, the wild boar dug its hooves into the ground thrice. Then it braced itself, lowered its head, and charged towards him.

Its mouth was open, showing two white tusks. Under the moonlight, they gleamed as they stabbed towards Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan had no defensive Gu worm. If he was pierced by these tusks, they would puncture his vital organs, and he would be heavily injured, if not dead.

Moonlight Gu. Fang Yuan’s face was calm, and with a thought, he activated the Gu in his palm. The eerie light blended with the moonlight from above.

The wild boar charged towards Fang Yuan as his right palm drew an arc in the air.

With a swoosh, the moonblade flew out and hit the wild boar in the face, blood spurting out of the wound.

The wild boar cried out in pain, turning its anger into fuel as its charge became even faster, and in the blink of an eye, it was almost upon him.

Fang Yuan nimbly jumped to the side, breaking his fall with a roll.

The wild boar charged right past Fang Yuan, and with a boom, crashed into a tree behind him.

The tiny tree was only as thick as a human arm, and after being struck by the wild boar, the trunk tore open as it split in two.

Fang Yuan stood up, quickly approaching the wild boar and firing a moonblade at the same time.

The blue moonblade flew straight and true, landing on the boar’s body.

Its black fur had several thin cuts on it. The wounds were very deep and oozed bright red blood.

Fang Yuan’s moonblades were using upper stage primeval essence, and were able to slice through even the toughest of human bones in one shot. But for the boar, it could not even damage its bones.

That a small wild boar like this was so strong, it showed how cruel the environment was in this world!

The wild boar growled and charged towards Fang Yuan again.

In the process of sprinting, its wounds were tearing open, and its warm blood flowed out like water.

Fang Yuan used the same trick, tumbling sideways and dodging its charge.

The wild boar, although strong and swift and very ferocious, had one weakness — it could not change directions easily. Every one of its charges was in a straight line. As long as one was careful, it was not hard to dodge.

Boom, boom, boom.

Every time the wild boar charged, Fang Yuan would shoot a few moonblades, causing new wounds on top of the old. The angrier it got, the more blood flowed.

After a few times, its movements slowed and its growling revealed a hint of weakness.

Little Light Gu.

This time, Fang Yuan also poured his primeval essence into the Little Light Gu.

After he had refined the Moonlight Gu, he kept it in his right palm as a blue crescent moon tattoo. After the Little Light Gu was refined, it also resided in his right palm, forming a white five-sided star tattoo.

His dark green primeval essence entered the two Gu, the Moonlight Gu glowing an eerie blue while the Little Light Gu shone milky white.

The milky white light fused into the moonlight, and the palm-sized lump of moonlight instantly became twice as big.

Go.

Fang Yuan’s right hand chopped, and a giant moonblade flew out.

With the addition of the Little Light Gu, the moonblade’s size doubled, and its attack range also doubled as well.

Swoosh!

The moonblade hit the wild boar on the neck, slicing into its gray-black fur. It emerged from the other side and flew for several more meters before dissipating in the air.

Glup glup…

The wild boar stood frozen for a moment, then blood spurted out from its neck like a fountain.

It abruptly collapsed. Its head was almost completely severed, with only a small bit of flesh keeping it attached.

The thick smell of blood filled Fang Yuan’s nose.

He did not dare to hesitate. He pointed at the wild boar. The White Boar Gu, which was residing in his aperture, instantly turned into a milky white light and flew out of him, entering the wild boar’s body.

Fang Yuan stood on the spot, nervous and alert. Although the beastskin map said that the area was relatively safe, there were always accidents in nature. What if other beasts were attracted by the smell of the blood?

After a while, the White Boar Gu flew back safe and sound.

The boar had shrunk in half, leaving behind only its fur and internal organs. The meat had all been consumed by the White Boar Gu.

But the strange thing was, although the White Boar Gu ate pork nearly a thousand times its size, it did not change at all.

There was not even a drop of blood on it, and it remained milky white as ever.

After this meal, it should be good for five days. Fang Yuan did not leave immediately. Instead, he took out his knife and extracted the boar’s two tusks.

The wild boar’s body had a few things of value.

The first was pork, the second was fur, and the third was its tusks.

Its meat had been devoured by the White Boar Gu, and its skin was full of holes due to the moonblades and had lost its value.

Only the tusks were still worth anything. They could be used as food for certain Gu worms that ate teeth, or as a catalyst for the advancement of certain Gu worms.

Fang Yuan hid the tusks in the rock crack secret cave before returning to the dormitories.

He did not sleep immediately, but sat on his bed and started to cultivate.

Within his aperture, the primeval sea rose and fell in waves.

Fang Yuan was now a middle stage Gu Master, so after using the Liquor Worm refinement, he had upper stage primeval essence.

Thus, while his peers had middle stage pale green primeval essence, Fang Yuan’s primeval essence was dark green.

Now that he had killed a boar, he only had 23% left in his aperture.

A rank one Gu Master was not that strong in battle. Or rather, nature was too harsh. Even if a moonblade could cut through a human’s bones, Fang Yuan still had to use 20% of his upper stage primeval essence to kill a normal wild boar.

White Boar Gu.

His eyes were shut tight, his mind immersed in his aperture.

Within it, a gush of dark green primeval essence rushed up against the flow, injecting into the White Boar Gu.

The White Boar Gu immediately emitted a bright white light, and the light enveloped Fang Yuan’s body. If one looked from the outside, they would see that Fang Yuan’s body was glowing with a white light from within.

Every one of his muscles and every inch of skin was bathed in this white light.

Numbness and itchiness assaulted him. As the white light modified his muscles, it allowed strength to be slowly infused into his body, never to fade.

However, after a while, the numbness became pain. It was like getting electrocuted, then getting cut all over by razor blades.

Fang Yuan hurriedly stopped using the White Boar Gu.

There was a saying: too much of a good thing.

The White Boar Gu could not be overused. It could only be activated for about fifteen minutes a day. Any more, and it would become extremely painful, growing worse the more it was overused.

If someone continued to use it despite that, they might even die from the pain!

