Chapter 71: Keeping a Low Profile


Time flew, and in the blink of an eye, it was already the middle of June.

On a certain summer night, the golden crescent moon hung high in the sky, casting its radiance down on the green mountains.

The wind blew and the leaves danced in the moonlight. The cicadas and bullfrogs sang in chorus, and at times wolf howls echoed from afar.

Beside a certain riverbank, where the flowing water was scrubbing at the smooth cliff rock, there was a battle.

A mountain boar covered in fine, deep wounds rushed forward once more towards Fang Yuan. Its overflowing blood left a wet red trail behind it.

Fang Yuan fought with it, showing no signs of panic.

The wild boar was on the verge of death, but it was in precisely these moments that wild beasts were the most dangerous. Using the last remnants of their strength, their insanity, their tenacity, they could bring great harm to the careless.

Fang Yuan was peaceful, his black eyes glowing eerily under the moonlight.

He had the benefit of long experience. A part of him was engrossed in combat, while another disengaged from the battle, and remained alert towards his surroundings.

Many times when he was hunting wild boars, other animals came to wreak havoc. At times, it was another wild boar, sometimes wild wolves, and once even a wandering tiger.

As time passed, the wild boar’s attacks gradually slowed.

Fang Yuan’s eyes shone brightly as he took a few strides forward, getting close to the wild boar. Gathering strength in his shoulders and arms, he grabbed and lifted the wild boar in one breath.

Huff!

Fang Yuan growled as his face flushed, his arms straining as he raised the wild boar high above his head.

It struggled feebly.

Fang Yuan’s body was shaking with effort as he used all his strength to throw the wild boar.

With a boom, it crashed onto a large rock by the riverbank. It cried pitifully as its bones audibly snapped.

It fell down from the rock, blood oozing from its ears, nose, and mouth.

It struggled a few times before drawing its final breath.

The river regained its peace.

The water flowed endlessly, carrying the boar’s blood to some faraway place.

My strength right now can compete with a boar! Tonight I’ll go try that giant rock in the hidden passage. Fang Yuan remained there for a moment, breathing heavily as a hint of excitement flashed in his eyes.

For the past few weeks, he had used the White Boar Gu every day to increase his strength. Now, he could easily feel the vast difference in his body.

When he first started fighting wild boars, he could only evade and fight from range with moonblades, but now he could even lift a wild boar.

Of course, the White Boar Gu would not endlessly give him strength. The limit was a boar’s strength, and once he reached that limit, it would no longer grant him any more.

I can carry a wild boar now, but that does not mean I match its strength, like how a strong man can carry another strong man, but it does not mean they have equal strength. I can still gain more.

After feeding the boar’s meat to the White Boar Gu, Fang Yuan used his hunting knife to retrieve the boar’s tusks, and finally cut up the already heavily torn boar skin. Then he set out for the secret cave in the rock crack.

As for the boar’s corpse, he didn’t need to do anything more. During the summer night, wild beasts roamed freely, and not long after, some of them would pick up the scent of blood and rush there to clean the scene for him.

Or rather, even if someone found out, it was inconsequential. The wild boar’s injuries had been “edited” to look nothing like moonblade cuts.

Back at the secret cave enveloped in red light, Fang Yuan threw the two wild boar tusks into a corner, where they clacked together.

In this corner, there was already a pile of wild boar tusks, the results of Fang Yuan’s hunts.

Fang Yuan squirmed into the passageway, once again arriving at the end of the tunnel.

His footsteps echoed in the cave, and his vision was dyed red from the faintly glowing earth.

Everything was unchanged; the boulder was still there, quietly blocking his path. As for the hole created after digging out the Earth Treasury Flower, he had already filled it in.

Haa!

Fang Yuan walked in front of the giant rock, raised both hands, and pushed.

Although his face grew red with exertion, and he used all his strength, the boulder did not move an inch.

With my current strength, I can only carry a wild boar. But this rock weighs about as much as five or six boars. No wonder I cannot move it. The Flower Wine Monk’s inheritance is not that easily obtained!

He was not discouraged. He returned back up the passage to the room where the video had once played.

Taking a bamboo tube from another corner, Fang Yuan sat on the ground and opened the lid, pulling out the beastskin map and sheets of bamboo paper.

He unrolled the map and started to commit it to memory, tracing the lines etched on it with his finger to aid his memorization.

Ever since he had obtained the map, he had been doing this every day.

Fang Yuan did not have a storage Gu, so he could not bring the beastskin map with him everywhere. Carrying a bamboo tube on him in battle would be inconvenient as well. Thus, Fang Yuan put in some effort, and was prepared to stuff the entire map’s contents into his head.

Some things, even if troublesome, had to be done. In a person’s life, those who did not actively resolve problems due to fearing trouble would always face more trouble in the end. Fang Yuan understood this logic from his previous life.

When one is young, their memory sure is good. I have already memorized more than half of this map. If I grew old, I would probably forget parts of it. Hehehe…of course if I had a Bookworm, I would feed this map to it, and from then on, as long as I did not lose the Bookworm, I would be able to recall this map clearly forever.

Fang Yuan’s greed was insatiable; he had already begun to crave a Bookworm.

The value of a Bookworm was quite close to the Liquor Worm and White Boar Gu, all of them being rare rank one Gu. They were expensive and tended to sell out in mere moments.

In his previous life, Fang Yuan did not obtain a Liquor Worm or White Boar Gu, but he had accidentally obtained a Bookworm. This Bookworm eventually advanced ranks alongside him, and accompanied him for a whole sixty years.

Forget it, Bookworms are rare, I won’t be able to get one any time soon. To speak the truth, my current progress is far better than my previous life at this point. I was still rank one initial stage, while the others like Fang Zheng, Chi Cheng, and Mo Bei were already upper stage, far beyond me. Fang Yuan was not someone who fretted over nothing.

He was rather satisfied with his current progress.

He was middle stage, and the others were also middle stage. With his C grade talent, he could maintain the same speed as A and B grades, it was not easy. Much thanks could be given to the Liquor Worm, as well as Fang Yuan’s rich cultivation experience.

There was another aspect to it that was also caused by him.

His weekly extortions had caused his classmates to focus on training their martial arts with the help of their elders. Without realizing it, they had become distracted from other aspects of their cultivation, reducing the time they spent on nurturing their apertures. This resulted in everyone’s level being lower than Fang Yuan’s past life.

But even so, they were not so far from upper stage now.

A Gu Master’s early cultivation was rather easy, and results could be seen in a short period of time. Especially Fang Zheng, Mo Bei, and Chi Cheng, their cultivation had already creeped up and even seemed to surpass Fang Yuan.

With constant cultivation, these three, with their talent or the support behind them, had already begun to show their advantage. The lead that Fang Yuan had obtained due to the Liquor Worm was starting to disappear.

Of course, it was also because he had focused much of his effort recently on hunting and using the White Boar Gu.

At this rate, before long, someone will advance to upper stage. The first person that achieves upper stage will get a reward of thirty primeval stones. But I do not intend to try for it. Fang Yuan had decided this long ago.

If he abandoned the White Boar Gu now and rushed for upper stage, he might have some hope of winning. But that was not Fang Yuan’s goal. Thirty primeval stones might be good, but he did not lack primeval stones at the moment.

The bigger reason was that he needed to keep a low profile to reduce attention on him, so that he could take the Flower Wine Monk’s inheritance.

This was his real motive.

The academy has all sorts of rewards, but they are just carrots to pique the students’ interest, and most importantly, it is part of the clan’s system. Fighting for these measly rewards is not what a wise person would do.

Fang Yuan collected his thoughts and looked at the beastskin map again.

The beastskin map had two sheets: one recorded the day, while the other recorded the night. Many lines of different colors intertwined on it.

Some were straight, some were curved, but they all had their own specific meaning. Only Old Man Wang would know for sure; unfortunately, he was dead. But even if he were alive, he might not tell the truth.

Instead, Fang Yuan relied on his knowledge and experience, and by comparing the beastskin and bamboo maps, he had already deciphered it all.

The red cross represents danger, a forbidden zone. That one area with the red cross in the midst of a group of wild boars probably indicates a wild boar king. With my current strength, I’m as good as dead if I encounter one. Hmph!

Thinking of Old Man Wang, Fang Yuan could not help but snort.

That area was not marked with a cross on the bamboo map. If Fang Yuan had really believed the bamboo map to be accurate, he would probably die by the fangs of the wild boar king one day. Old Man Wang was indeed experienced. To avenge his son, he did not act himself, but tried to borrow the wild boar king’s strength. That way, even if Fang Yuan died, he would be able to avoid responsibility.

But these three spots marked with red circles, what do they mean? Fang Yuan was puzzled.

This was the beastskin map’s final unknown.

Three red circles, showing three very isolated areas. They were also very far apart, and had few beasts in the surroundings, and could thus be considered safer areas in the wild.

The red cross represents a forbidden area, but what does the red circle represent? Fang Yuan fell into deep thought. Normally, red is the most eye-catching color. Old Man Wang marked these three areas, meaning they are important. It is a pity they are far away. If not, I would inspect them myself and find the reason.

