Chapter 72: Any Organization Requires Loyalty


Qing Mao Mountain was steaming under the blazing hot summer sun, bathing in the warm mountain winds.


In the blink of an eye, it was already near the end of June.


“Gu Yue Fang Zheng!” the academy elder called out.


Fang Zheng got up from his seat and came before him.


Under the admiring gazes of his classmates, Fang Zheng received a heavy bag of primeval stones.


“Fang Zheng, you are the first to advance to upper stage, this is your reward. Good job, continue working hard.” The elder smiled pleasantly, patting Fang Zheng’s shoulders.


Fang Zheng acknowledged the praise with a grunt, his face full of excitement.


He took the money bag, full of emotion, and returned to his seat.


I finally did it. I was the first, did you see, Big Brother? I finally beat you for once!


His eyes shone brightly as he swept his gaze over to Fang Yuan.


He was sprawled on the table, sound asleep. Last night he had killed another wild boar, and after returning to the dorms, he used the White Boar Gu to improve his body. Then he replenished his primeval essence with primeval stones and refined it using the Liquor Worm. Finally, he used the upper stage primeval essence to nurture his aperture, all the way until morning.


He hurriedly ate breakfast before rushing to class, falling asleep as soon as he settled in. He was completely exhausted, as Gu Master cultivation could not replace sleep.


Hmph, even if you don’t admit it, it’s the truth. Big Brother, I have finally surpassed you! This is only the first time, there will be a second, and a third!


Fang Zheng clenched his fists. This success was extremely meaningful to him. He had already broken through the dark clouds in his heart, revealing a ray of light.


Even though this light was thin, it gave Fang Zheng hope and encouragement!


Hmph, I actually lost to Fang Zheng. Mo Bei sat at his desk, arms crossed, feeling indignant.


This is the advantage of A grade talent, damn it… Chi Cheng’s face was dark. As he continued cultivating, he strongly felt the advantages of having good talent. Even with his grandfather Chi Lian’s support and his extremely hard work, Fang Zheng had still left him behind.


If only I had a Liquor Worm. Together with Grandfather’s help, I might not lose to Fang Zheng! Those accursed Fang brothers! The little brother is A grade, suppressing us, and the older brother is C grade, but has a Liquor Worm. Why did all the good things in this world go to them? Chi Cheng felt quite resentful.


“This time, Fang Zheng broke through to upper stage first.”


“Of course, he is A grade after all.”


“Yeah, even Mo Bei, Chi Cheng, and Fang Yuan lost to Fang Zheng. Fang Zheng has gained all the attention this time.”


“Is Fang Yuan even making use of his Liquor Worm? Wasting his time everyday, even sleeping in class, he might as well give it to me.”


The surrounding students fell into discussion, expressing their indignation, helplessness, and envy.


Meanwhile, the academy elder called the students up one by one to receive their primeval stone allowance.


After the allowance was given out, the academy elder rapped his desk with his fist. “Everyone, quiet down.” At once, the academy became silent.


“Now, you’ve all mastered your second Gu worm and even begun to reach upper stage. In the past half year, you have all worked hard. Now that you have a foundation, it is time for you to train in the wilderness. True battles are not against scarecrows or puppets that stand there and await your attacks.


“The mid-year examination will be held in three days, and all students have to attend! The exam’s objective is to hunt wild boars. You will be graded by how many wild boar tusks you are able to collect. At the end of the examination, each tusk can be exchanged for ten primeval stones. Lastly, you are allowed to hunt in groups.”


The academy elder’s words caused a commotion among the students.


“The mid-year exam is finally here!”


“It was about time. The mid-year and end-of-year exams are our most important assessments.”


“Every year’s examination content is different. To think that this year, it’s a hunt.”


“What should we do? My talent is only D grade and my vital Gu isn’t capable of attacking like the Moonlight Gu, how can I hunt wild boars?”


“Didn’t you hear? The elder said that we are allowed to hunt in groups. For those with poor talent, or those with Gu worms that aren’t suitable, we can help each other and cooperate! When we get boar tusks, we just need to share them.”


“Each tusk can be exchanged for ten primeval stones? The academy is really encouraging us to go all out. If they went by the real market value, a single primeval stone could buy twenty.”


The students had many different reactions. Some were happy, while others fretted. Some were ready to go, while others were forming into groups. Even Fang Yuan was slightly moved.


It changed! I remember that in my previous life, the exam was to collect wild honey. To think that it changed to wild boar tusks. Is this the butterfly effect?


A butterfly flapping its wings could cause a giant storm on the coast of another country. A small change in the initial conditions could lead to drastic changes in the results.


Ever since his rebirth, Fang Yuan had made many changes. The condition of his current self was vastly different from his previous life. In that life, he had already been left behind by Fang Zheng and the others, but now he was firmly near the top of the class.


In his past life, he did not kill Jia Jin Sheng; they did not even meet. But in this life, not only did he kill him, he even unearthed the Flower Wine Monk’s inheritance.


These changes were like a butterfly flapping its wings, indirectly affecting the course of events. The mid-year exam having changed was only the first of such symptoms.


If I continue changing things, will it cause history to become completely unrecognizable as well? In that case, the advantage from my rebirth will be significantly reduced.


Fang Yuan looked calm, but he was sighing internally.


Feelings of inability and pressing urgency roamed his heart, but he quickly adjusted his mindset.


Since it has already happened, I can’t stop it. What I need to do now is to actively change myself. Even if events are completely different in the end, I will not slow down my growth due to these concerns!


In my past life, I knew nothing about the future. Does that mean that in my current life I lack courage? Hehe, even if the world is full of thorns, I will carve a bloody path through them myself!


Ten primeval stones for every tusk is quite a good price. Should I sell all the ones I have stocked up at the cave? But if I do, I might attract suspicion…no, according to the Gu Yue Clan’s political situation, if I bring these tusks forward publicly, I might get screwed over.


Fang Yuan shook his head: the risks were too big. If he really sold those tusks, what could he get in return? A few hundred primeval stones?


Wait, primeval stones aren’t the important part. Maybe I can use this as an opportunity to change my image. Fang Yuan’s eyes glinted.


He needed to get rich secretly now, keeping as low a profile as possible. If the Flower Wine Monk’s inheritance was exposed, he might even lose his life.


But his current position was awkward.


He stood against all his classmates and was openly defying the clan. His reputation among the higher-ups was as an intelligent and cold teenager, untamable, unhappy, and indignant.


This image was not good, it literally portrayed him as disloyal. But a clan required loyalty; in fact, any organization required loyalty.


No matter which world, the trait a group desired most of its members was loyalty. Loyalty to the clan, to the country, to their leader, to their loved ones, to their friends…


As Fang Yuan’s cultivation level grew, the higher-ups would only become more and more concerned. If needed, they might even use hard-handed methods on him. At that point, Fang Yuan would truly be thrown into passivity.


Fang Yuan did not like passivity; he wanted to keep the initiative firmly in his grasp.


Because of how things had played out until now, Fang Yuan could only make spur-of-the-moment plans and rely on the strength of others. The image he had constructed was a shield to protect himself through all that turbulence.


But now, he no longer needed this shield, he needed to be stronger!


Thus, he needed to change this image and let the higher-ups think that he had given up and joined the clan’s system. But his conversion could not be too abrupt, or it would be suspicious.


More importantly, joining the system would only be a facade. Fang Yuan would not truly submit to its manipulations and restrictions. He had too many secrets.


He needed large amounts of freedom, so in practice he would still be a loner.


But now, the mid-year exam was a chance.


It seems I have to do some plotting. I’ll start with the extortion then. Fang Yuan’s gaze became certain as everything fell into his schemes.


