Chapter 73: The Mysterious Red Circle


“You said that during Fang Yuan’s extortion this time, although he defeated Fang Zheng, Chi Cheng, and Mo Bei, he did not take their primeval stones?” Hearing the guard’s report, the academy elder revealed a slightly shocked expression.

“I would not dare to lie to you, my lord,” the guard kneeling on the ground immediately responded.

“Mm,” the academy elder said noncommittally, and waved his hand. “I have understood this matter, you may go.”

“Yes, sir.”

Once the guard had left, the academy elder immediately fell into deep thought.

He had previously felt some concern over this matter, afraid that Fang Yuan would snatch away the thirty primeval stones that Fang Zheng had won. In that case, the academy’s reward system would have no meaning; they might as well give everything to Fang Yuan.

If Fang Yuan really did that, the academy would not allow it, and the academy elder was already prepared to punish him.

But he did not expect that, not only did Fang Yuan have no intention to take the thirty primeval stones from Fang Zheng, he even let off Mo Bei and Chi Cheng as well.

Fang Yuan has hundreds of primeval stones on hand, he might not be too concerned with a mere thirty more, that is understandable. But giving up on extorting Mo Bei and Chi Cheng as well…what is the reason?

As the academy elder pondered, his brow gradually unfurrowed. He had understood something.

Mo Bei, Chi Cheng, and Fang Zheng could be said to represent the three factions of the clan. Letting go of them meant that Fang Yuan was appealing to the three different factions. This could be understood as a sign that he was willing to lower his head to the clan.

Understandable. Fang Yuan might have the Liquor Worm, but as he cultivated, the reality of the situation became clear to him. He has understood the weakness of his C grade talent, and after venting his feelings, he is probably rather downhearted and depressed now.

It seems the clan leader’s words were correct. Fang Yuan is, after all, only fifteen. How can he go against the clan’s system? Now that he has started to accept reality, once he finds a place to belong, he will naturally fuse into the clan.

The academy elder breathed out a sigh of relief, becoming more cheerful.

•••

Three days passed in a flash. Soon, the mid-year exam arrived.

“Faster, faster, I’ve lured the wild boar out!” a youngster shouted frantically as he ran.

Around both his ankles, there were light green rings of swirling wind. They seemed to allow him to run more swiftly than a normal youth of his age.

However, the wild boar chasing him became faster and faster, and the distance between them was shortening.

The scorching sunlight penetrated through the canopy and found the wild boar, glinting off its sharp tusks.

“The wild boar is coming, pull the rope taut!” The four youngsters lying in ambush acted, instantly forming a trip rope.

The fleeing youth leaped lightly, jumping over the rope as he continued running.

But the boar behind him tripped over the rope and fell hard, tumbling five or six meters before it stopped.

“Oww!” The four youngsters were dragged along by the rope, and fell to the ground along with the wild boar.

“Strike!” the youngster running ahead shouted as he turned around.

The four lying on the ground frantically stood up and surrounded the wild boar.

•••

Kacha!

Under the impact of a wild boar, a small budding tree snapped in half, and its crown fell to the ground.

What a close shave! Chi Cheng wiped the sweat off his forehead, feeling lingering fear. Luckily I managed to use the Dragonpill Cricket Gu and leaped three meters to the left, otherwise I would have been snapped in half instead of this tree.

•••

Pew pew pew!

Moonblades danced in the air, striking the wild boar and inflicting long, shallow cuts.

Mo Bei’s face showed his excitement, his eyes glowing, his spirit immersed in this battle.

Half an hour later, the wild boar collapsed from blood loss.

Mo Bei breathed roughly and also sat on the ground, his entire body covered in mud and grass and sweat.

Fighting against a living being like the wild boar is indeed different from the training puppets. I spent thirty minutes just to kill a single wild boar. I wonder how the others are doing?

•••

On a small, secluded hill, a temporary tent had been raised. The tent blocked the sun’s punishing rays and cast an area of cool, dark shade.

Beneath it, there were a few chairs and tables, with the academy elder sitting at the main seat. Beside him, there were other clan elders, and a few Gu Masters were standing behind them.

In the surrounding forest, there were also some hidden Gu Masters.

Suddenly, there was a disturbance.

Whoosh!

A Gu Master emerged from the forest like a shadow and quickly ran out, kneeling outside the tent.

“How is the situation?” the academy elder asked.

“Reporting to Lord Elder, at this point, there are no casualties among the students,” the Gu Master quickly answered.

“Good, good.”

“It has already been half a day since the exam started. To have no injuries, it is quite different from past years.”

“It looks like this is all thanks to the academy elder’s effort.”

The other clan elders nodded in satisfaction as they praised him.

The academy elder shook his head slightly; he knew the real reason. This was due to Fang Yuan extorting his classmates, causing them to practice hard at their basic martial arts.

He looked towards the kneeling Gu Master, and continued asking, “Then at this point, who is in the lead?”

The Gu Master answered immediately, “At this point, Fang Yuan, Fang Zheng, Mo Bei, and Chi Cheng are leading. Chi Cheng has killed three boars, Fang Zheng and Mo Bei are at five, and Fang Yuan has the most, at eight.”

“Oh? To think Fang Yuan is leading!”

“In all of the academy’s history, it is a very rare sight for A and B grade talents to be surpassed by a C grade.”

“He has a Liquor Worm, right? That means he has upper stage green copper primeval essence, so it is understandable.”

“I believe that in the future, Fang Zheng, Mo Bei, and Chi Cheng will surpass him. Although he has a Liquor Worm, his primeval essence recovery rate cannot compare to those with better talent.”

The other clan elders continued their discussion.

“You may go.” The academy elder waved his hand towards the kneeling Gu Master. “Instruct the others, focus on protecting the students. Especially Fang Zheng, Chi Cheng, and Mo Bei, pay more attention to them and ensure their safety!”

“Yes, lord.” The Gu Master retreated.

For most students, it truly was the first time they were fighting in the wilderness. Thus, there was danger, and the clan naturally had planned for it. Dozens of rank two Gu Masters were concealed in the forest, monitoring all of the students. At the same time, some rank three clan elders were staying here, available in case of accidents.

The blazing sun slowly descended from its zenith, gradually nearing the northwestern mountains.

The sunset glow ignited the clouds; it was the sun’s last display of passion.

As the fading light shone into the forest, another wild boar fell to the ground.

Twenty-three, Fang Yuan mentally calculated, and then squatted down, skillfully carving out its tusks.

Inside a bag on his back was a large number of wild boar tusks.

At the same time, there was another bag containing the tusks of the boars he had killed over the past few weeks. They were originally stored in the rock crack secret cave, but last night Fang Yuan had taken them and buried them in a secret location.

I am familiar with the terrain and the places where the boars roam. At the same time, I have upper stage primeval essence and can use my Moonlight Gu together with my Little Light Gu. No one else is as efficient as I am. Just with this bag on me, I can easily take first place. I wonder what expressions they will show when I take out the other bag later? Hehe.

Fang Yuan looked at the sky; it was time to retrieve the other bag.

In his head, he recalled the map.

He had recently finished memorizing it. Fang Yuan knew his current position. If he turned left and walked along a stream for fifteen minutes, he would reach the location where he buried the bag.

But when he was about to move, he hesitated.

Right now, I am only five or six hundred meters away from the nearest red circle marking. This is a rare chance, should I go take a look?

Once he had the thought, it was unstoppable.

Since he’d already won anyway, Fang Yuan had a lot of time left.

The beastskin map had three red circle markings. These three locations were clearly very important to Old Man Wang. It is also the only part of the map that I could not decipher. I’ll go see it!

Fang Yuan naturally knew that there were Gu Masters monitoring the students, so he needed to put on a bit of a show.

He acted like he was going to continue killing wild boars, and moved deeper into the forest.

Seven minutes later, he arrived at the location of one of the red circles.

A treehouse was cleverly concealed among the branches of a massive tree. If one did not observe carefully, they would not be able to find it.

Is this a safehouse Old Man Wang used while hunting? Fang Yuan frowned, feeling puzzled.

He climbed into the treehouse.

When he saw what was within, his expression changed!

