Chapter 74: Solving the Mystery


The treehouse wasn’t large, but there were many items inside, so at a glance, it seemed extremely messy.

A thick, dark-yellow carpet covered the center of the floor.

There was an iron stove beside the wall, and on it there was a bronze kettle. Inside the stove, there was blackened soot, and beside it there was a small pile of unburnt, dried firewood.

Despite it being summer, the mountain nights were still icy cold. The iron stove, small though it was, could still heat the entire treehouse.

There were two sets of windows, and some ropes were stretched between them. On the ropes hung several pieces of patchwork-mended clothing. They obviously belonged to an adult, and they were slightly damp.

The light of the setting sun penetrated the windows and shone inside the treehouse.

In a corner there were axes and hunting knives with beastskin-wrapped handles. The blades even bore traces of dried blood.

On the opposite side, there was a piece of bamboo paper pinned to the wall by a dagger through its center.

There was a young man’s face on the bamboo paper — it looked like Fang Yuan!

All of this meant that recently, someone had come to the hidden treehouse and lived here. The person’s objective was obvious: he was targeting Fang Yuan.

And the portrait stabbed by the dagger showed his ill intent!

Even Fang Yuan was taken aback at the sight of it.

What does this person want, and why is he targeting me? No, maybe it isn’t me, but Fang Zheng. Fang Yuan’s brain kicked into overdrive.

Fang Zheng was an A grade talent, the Gu Yue Clan’s only one in the last three years. If he could truly be nurtured, he would become an important figure in the clan.

But nurturing was a process.

During this process, there were natural disasters and man-made disasters.

The most important of these was the latter. As everyone knew, Qing Mao Mountain was home to two other clans besides the Gu Yue Clan: Bai Clan and Xiong Clan. These two forces would not be happy to see the Gu Yue Clan, already the dominant force on the mountain, successfully rear an A grade talent.

Thus, sending assassins to get rid of him was natural.

In this world, there were few geniuses, and even fewer of those who could reach maturity.

It was not that A grade talents did not exist. Three years ago, one had appeared in the Gu Yue Clan. In earlier generations, they had occasionally appeared as well.

But in recent years, among the three clans, only a single A grade talent had been cultivated: the Bai Clan’s Bai Ning Bing, who was currently rank three.

With just this much information, many things became clear.

Is he from the Bai Clan or the Xiong Clan? They want to get rid of Fang Zheng so soon? Fang Yuan frowned, staring at the portrait.

But why did Old Man Wang’s beastskin map indicate this treehouse? Was he a spy from the other clans? No, he is obviously after me!

Fang Yuan’s eyes glinted.

At that moment, he recalled several memories.

The first was of the time when he had encountered the boar dying in Wang Er’s trap —

A hunter had said, “Second Brother Wang, you are nineteen, you should also get yourself a wife and have kids already.”

Wang Er had replied, “Hmph, I’m a true man, how can I be satisfied with just that? One day, I will leave Qing Mao Mountain, explore the world, and learn about everything under the sky! That will be truly fitting for a man like me!”

The second was of his battle with Wang Er, in particular, his peculiar calmness. He drew his bow and aimed at Fang Yuan, while the other hunters were already begging for forgiveness.

The third memory was of when Fang Yuan was asking questions of the two hunters after finding the map.

“I’m going to ask you — in Old Man Wang’s household, is there anyone else?”

One of the hunters had answered, “Hunter Wang had a wife, but that was decades ago, and she was killed by wild wolves that broke into the village. Before his wife died, she gave birth to two sons and a daughter. But the oldest son, Wang Da, died on the mountain while hunting three years ago. There is no one else in the Wang family.”

“I-I thought of something! Old Man Wang actually also had a daughter-in-law, Wang Da’s wife. But after Wang Da disappeared, his wife died of a broken heart. That year, the village even sent down a chastity memorial arch! But rumor has it that she wanted to remarry, and Old Man Wang drove her to suicide. When you killed Old Man Wang, my lord, you helped us villagers by rooting out evil and bringing peace!”

The other hunter had quickly added, “That’s right, that’s right. Actually, my lord, we have disliked him for a long time. Hmph, he’s nothing special, he can just hunt better than us. We’re all just mortals, yet he thought so highly of himself that he chose to move out of the village and live here. And when we’d come to him to ask him to teach us and give us advice, he would chase us away and tell us never to return!”

Old Man Wang had moved out of the village, away from everyone else…

The eldest son, Wang Da, died in the mountains three years ago while hunting…

Wang Da’s wife had received a chastity memorial arch, but she supposedly wanted to remarry, and Old Man Wang drove her to suicide…

Old Man Wang chased away all the young hunters who were trying to ask for guidance…

Old Man Wang tried his best to hide the beastskin map, and on the bamboo map he had drawn, there were no red circles…

Wang Er was at such a young age, but was calm in the presence of Gu Masters. At the same time, he did not wish to marry, instead aspiring to surpass the mortal realm…

Most importantly, this circle on the beastskin map indicated a hidden base, and there was obvious human activity in the area. The person staying here obviously harbored a strong hatred towards Fang Yuan…

If these clues were separate, they would seem unrelated. But when all put together, it was quite peculiar!

The more Fang Yuan thought about it, the more he felt that the fog shrouding this mystery had thinned.

The sun’s fading light passed through the window and illuminated his face, seeming to bathe it in blood.

The world had fallen into deathly silence. Had someone been spying on him all this time?

Suddenly, Fang Yuan’s eyes lit up, piercing through the veil; he had seen the truth!

Wang Da did not die.

Not only did he not die, he even became a demonic Gu Master by chance!

It was not that mortals had no talent for cultivation, but clans kept their cultivation methods a secret and prevented them from leaking out.

But there were no absolutes in this world.

Mortals could become Gu Masters as well. They could stumble upon wild Hope Gu and open their apertures, or chance upon a Gu Master’s inheritance, or fall under the tutelage of someone from a clan.

Such Gu Masters would not be accepted as members of a clan, and could only be their henchmen. They would naturally become lone cultivators, their lives extremely difficult. As time passed, as they competed for resources, they would have to destroy, steal, and murder, turning towards the demonic path.

The strongest possibility is that he obtained a large fortune from a Gu Master’s corpse and became a Gu Master three years ago. He faked his own death to throw off suspicion, but no one has ever seen his corpse. Old Man Wang found out and moved out of the village, risking the chance that wild beasts might invade, and lived alone, just to hide this truth.

But some problems arose. Wang Da’s wife did not agree; perhaps she wanted to report him to the Gu Yue Clan. The Wang family had no choice but to kill her, and spread rumors to hide the truth. Something about her wanting to remarry, or driving her to commit suicide.

Once in a while, Wang Da would return home to visit. Thus, Old Man Wang had to chase the young hunters away. Wang Er, after interacting with his brother, dispelled his fear of Gu Masters. He naturally grew to want to be a Gu Master himself and to explore the world!

Out of fear that Wang Da might be exposed, his younger brother did not look for a wife. Wang Da could not stay in the house, so Old Man Wang sent him to the three red circles on his map. These three locations should be hidden bases like this treehouse. Wang Da rotated between these three hiding spots, living on the fringes of the three clans’ territories.

The meaning of the three red circles was finally revealed!

Red indicated alertness or importance. To Old Man Wang, these places were where his eldest son lived. Thus, when Fang Yuan wanted him to draw the map, he did not include them on the bamboo paper to protect his family. Similarly, he drew fewer of the red crosses that indicated great danger to avenge the death of his younger son.

Maybe at certain times each year, Wang Da returns home to stay for a while. On his most recent visit, he found that his entire family was dead. After asking around, he found out it was me, and he began plotting his revenge!

With his previous life’s experience, Fang Yuan was almost certain this was the truth.

If it was some other power that wanted to assassinate Fang Zheng, they could be much more subtle. They did not have to develop a spy like Old Man Wang. After all, he’d lived at the foot of the mountain, not inside Gu Yue Village.

To think that for the sake of a beastskin map, I provoked a murderer of the demonic path. This world really works in wondrous ways. Fang Yuan could not help but snicker.

He had killed Wang Er, Old Man Wang, and his daughter, all for the sake of this map. Old Man Wang was the number one hunter in the region, so his map held the greatest value.

At the time, he had thought, It’s merely three mortals, what’s the big deal? I’ll just kill them.

In this world, everyone had the right to live, and anyone could die just as easily.

To think that out of nowhere, a demonic Gu Master emerged!

But Fang Yuan did not have a hint of regret; rather, he felt at ease.

If he had been too merciful at the time, the Wang family would have given him a great deal of trouble. To protect Wang Da’s secret, they would not give him the real map.

Wang Er was strong enough to kill an ordinary rank one upper stage Gu Master. Old Man Wang was even more experienced in his old age, and it was likely he would be more of a threat than Wang Er.

Even if he had gotten the real map, Old Man Wang would’ve informed Wang Da, and Wang Da would have known about Fang Yuan immediately. No matter how he dealt with it, Wang Da would always have the initiative.

Good thing I killed them at the start! This is why I always try to control the situation completely. Even if I hadn’t gotten the real map after killing them, I wouldn’t lose anything. I could even try again and get a map from another hunter. Killing Old Man Wang and that girl caused Wang Da to spend a lot of time to find out who I am. Needless to say, those two young hunters I let live must’ve already been silenced.

There were only a few people who knew the situation, and Wang Da would not attack Jiang He, the Gu Master stationed at the village. Once Jiang He died, the clan would send people to investigate. But making a couple of hunters disappear? Child’s play. Jiang He would not even report it, as it would affect the clan’s evaluation of him. He would even cover it up like he did for Fang Yuan.

