Chapter 75: Resolve of the Demonic Path


Fang Yuan’s mind was racing.


With the knowledge accumulated from his previous life, Fang Yuan could sense Wang Da’s existence. But how strong was he?


Fang Yuan had never seen him, but with the information at hand, he could deduce many things.


Courage is built upon the basis of strength. He has found out who I am and still wishes to take revenge. With such confidence, his cultivation has to be above rank one!


Over the last three years he has been moving between the three red circled areas, living at the fringes of the three clans. He risks discovery and death every day. This shows he does not have the strength to roam the wider world, which would require rank three cultivation.


Thus, at first evaluation, he is rank two.


Fang Yuan’s eyes glinted with cold light. He disappeared for three years and cultivated to rank two, so he should be a B or C grade talent, and his aperture should have between 40% and 70% primeval essence.


In these three years, he could both survive and visit his father’s home despite Jiang He’s observation, so he must possess a Gu worm capable of stealth.


Information was the most important thing in a battle between Gu Masters.


Although Fang Yuan had no Gu worms to investigate, with his experience and knowledge, he could reverse engineer Wang Da’s cultivation level and Gu worms with a high degree of accuracy.


Very quickly, his mental image of a rank two demonic path Gu Master appeared, carrying the hatred of his family’s murderer and lurking somewhere to kill the target of his revenge.


I can kill others, and others can naturally come to kill me. This is nothing. Fang Yuan laughed lightly.


In this world, everyone had the right to live, and anyone had the chance to die.


Those who lived by the sword would die by it.


Since he committed murder, he should be mentally prepared to be killed in return.


If he was killed like that, then he would simply die. It was no injustice, and he had no regrets. This was the path he chose.


Fang Yuan already had a deep understanding of this philosophy. It was the resolve of the demonic path!


If Wang Er wants to kill me, then the mid-year exam is definitely his best chance. Normally, students stay in the village, and with his rank two cultivation, he cannot sneak in. That would be courting death.


Maybe he guessed that I might come out to hunt. But Qing Mao Mountain is massive, and he would have to both hide his own traces and search for me. It is too difficult. Now that the chance has been offered to him, he is likely to strike.


He is a rank two Gu Master, and one that has struggled for three years, living a life of danger and unknown, a member of the demonic path forged in strife. With my current battle strength, I am definitely not his match. But that does not mean I have no chance of survival.


Escape!


Fang Yuan instantly made a decision.


Nothing was too shameless when one’s survival was on the line. If he couldn’t fight, then he should run.


It was almost impossible for a Gu Master to have a major breakthrough in their battle strength in the midst of a fight. Fighting against someone of a higher cultivation realm was possible, but only if one had special Gu worms.


Fang Yuan had a number of Gu in his possession, but the Spring Autumn Cicada was hibernating and unusable, while the Liquor Worm, White Boar Gu, Little Light Gu, and Moonlight Gu were not trump cards to fight against a higher realm.


Knowing that your foe was unbeatable, yet resolving to fight to the death anyway, was the height of hot-blooded stupidity. Even if he won, it would merely be the favor of fate.


Fang Yuan was cautious, even with trump cards at hand. If the chance of victory was slim, he would choose to avoid combat.


He liked to be in control of the situation, using unscrupulous methods to raise his chances to the limit. He loved fighting battles he was sure to win.


Only when he had no choice would he engage in a risky fight.


Thus, his favorite activity was to bully the weak and steal resources to get stronger. Once he became stronger than his enemies, he would turn around and stomp on them, once again bullying the weak.


There was nothing shameful in that. Those who risked their lives and fought to the death with strong enemies just to prove their bravery were the real idiots.


But unfortunately, this “virtue” has been glorified, because organizations need their members to sacrifice themselves to protect the interests of the ones in power.


You just needed to think for a moment to know that surviving is the prerequisite to doing anything.


Surviving and fulfilling one’s deepest ambitions, that was the greatest courage a person could have.


Dying for an ideal was for fools. Surviving shamelessly for their ambitions was for the truly brave!


On Earth, Han Xin endured the shame of crawling through someone’s legs[1]. Cao Cao was chased till he shaved his beard and tore his robe[2]. Yue Wang, in order to live, had to eat shit to express his loyalty[3]…


Fuck off with glory and honor and reputation!


Regardless of the institution, they would applaud these values. The more that needed to be sacrificed, the more they would emphasize them. The greatest example would be a military organization.


How should I go about avoiding Wang Da? A map appeared in Fang Yuan’s mind.


Wang Da already knows I have the beastskin map. Right now, he should be lurking in the forest, searching for me by looking in the wild boar territories that were marked on it. Thus, I cannot go to those places, I can only do the opposite to find a chance to survive… A slightly insane route surfaced in Fang Yuan’s mind.


•••


Beneath the sunset in the mountain forest, the shadows of the trees overlapped atop the abundant wild grass.


A pair of bloodshot eyes peered out from the darkness. They burned with hatred, so great that it couldn’t be doused even with a tsunami.


“Fang Yuan, I’ve finally found you…” Wang Da gritted his teeth as he growled.


Under his gaze, not far away, a youngster with a thin body and pale face was traversing the forest.


Though his enemy was nearby, Wang Da did not act immediately. His eyes shifted to look at a few other positions.


In each place where they paused, a Gu Master was hidden.


To prevent cheating and for immediate treatment of injuries, dozens of rank two Gu Masters were scattered about the forest, hiding and observing. On a hilltop in the distance, there were also rank three elders on standby.


Wang Da had carefully scouted the forest and collected a lot of information.


I want to kill Fang Yuan, so I need to get rid of these three Gu Masters first. Otherwise, once I show myself, I will be disturbed. Maybe I could kill him if I went straight for him, but I would also get killed by the Gu Masters pursuing me afterwards.


I have rank two middle stage cultivation and 50% primeval essence. It is difficult to kill these three consecutively in a short period, but if I give them time to notice something’s wrong, I will be discovered…


Shadow Follower Gu. Wang Da closed his eyes.


His body became cloaked in darkness and could move among the shadows.


All was silent.


In a thick bush nearby, a rank two Gu Master of the Gu Yue Clan was lazing about, yawning in boredom.


“It’s so boring accompanying these junior students, I feel like a nanny,” he complained softly, not sensing the shadow that was slowly creeping up on him.


A pair of bony hands stretched out from the darkness.


They were deathly pale with long joints, and the fingernails were sharp and long, dyed a deep purple, and smelled faintly of fish.


“What’s that smell?” the Gu Master sniffed, frowning subconsciously.


He wanted to investigate, but it was too late.


Wang Da pounced like a snake, striking like lightning!


One hand covered the Gu Master’s mouth and nose, while the other stabbed into his back. The purple nails were sharp as blades, easily piercing the Gu Master’s body and reaching his heart.


The poison on the nails invaded the heart. It spread through the blood to the whole of the Gu Master’s body.


In but a moment, he stiffened and lost all signs of life.


Although they were both rank two Gu Masters, one had ambushed the other, so it was over as soon as it had begun.


40% left. Wang Da checked his aperture before fusing into the shadows once again.


A moment later, the second Gu Master, who was hiding behind a rock, also met his assault. His pupils shrank to the size of pins as he collapsed on the ground.


The poison invaded his body, turning his skin purple, and streams of blood flowed out of his nose.


30% left. Wang Da chanted silently, melding into the shadows.


“Who is it?!” The third Gu Master was perched on a branch atop a gigantic tree. At the crucial moment, he sensed something wrong, turning around and grabbing Wang Da’s hands as they reached out for him.


“Damn you!” Wang Da cursed. His nails instantly grew five centimeters long, stabbing into the Gu Master’s forearm.


The blood dripping from the wound rapidly turned dark purple.


“This is Love Life Separation?!” The third Gu Master was horrified; the purple poison had already spread to his face.


He had no poison resistance Gu and knew he would die. His face filled with resolve, and he shouted, “Then let’s die together!”


He opened his mouth and stretched out his tongue.


There was a crescent moon tattoo on his tongue — it was the Moonlight Gu.


A moonblade shot out from his mouth and slashed Wang Da’s right shoulder, piercing through and coming out from his back.


Blood splattered.


Wang Da grunted, his body swaying a little, but the Gu Master had already passed away.


“Correct, this is Love Life Separation.” Wang Da stood up slowly on the tree branch, showing a bitter smile.


Love Life Separation, the number one poison Gu among rank two Gu worms! To refine it, one needed a rank one Life Breath Grass Gu, a widow spider, a red needle scorpion, and the heart of a lover.


To refine this Gu worm, Wang Da had killed his own wife, who loved him deeply, and ripped out her heart!


“It was all for survival, I could only choose strength…this is the resolve of my demonic path!” Wang Da’s eyes were red as he glared at the nearby youngster.


“I gave up on love, and only had kinship left, but you took them from me! Fang Yuan…” he growled, “I want you to deeply regret all that you did!”


* * *


[1]. Han Xin (韩信) – Famous general of the first Han emperor, Liu Bang.


[2]. Cao Cao (曹操) – Famous statesman and general at the end of Han dynasty, noted poet and calligrapher, later warlord, founder and first king of Cao Wei, father of Emperor Cao Pi, as well as the main villain of the novel Romance of the Three Kingdoms.


[3]. Yue Wang/King Gou Jian of Yue (越王勾践) – sometimes considered one of the Five Hegemons.


