Chapter 76: Do You Regret It?


“Kill!” Wang Da growled, ferociously leaping down from the tree branch.


As he neared his mortal enemy, three moonblades shot out from nowhere and intercepted him.


Why is there a fourth Gu Master? Wang Da’s heart sank. He twisted his body in midair, narrowly avoiding two of the moonblades. He could not dodge the last one, and it struck his left leg.


Bang!


Wang Da crashed to the ground. He turned to look at his left leg. The wound was deep and long, already gushing blood.


“Damn…” Wang Da gritted his teeth. Shadow Follower Gu!


He instantly transformed into shadow and his speed rose drastically. He retreated without a sound.


Suddenly, a Gu worm flew out from nowhere as an old, weary voice called out, “Flash Blink Gu, explode.”


The Gu worm detonated, flooding the forest with light.


“Ah!” Wang Da shrieked. His shadowy body had nowhere to hide, and it abruptly reverted into his human form.


Although the Flash Blink Gu was only rank one and also a single use Gu, it perfectly countered Wang Da’s Shadow Follower Gu. Once the darkness was dispelled by the light, the Shadow Follower Gu needed to rest for three hours before it could be used again.


In nature, everything was balanced and everything had a counter. Although the Shadow Follower Gu was extremely good for stealth, it also had a great weakness.


After he was countered, Wang Da’s heart sank into the abyss.


The fourth Gu Master was more experienced. Not only did he know which Gu to use, he also concealed himself well, a true foe. More importantly, Wang Da could no longer use the Shadow Follower Gu and had no way to retreat.


“I am Gu Yue Sou. Lad, if you surrender now, my clan might still spare your life!” A white-haired and bearded rank two Gu Master appeared before Wang Da.


“Spare me? Hmph, I’ll kill you first!” Wang Da knew that if the battle dragged on, more Gu Masters would show up. He had to kill this fourth Gu Master as soon as possible.


I only have 20% primeval essence left. Be it revenge or preserving my life, I have to kill this meddlesome old fellow first! Wang Da pulled himself together and jumped towards Gu Yue Sou.


The old man snorted. The hair all over his body, from his head to his pores, instantly lengthened and intertwined, forming into spiky white battle armor.


Wang Da’s face fell. The experienced Gu Master was like a porcupine, and he did not know how to strike at him.


His Love Life Separation was an extremely potent rank two poison Gu, but it was only good at sneak attacks and could not directly contest most defensive Gu.


Wang Da only had Love Life Separation and Shadow Follower Gu. If he had a defensive Gu worm, he would not have gotten hit by the moonblade earlier.


Hmph, if I cannot deal with you, I’ll kill Fang Yuan first! Wang Da was not stupid. Three years of living as a demon had made him cunning and ruthless.


He moved quickly, getting around Gu Yue Sou and attacking his family’s murderer.


“Dream on!” Gu Yue Sou activated his primeval essence, and two snow white hair spikes shot out from his armor, spiraling forward several meters towards Wang Da.


Wang Da twisted, narrowly avoiding the spikes.


The nails on his hands had already lengthened, swirling with dark purple poison.


“Die!” Wang Da was already mad with bloodlust, laughing maniacally as he rushed towards his target.


His eyes reflected Fang Yuan’s panicked face.


Killing intent had consumed Wang Da. He imagined he could hear his nails piercing Fang Yuan’s skin, and his indignant last breath.


“You wish!”


Just as he was about to succeed, another person appeared, blocking Wang Da’s way.


A fifth Gu Master had rushed over from nearby!


“It’s actually Love Life Separation?” This middle-aged man was unmoved by Wang Da’s insanity.


Rock Skin Gu!


The middle-aged man’s red steel primeval essence gushed out like smoke. His bare arms immediately faded from skin tone to gray, swelling up into massive rocky arms.


As they neared each other, Wang Da’s expression became more twisted and insane. The middle-aged Gu Master was solemn as he stretched out both arms to grab Wang Da.


“Trying to get me with this speed?” Wang Da mocked.


His opponent’s limbs were covered in rocky skin, and Wang Da’s nails could not penetrate it. But they were too heavy and slow. Wang Da felt that he could easily evade them.


“Oh really? Jade Wind Wheel!” the middle-aged Gu Master shouted, and suddenly a pair of green cyclones circulated around his rock arms like armbands.


The arms’ speed immediately rose!


“How can that be…urgh!” Wang Da’s face twisted in shock as he was knocked away by a blow from the arms.


The middle-aged Gu Master was experienced in battle. If he had used his Jade Wind Wheel Gu from the start, Wang Da might not have fallen so easily.


Wang Da was sent flying and he fell to the ground in a mess. He felt pain deep in his chest.


Puke.


He barely managed to stand up again, but couldn’t stop himself from vomiting blood.


5% primeval essence left. I’m gonna die. He laughed bitterly. Seeing Fang Yuan near him, his face contorted with insane resolve. “Even if I die, you will join me!”


Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!


He ignored his injuries and rushed out.


“Block him!” The middle-aged Gu Master was a pure close-range fighter with no long range Gu, he couldn’t do anything to stop him.


The old Gu Master had already arrived, his white armor sending out spiraling hair spikes to pierce Wang Da’s body.


But Wang Da did not care, rushing forward regardless.


“Die!!!” He screamed, his fingernails growing half a meter long.


The middle-aged Gu Master chased after him, but when he saw Wang Da’s nails extend, his face fell. He could not stop him.


Just as Wang Da was about to succeed, a bright jade light burst out.


Moments from death, Fang Zheng screamed, “Jade Skin Gu!”


His skin was instantly covered in green light.


Wang Da’s fingers stabbed at him like knives. Although Love Life Separation was not good at breaking through defenses, the Jade Skin Gu was only rank one and could not block his nails.


Roar!


The elderly Gu Master, seeing Fang Zheng about to die, shouted frantically, his eyes wide. Even more hair spikes shot out and pierced Wang Da’s body.


The spikes worked like snakes, first piercing through his back all the way out the front, then twisting around his neck, arms, and legs.


Hot blood poured from Wang Da’s body, dying the white hair red.


His entire body was covered by white hair. Just like the boar who had fallen into the bamboo spike trap, he was unable to move.


An intense feeling of dizziness assaulted him. Wang Da laughed pathetically, knowing he was about to die.


How unsatisfying!


His vision blurred, and at the moment of his death, his most vivid memory surfaced once again.


“Wan Er…” He subconsciously called out his wife’s name as the knife in his hand pierced her body.


“Why?” Her beautiful face showed confusion and shock as she stared deeply into Wang Da’s eyes.


Wang Da’s eyes were red. His body shivered as he forced out a single word. “Sorry.”


She smiled slightly, full of love. There was not a single drop of hate.


“I understand,” she said.


She reached out for his face, wanting to touch him one last time before she died.


But before it could reach him, her hand dropped.


He killed his wife for her heart and refined Love Life Separation. From that moment, he obtained strength and went on the demonic path!


Do I have regrets? He constantly asked himself ever since that day.


I regret it!


He regretted it so much that he would rather die, so he swore that he had to protect his remaining family!


But.


But…


If I could start from the beginning again, Wan Er, I would still do the same… Tears poured from Wang Da’s red eyes.


Fang Zheng stared at him, his body glowing with jade light.


From start to end, he was in deep confusion and suspicion.


An unfamiliar Gu Master had rushed madly towards him, and wanted to tear him to bits. But Fang Zheng did not know him.


Under the thick aura of impending death, Fang Zheng could not move an inch. His mind was blank as he subconsciously activated the Jade Skin Gu.


Wang Da’s nails pierced the jade skin and stabbed one centimeter deep, but did not move any further.


He died.


He was full of tears when he died.


“It’s…over?” Fang Zheng breathed roughly, his eyes losing focus and growing hollow.


A strong sense of dizziness overcame him.


Plop.


He also fell to the ground.


Love Life Separation, the strongest rank two poison. Although it did not pierce deeply through the jade skin, the toxin had already invaded his body.


