Chapter 77: An Odd Coincidence


A wild boar as large as an elephant was lying in a mud pit.


Its eyes were closed as it half kneeled, half reclined, its white tusks gleaming like sharp blades.


The light of dusk faintly illuminated its black fur. Its massive belly was white, and it visibly rose and fell with each snorted breath.


Wild boar king!


Fang Yuan was hundreds of meters downwind from it, but he still moved carefully.


Even though I can kill wild boars now, against this wild boar king, I can only run away. Even an average rank two Gu Master cannot kill it. If they do not know the wild Gu on its body, they might even fall prey to it.


Beast kings normally had Gu worms inhabiting their bodies.


On the wild boar king’s body, there would normally be Boar Gu, such as Pink Boar Gu or Flower Boar Gu. Other than those, there might also be Beast Skin Gu or Spike Fur Gu.


In this world, there were all sorts of Gu worms. Some of them resided on the bodies of strong wild beasts, forming a symbiotic relationship.


When the wild beast was attacked, the Gu worms would sense the danger and assist them in resisting their foes, while the wild beast provided a safer place to live for the Gu.


This wild boar king’s body was enormous, and its strength greatly exceeded the average wild boar. Fang Yuan was no match for it alone, even discounting the unknown wild Gu on its body.


However, Fang Yuan’s goal this time was not to kill the wild boar king. It was to avoid Wang Da’s pursuit.


Wang Da knew that Fang Yuan had the beastskin map, and Fang Yuan used that knowledge to his advantage. The place he chose to flee to was none other than the red cross that marked the wild boar king’s territory.


The wild boar king, although dangerous, still had the intelligence of a beast. Old Man Wang, a mere mortal, could venture to this place and retreat safely, so why couldn’t Fang Yuan do the same?


Running towards danger, although seemingly foolish, in fact hid a way to survive.


As he continued to move, he slowly distanced himself from the wild boar king. If his route was drawn on the map, it would show him circling around the red cross and heading towards the hill hosting the clan elders’ tent.


An hour later, a youngster covered in plant debris, his shirt torn in several places, and his feet coated in mud, ran up the hill carrying a bag.


This pathetic-looking youngster was Fang Yuan.


I’m finally safely back here. Now there are clan elders to protect me and my safety is assured. But I cannot afford to be careless. Fang Yuan sighed in relief, and slowly ascended the hill.


The hill had a simple tent, and dozens of students stood nearby as the academy’s guards were counting the wild boar tusks in their bags. Out of the clan elders that should have been stationed here, only one remained.


Why is the atmosphere so weird? Fang Yuan frowned slightly, acutely feeling that something important had occurred.


When he got near the tent, he heard the students’ discussions.


“Did you hear, there was an assassination earlier, and several rank two Gu Masters died.”


“Are you serious?”


“It’s true, I came here early, and I saw Fang Zheng carried away by several clan elders.”


“Fang Zheng is too unlucky to encounter something like this during the exam.”


“Hehe, you don’t know, huh. The target was Fang Zheng, because he’s an A grade talent!”


“I wonder if he’ll die?”


“Even if he doesn’t die, he’s gonna be affected. Maybe his talent will drop after that injury.”


Fang Yuan halted. He instantly understood what had happened.


Wang Da wanted to deal with me and avenge his kin. But after I found the treehouse, I changed course and went towards the wild boar king. Wang Da did not expect this and found Fang Zheng by accident instead. His source of information was those hunters, so he didn’t know that I have a twin brother. He mistook Fang Zheng for me and wanted to kill him, but was stopped by Gu Masters in the area. Right now, the question is — did Wang Da die?


Fang Yuan frowned. Wang Da successfully escaping, Wang Da captured, Wang Da killed — these three possibilities would greatly affect his future plans and actions.


After thinking for a while, Fang Yuan decided to follow his original plan.


•••


The academy elder’s expression was ugly. Fang Zheng had actually been attacked by an assassin.


Without any clues or evidence, he would not be able to guess that Fang Zheng had become Fang Yuan’s scapegoat; his first thoughts would be of Bai Clan and Xiong Clan!


Fang Zheng was the only A grade talent in the Gu Yue Clan in the last three years. The other two clans would naturally not let him grow. Sending an assassin to kill him and prevent him from getting stronger was normal. Even the Gu Yue Clan would do it.


The assassin was killed immediately, but I wonder how Fang Zheng’s injuries are? While the academy elder was thinking, his attendant brought him a piece of paper.


He received the paper, reading absentmindedly. “In this year’s examination, the results are as follows…Gu Yue Chi Cheng: sixteen tusks, Gu Yue Mo Bei: fourteen tusks…”


All the students were listening with their full attention. The results were clear.


D grade students, even if they worked together, could only obtain three to four tusks. B and C grades, at most eight to nine. Those with ten or more tusks were outstanding.


The best was Chi Cheng with sixteen tusks. Next was Mo Bei, and as for Fang Zheng, he had ten.


Chi Cheng looked quite smug. He was lucky this time and encountered two wild boars fighting each other, using the easy reward to pull ahead. Mo Bei was indignant that Chi Cheng had managed to surpass him.


The academy elder continued, “As such, I announce the number one student for this examination is…”


“Wait!” Fang Yuan stepped out at that moment.


“Fang Yuan, you are late. The examination ended an hour ago, so according to the rules, your score will be lowered by four as punishment,” Chi Cheng immediately shouted.


Fang Yuan ignored him and pulled the bag from his back, turning it upside down and dumping the contents on the ground.


Crash.


Dozens of wild boar tusks fell into a pile at his feet.


“What?!” Chi Cheng stared, mouth open.


Everyone’s eyes widened as they gawked at the mound of tusks.


“How can there be so many? This is too much!” The academy elder looked at Fang Yuan in disbelief. “Fang Yuan, did you hunt all these?”


Fang Yuan cupped his fist. “I only hunted a dozen tusks myself, but I found a bag that could’ve been hidden by hunters. Inside it were many wild boar tusks. I thought about it, and the exam was that we had to obtain as many tusks as possible within a day, and did not specify that we had to kill the boars ourselves, so I brought it here.”


Once he finished, the crowd burst into discussion.


“How can this be?”


“Way too lucky!”


“This has to be cheating! Did the contents of the exam leak and he found out?”


The academy elder stared at Fang Yuan for a long moment. Then he declared, “For this exam, Fang Yuan comes in first.”


•••


The atmosphere in the clan head’s discussion hall was heavy.


Gu Yue Bo sat at the head of the table, and the other dozen elders sat in two rows on either side, their faces full of rage.


“Yao Ji, you are the number one healer in our clan. How is Fang Zheng now?” Gu Yue Bo asked a certain elder.


Gu Yue Yao Ji was an old woman with a hunched back, her face wrinkled like tree bark.


She coughed twice, slowly saying, “Sir, the situation has stabilized. Fang Zheng’s life is no longer in danger, but he is still sleeping. His talent did not drop because of this.”


“Good, his talent didn’t drop.” Gu Yue Bo breathed a sigh of relief, then asked the Punishment Hall Elder, “Has the assassin’s situation been assessed?”


The Punishment Hall Elder was not as senior as Yao Ji, so he immediately stood up and bowed his head. “Yes. He was thirty-five years old, male, identity unknown, possibly a demonic path Gu Master. He has two Gu worms, Shadow Follower Gu and Love Life Separation.”


Gu Yue Bo nodded. “Seems like an assassin. Love Life Separation…the number one poison among rank two Gu. No wonder he could kill three of our Gu Masters.”


“Clan head, we have to investigate further! It’s either Bai Clan or Xiong Clan!” Chi Lian shouted, his eyes almost bursting into flames with anger.


“Shadow Follower Gu, Love Life Separation…this is nothing like their usual pawn pieces. He might be an outsider, a demonic path Gu Master wanting to get affiliated with the clans. Perhaps he was instructed to assassinate Fang Zheng to prove his loyalty. Regardless, this matter definitely has to do with the two clans,” Mo Chen said coldly.


Although these two elders did not get along, once an external foe appeared, they would cast aside their grievances and stand united.


Gu Yue Bo nodded, thinking the same himself.


Wang Da had disappeared for three years without a trace. The villagers all thought him to be dead, so his identity became a mystery. The Gu Yue higher-ups did not know any of this. They would not be concerned with a servant’s death. They placed all their attention on the other clans.


At that moment, the academy elder walked in.


“Clan Leader…” He looked worried and was about to speak when Gu Yue Bo preempted his question. “Academy Elder, Fang Zheng is fine, his talent is still A grade.”


The academy elder visibly relaxed.


“Oh yes, are the other students safe? And for this examination, how are their results, and how did Fang Zheng place?” Gu Yue Bo asked casually.


The academy elder answered truthfully, and when he mentioned that Fang Yuan had accidentally picked up a bag of wild boar tusks and got first place, Gu Yue Bo’s eyes gleamed.


The hall, too, went silent. The clan elders seemed to realize something, and subtly observed each other as the originally tense atmosphere shifted.


