Chapter 78: All According to Plan


In the discussion hall, Gu Yue Bo sat expressionlessly at the head of the table. His gaze was full of meaning.


The other dozen or so clan elders all sat upright, looking down at the table. They only used the corners of their eyes to glance around and look for clues in the others’ reactions.


The atmosphere became delicate.


Fang Yuan just happened to find a bag of hidden wild boar tusks and took first place? Bullshit. There’s definitely something greater at play.


Someone must have prepared the bag beforehand, Fang Yuan couldn’t do it himself. Someone is helping him from the shadows.


This year’s mid-year exam is unlike the previous ones. We had to deploy dozens of rank two Gu Masters to watch over the students. This was arranged through the elders at this meeting, all of them would have known the contents of the exam beforehand.


The bag must have been prepared by someone here, perhaps even the clan leader!


The clan elders were all shrewd foxes. After being in politics for so many years, they immediately came to several conclusions.


Fang Zheng was an A grade talent. If he really reached rank four, what did that mean?


He would be the next clan leader!


Fang Yuan was Fang Zheng’s brother. Even if he was only C grade, he was worth investing in!


If Gu Yue Bo helped Fang Yuan secretly, that would bring him into the clan leader’s faction, and it would further tie Fang Zheng to it as well.


On the other hand, the clan elders also had incentive to help Fang Yuan. Fang Zheng, the only A grade talent in years, had already been taken in by the clan leader. If he was really nurtured, the clan leader’s faction would grow even stronger. However, if the clan elders made Fang Yuan into their own, he would be a good chess piece when dealing in Fang Zheng in the future.


Thus, everyone in the hall had a motive to help Fang Yuan.


But who?


Chi Lian was deep in thought. I did not recruit Fang Yuan, so who would help him secretly? Was it that old fox Mo Chen? Hmm, it’s possible. Fang Yuan did kill his family’s servant, but that hardly matters. The clan leader is more likely, though. If he recruited Fang Yuan as well, that would increase his control over Fang Zheng! But…in previous years, the norm was to recruit them during the year-end exam. Taking action this early is breaking the rules.


Mo Chen was also pondering. It’s not exactly breaking the rules, but it really is throwing a curveball. Who exactly thinks more highly of Fang Yuan than me?


After Fang Yuan killed Gao Wan and sent them his minced corpse, Mo Chen’s impression of him had changed, and he had considered recruiting the lad.


But that kind of thing usually happened after the year-end exam, when the students had graduated from the academy.


Fang Yuan being recruited in advance struck Mo Chen by surprise.


Gu Yue Bo’s gaze was focused on Mo Chen and Chi Lian, the two most influential elders.


He had greater insight.


Fang Yuan had blatantly lied and taken first place. Acting so openly meant that it was a signal to everyone else from his backer: I’m protecting Fang Yuan! He belongs to me, you had better not touch him.


Then who was this backer?


There were three major political coalitions in the Gu Yue Clan: the clan leader’s, the Chi family’s, and the Mo family’s.


Gu Yue Bo knew that he had not recruited Fang Yuan. Thus, his greatest suspects were Chi Lian and Mo Chen.


These old foxes have improved their acting. I really can’t tell which of them it was. Don’t tell me it really wasn’t them, but some other small faction?


Gu Yue Bo observed carefully. He did not realize that everyone else was like him, observing, suspecting, and deducing.


The academy elder was also guessing, but he had always maintained a neutral position and stayed out of politics, so his thoughts were simpler. So Fang Yuan has been recruited by a clan elder. No wonder he let go of Fang Zheng, Mo Bei, and Chi Cheng while extorting this week. That means the one who recruited him was either the clan leader, Chi Lian, or Mo Chen. This is good news! It shows that he has accepted reality and has started integrating into the clan. No matter what, he is now a member of the clan, so once he fully integrates, he will contribute his entire life to the clan!


After a short silence, Gu Yue Bo could not see any more clues, so he continued speaking. “An eye for an eye. Since they’ve started targeting Fang Zheng, we will show them that our clan is not to be trifled with! Dark Hall Elder, formulate a plan for this matter and report to me afterwards.”


“Yes, sir,” the Dark Hall Elder immediately nodded.


“As for Gu Yue Fang Zheng, I’m afraid his heart might be damaged from such an encounter. He is an A grade talent, and is of the utmost importance to the clan. From now on, I will teach him personally,” Gu Yue Bo said.


No clan elders objected.


Many of them knew that the clan leader had already begun tutoring Fang Zheng in secret. But in these circumstances, even though it broke convention, they could not stop him from making it official.


“As for Gu Yue Fang Yuan…” Gu Yue Bo trailed off.


At once, the elders focused all their attention on him. Was the clan leader hinting that he was the one helping Fang Yuan secretly?


Gu Yue Bo looked at everyone’s reactions as his gaze swept across them, hoping for clues, but he was destined to be disappointed.


Thus, he could only continue, “With his C grade talent, he managed to get first place. That was not easy. Thus, I will personally reward him with thirty primeval stones. Academy Elder, pass on my words and tell him to continue working hard.”


“Yes, Clan Leader.” The academy elder bowed.


Thirty primeval stones is such an ordinary reward, what does this mean? The clan elders frowned.


No matter who absorbed Fang Yuan, these thirty primeval stones are my expression of goodwill. After all, there are still the other clans. Gu Yue Bo sighed in his heart.


Fang Zheng was nearly assassinated by external foes. Fang Yuan’s cheating was an internal conflict.


Against external foes, one had to use hard-handed methods to retaliate, but for internal conflict, Gu Yue Bo chose to use a soft approach. He would not risk escalating such matters to the point that the clan as a whole was weakened.


“That will be all. Everyone may leave. Please do all your work well, the clan’s prosperity depends on your performances.” Gu Yue Bo waved his hand.


“Yes, Clan Leader, we will take our leave.”


The clan elders left one by one, and after a few breath’s time, only Gu Yue Bo was left in the room.


He sighed deeply, using his fingers to rub his temples.


Even if he was the person with the most authority in the Gu Yue Clan, that did not mean he had it easy. He couldn’t just do whatever he wished, he had to coordinate and mediate between the different factions. Power was spread throughout the clan and had become tangled over many generations. This long and complicated history gave rise to many constraints.


Externally, he had to deal with the rude, arrogant Xiong Clan and the gradually-growing Bai Clan.


Internally, he had to handle the complicated politics of the clan. Although he was middle-aged, his hair had already grown white.


Though I’ve been clan leader for many years, and have had plenty of resources, my cultivation has barely advanced. My heart is weary of all these tiresome clan affairs. Sometimes, I really want to be a lone cultivator, free and easy with no burdens. That would allow me to move faster, and I might go even further down the road of cultivation.


Gu Yue Bo sighed in his heart.


As long as one was in the clan system, they would have responsibilities. Once they had responsibilities, it would not be easy to wholeheartedly cultivate.


But on the other hand, if one was not in the system, the clan’s resources would not be available to them, and without resources, their cultivation would come to a halt.


This formed a contradiction, a weird loop.


It had ruined the futures of countless geniuses.


•••


Wang Da was dead.


Three days later, Fang Yuan got the news.


He also heard from Jiang He that the two young hunters had vanished when hunting in the mountains. As for the hunter whose right arm had been amputated by Fang Yuan, he had “committed suicide” in his home out of depression.


Jiang He had given Fang Yuan a meaningful look when he told him the news. He had seen Wang Da’s corpse and recognized him.


But he did not dare to reveal Wang Da’s true identity.


He was the stationed Gu Master for that area, and held certain responsibilities. As long as one was in the system, regardless of position, they had responsibilities.


Wang Da had been a demonic path cultivator for three years, and Jiang He had never discovered it. If this was ever revealed, his future in the clan would be ruined.


He also covered up the three hunters’ peculiar deaths.


“Fang Yuan, since we’re acquaintances, from now on you get a fifty percent discount when you purchase things from my brother Jiang Ya’s shop!”


Only he and Fang Yuan knew of this matter; everyone else involved was dead. But if it came to light, it would not have a huge impact on Fang Yuan.


He had only killed three villagers. Even if he killed thirty, the clan would not pursue it; at most he would pay a few dozen primeval stones as punishment.


Fang Yuan easily accepted Jiang He’s bribery. This matter was full of surprises and danger, but the result was good.


Fang Yuan, who had no foundation within the clan, received half an ally as well as a non-existent faction supporting him.


This mysterious backer became Fang Yuan’s second safety net. As he began gradually revealing his strength, this safety net would be crucial, and he should be able to cultivate until at least rank two without much opposition.


The effects were already becoming apparent. Recently, he could clearly feel the academy elder’s attitude towards him becoming more amicable.


Over ten days passed in a flash.


After Fang Zheng and Mo Bei advanced, Fang Yuan and Chi Cheng almost simultaneously advanced to rank one upper stage successfully.


Although his extortion continued, he no longer took Fang Zheng, Mo Bei, and Chi Cheng’s primeval stones. He kept himself low-key, while his strength grew many times faster than in his previous life.


