Chapter 79: Breakthrough


Time was like a white steed flashing by, and summer left, replaced with autumn.

Fang Yuan stood once more before the giant boulder blocking the way further into the Flower Wine Monk’s inheritance.

Due to the weather growing colder, he wore a plain and simple garment with long sleeves. But his body was no longer as thin as it had been a few months ago.

His chest, arms, legs, and abdomen all showed obvious muscle.

Rather than the bulging muscles of a bodybuilder, they were lean and streamlined, matching his growing but still youthful physique.

Three days ago, the White Boar Gu stopped supplying me with any increase in strength. That means I already have one boar’s strength, which should be the Flower Wine Monk’s requirement. Today, I shall try pushing this boulder again!

Fang Yuan’s eyes shone as he braced himself against the boulder, his right leg forward and bent, and his left leg stretched out behind him. He took a deep breath and pushed with all his strength.

The large boulder began moving slowly, gradually gaining momentum as it rolled forward.

The tunnel behind the boulder was sloped upwards. It was obvious that the Flower Wine Monk had made this rock round and suitable for rolling to allow the inheritor to use their newfound strength to push it up and out of the way.

Ten steps, twenty steps, thirty steps… Fang Yuan slowly progressed, counting in his heart. Last week, I pushed it forty-five steps before I reached my limit. This time, I wonder how far I can go?

Forty steps, forty-five steps…

Fang Yuan broke his original record, but it was enough for him to feel unbearably tired.

Forty-six steps, forty-seven steps…

Fang Yuan could feel strongly that at this point his stamina was almost gone.

Forty-eight, forty-nine steps…

He mustered all his strength and moved a bit further. Finally, he was at his limit, sweating profusely. Using his shoulder and leg to anchor the rock in place, he took a few deep breaths.

Should I give up? Fang Yuan could not help but think. Giving up and going back down the slope would expend quite a bit of stamina as well. After all, the rock had to roll down and he had to slowly release it in the process.

If he let go and ran, the rock would roll faster and faster. Fang Yuan did not want to get squashed flat.

But after thinking for a moment, Fang Yuan felt indignant. I’ll push it a bit more.

Fiftieth step.

He suddenly felt the weight of the rock recede. It had rolled onto flat ground.

Fang Yuan pushed for a few more steps. After moving around the boulder, he found himself in a secret room.

It was quite similar to the secret cave just beyond the rock crack. He temporarily named it the second secret room.

There was nothing inside. The walls were that strange red soil, softly glowing. On the opposite wall, there was a simple gray rock door, obviously created by the Flower Wine Monk.

Fang Yuan rested for a while, but did not immediately open the rock door afterwards, as he had a new discovery.

He found that the ground before the door was slightly damp.

Don’t tell me… He bent down, stretching out his hands and digging at the soil.

The second Earth Treasury Flower!

Fang Yuan laughed heartily, carefully peeling the flower petals and retrieving the Gu worm slumbering in the golden nectar.

Once he deployed his primeval essence, it was instantly refined.

It was a Jade Skin Gu. It looked like a bedbug, flat and wide with a small head. Its body was oval-shaped, and glowed faintly green.

I was just thinking about where I could get a Jade Skin Gu so I could refine it together with my White Boar Gu into a White Jade Gu. To think that the Flower Wine Monk already prepared it for me.

This was Fang Yuan’s sixth Gu worm.

Although he had five already, none were defensive. Now that he had the Jade Skin Gu, he could cover this weakness.

At times, defense meant offense.

This was not hard to understand. Take, for example, Fang Yuan’s body. Using the White Boar Gu, he had obtained the strength of a boar. Theoretically, with this strength, he could smash a rock in one punch, but he wouldn’t do such a thing.

Because he knew his defense was not sufficient. With one punch, the rock would break, but so would his fist.

Now that he had a Jade Skin Gu, he could use his full strength. Obviously, there were advantages and disadvantages.

The Jade Skin Gu was quite valuable, and one of the best defensive rank one Gu, but it was not easy to feed. It consumed two pieces of jade rock every ten days.

Jade was quite expensive, usually because it was hard to acquire.

Fang Zheng also had a Jade Skin Gu, but he had the clan leader’s backing. If Fang Yuan wanted jade, he would have to buy it, and that could easily expose him.

To feed the White Boar Gu, I have to regularly kill wild boars, and that is already troublesome. With the addition of this Jade Skin Gu, do I have to go digging for jade? Fang Yuan laughed bitterly at the new problem before him.

After placing the Jade Skin Gu in his aperture, Fang Yuan slowly opened the rock door.

It was quite heavy, and if Fang Yuan did not have the White Boar Gu’s boost in strength, he would not be able to move it.

The scene before him made his eyes go wide.

It was no longer a narrow tunnel or a secret room, but a vast underground stone forest.

At first guess, it was over thirty mu[1]! On earth, a standard soccer field was only eleven mu.

I should be inside Qing Mao Mountain now. This underground space should be naturally formed. Fang Yuan looked up at the sides of the cavern.

The walls were over sixteen meters tall. Everything was still made of that same red stone, glowing softly and allowing him to see a good distance.

Massive stalactites hung from the ceiling like inverted, branchless trees, forming the “forest”. Rather than being smooth, they were full of dark, eerie holes. Countless hanging pillars like this were scattered about the cavern.

Nature had its way with things.

Fang Yuan, with his immense knowledge, was not shocked. Instead, he frowned as he stared at the dark holes in the pillars.

He suddenly understood why the Flower Wine Monk had chosen to give him a Jade Skin Gu specifically.

If I am not wrong… Fang Yuan sliced with his hand, throwing out a moonblade.

It flew through the air and landed precisely in one of the dark holes in the nearest pillar.

A shrill, angry shriek came from inside.

With a swoosh, a gray monkey leaped out from the hole towards Fang Yuan.

Pow pow pow.

Fang Yuan shot three moonblades.

The monkey was in midair, but it was extremely agile, whipping around with its tail to spin and flip its body in midair. After avoiding two moonblades, it was finally hit by the third, and it crashed to the floor.

It was dead, but it shed not a single drop of blood.

Instead, its gray body turned to stone, instantly becoming a monkey statue.

The statue’s posture and facial expression were just like the monkey right before it died, a perfect copy. After two breaths of time, the statue’s surface developed a spider web of cracks. Finally, with a boom, it shattered into tiny rock fragments.

It really is an underground colony of jade eye stone monkeys. Fang Yuan knelt down, sweeping the fragments aside and taking out two jade green pearls. They were the monkey’s eyes.

This strange animal would turn into gray rock fragments once dead, and its eyes would turn into two spherical jade pearls. They were quite heavy, at least fifty grams apiece.

This meant that as long as he killed jade eye stone monkeys, the Jade Skin Gu’s food problem would be resolved.

I not only have to feed the Jade Skin Gu, I also have to continue the inheritance. The Flower Wine Monk’s next clue should be hidden in this stone forest.

Fang Yuan frowned. Things had become complicated.

He tried taking a few steps forward, his eyes glued to the nearest stone pillar.

On his seventh step, numerous glowing green eyes could be seen peeking out of the dark holes.

A drop of cold sweat fell from Fang Yuan’s forehead.

He quickly took a step back, and the eyes in the holes faded away.

Evidently, each pair of eyes meant a monkey. Jade eye stone monkeys were terribly agile, and to kill one, Fang Yuan had needed four moonblades.

There must have been at least a hundred in that pillar, and who knew how many there were in the entire forest.

With Fang Yuan’s current strength, he would die from being attacked by four monkeys at once. If he included the Jade Skin Gu’s defense, he could deal with twelve at most.

Thankfully, these monkeys usually slept in their holes and ate rocks. The stone pillar was their home and food. Unless he got within ten meters of them or purposely provoked them, they would not come out.

In Earth terms, they were a bunch of NEETs[2].

* * *

[1]. ~20,000 m2

[2]. NEET – Not in Education, Employment, or Training. A shut-in.

