Chapter 8: Things Remain the Same, but Humans Change


Beside the academy was the Gu storage room. It was not big, only measuring sixty square meters.


In a Gu Master’s cultivation, Gu were the key to strength.


At the end of class, the excited teenagers rushed towards the Gu storage.


“Form a line, enter one by one,” some voices suddenly yelled. Naturally, there were guards outside the storage room. The youths went in one at a time and came out. Finally, it was Fang Yuan’s turn to enter.


The room had a strange layout. The four walls all had cubby holes; in each one of these cubbies were yet more square holes. Each of the holes differed in size, some big and some small. The bigger ones were no bigger than an earthenware cooking pot, the smaller holes no smaller than a fist.


In the many square holes were all kinds of containers — there were gray stone basins, verdant jade dishes, exquisite grass cages, earthen stoves, and more. These containers housed many different kinds of Gu.


Some Gu were silent, while others made a lot of noise, filling the air with their chirping, clucking, and rustling. All these sounds blended together into a symphony of life.


Gu are also divided into nine ranks, following the same concept as the nine ranks of Gu Masters. All the Gu in this room are rank one, Fang Yuan thought, glancing around.


Generally speaking, rank one Gu Masters could only use rank one Gu. It was sometimes possible to use Gu of higher ranks, but the cost tended to be very heavy. In addition, Gu needed to be fed. The cost of feeding higher level Gu was often not something lower ranked Gu Masters could afford. Thus, to Gu Masters who were newcomers, they would always pick a rank one Gu worm as their first unless there were special circumstances.


There was great significance to the first Gu that a Gu Master refined — it would become their vital Gu, bound with them through life and death. If it died, the Gu Master would suffer heavy backlash.


Alas, my original wish was to get my hands on the Flower Wine Monk’s Liquor Worm and refine it as my vital Gu. But right now, there are still no leads on my search for his bones. I don’t even know when I will be able to find them, or if someone else will first. Just to be safe, I’ll pick a Moonlight Gu. Fang Yuan sighed inwardly as he walked straight along the wall on his left.


One of the top layers of the holes in this wall had a row of silver plates. On every plate, there was a Gu.


These Gu were crystalline and shaped like a crescent moon, resembling a piece of blue quartz. Against the backdrop of the silver dish, the Gu gave off a quiet and beautiful aura.


Known as the Moonlight Gu, this variety was the specialty Gu of the Gu Yue Clan, and many of the clansmen would choose it as their vital Gu. The Moonlight Gu was not naturally-occurring; it was a breed that was cultivated with a secret method by the clan. The Moonlight Gu could not be found anywhere else; it could be said that this Gu was the symbol of the Gu Yue Clan.


Since they were all rank one Moonlight Gu, there was very little difference between them. Fang Yuan casually picked one and took it. The crystalline insect was very light, comparable to the weight of a piece of paper, and roughly the size of a common jade pendant. As Fang Yuan took it in his hand, he could see through it to the lines on his palm.


Taking one last look and finding nothing wrong with it, Fang Yuan put the Moonlight Gu into his pocket and walked out of the storage room. Outside, the queue was still quite long. As soon as the next person in line saw Fang Yuan leave, he hurried into the room with excitement.


If it were others, when they got their Gu, the first thing they would do would be to take it home and quickly refine it. But Fang Yuan was not in a hurry to do so, for his mind was still occupied with the Liquor Worm.


The Liquor Worm was more precious compared to the Moonlight Gu. Although the Moonlight Gu was a specialty of Gu Yue Village, it did not help a Gu Master as much as a Liquor Worm.


After he left the Gu storage, Fang Yuan headed straight for the tavern.


“Shopkeeper, two jars of aged wine!” Fang Yuan fished around his pockets and drew out some of his remaining primeval stones, putting them on the counter.


Over the last few days, he would come here and buy wine, then go around the village outskirts and attempt to attract the Liquor Worm. The shopkeeper was a short, fat, middle-aged man with an oily face. He already recognized Fang Yuan as a regular customer.


“Sir, you’ve come.” While he greeted Fang Yuan, he stretched out a short, thick, chubby hand and skillfully swiped away the primeval stone pieces. As he held them in his palm, he shifted his hand up and down and felt that the weight was correct. With this, the shopkeeper’s smile deepened.


Primeval stones were the currency of this world, used to measure the value of all commodities. At the same time, they were also a condensation of the world’s essence, usable on oneself, and were an important aid to a Gu Master’s cultivation.


As it had monetary attributes as well as usable properties, it was similar to gold on Earth. Earth historically had a gold standard system of currency, and in this world it was replaced with primeval stones. Compared to gold, the purchasing power of primeval stones was even more astonishing. However, if Fang Yuan continued spending like this, no matter how many primeval stones he had, it would not be enough.


Two jars of wine everyday, and it has been seven full days already. My initial savings have already almost been spent. Fang Yuan frowned slightly as he walked out of the tavern with his wine jars.


Once someone became a Gu Master, they could extract primeval essence directly from a primeval stone to replenish the primeval sea in their aperture. Thus, to Gu Masters, primeval stones were not just a form of currency, but also a supplement to their cultivation. With sufficient primeval stones, the rate of cultivation could be greatly increased; this could make up for the disadvantages of those with less talent.


I won’t have primeval stones to buy wine anymore tomorrow, yet the Liquor Worm just doesn’t want to appear. Do I really have to take the Moonlight Gu and refine it as my vital Gu? Fang Yuan thought, feeling rather unsatisfied.


As he walked with the two jars in his hands, he started to wonder. The academy elder said the first person who manages to refine their vital Gu will get a reward of twenty primeval stones. Right now, I guess a lot of them are at home trying their best to refine their Gu and compete for first place. A pity that refining Gu is more of a test of one’s talent: those with better talent will have the advantage. With my C grade talent, without any special means, I have absolutely no chance of winning.


At that moment, Fang Zheng called out to him from behind. “Big Brother, you really did go to the tavern and buy alcohol! Follow me, Aunt and Uncle want to see you.”


Fang Yuan stopped in his tracks and turned around. He found his younger brother there, no longer the same as he was before, no longer lowering his head all the time. Now, the two brothers’ eyes met.


A gust of wind blew, lifting up the older brother’s messy, short hair, swishing the lower hem of the younger brother’s robes.


Just a short period of one month had gone by, yet humans could change quickly.


A week after the Awakening Ceremony, a huge change had come upon the older brother and the younger brother. The elder fell from the clouds, the title of genius mercilessly destroyed, and the younger began to bloom with radiance, slowly rising up like a new star.


To Fang Zheng, this sort of change was earthshaking. He finally tasted the feelings that his older brother used to have — the feeling of people pinning their hopes on him, the feeling when people gazed at him with envy. He felt like he was suddenly dragged out from a dark corner and placed into a heaven filled with light. Every day when he woke up, he felt like he was having a very sweet dream. The difference between how he was being treated from before and now was like day and night, making him somewhat unable to believe it was reality, but at the same time it also gave him a feeling of discomfort.


It was hard to adapt.


In a short while, he went from being unknown to being someone who was closely watched. People pointed at him all the time. Sometimes, when Fang Zheng walked on the road, he would hear people talking about him, voices praising him. His face would heat up and he would feel completely at a loss, his eyes would dart around to avoid eye contact, he even almost forgot how to walk properly!


Over the first ten days or so, Fang Zheng became thinner, yet his energy became more vigorous. From the depths of his heart, something called “self-confidence” began to manifest.


This is what Big Brother had always been feeling before, how beautiful and painful at the same time!


He could not stop thinking about his older brother Fang Yuan. Facing such attention and discussion, how did his older brother deal with it?


He subconsciously started to imitate Fang Yuan, pretending to look expressionless all the time, but quickly found that this didn’t suit him. Sometimes during class, a girl’s shout could easily make him blush. Walking about, all the flirting from older women even caused him to flee in a hurry many times.


He was like a toddler learning how to walk, stumbling and falling as he tried to get used to his new life. During this entire process, he was unable to avoid hearing about his older brother — falling into depression, becoming a drunkard, not going home at night, sleeping soundly in class.


He felt very shocked at this. His own older brother, once invincible and hailed as a genius, suddenly becoming like this?!


But slowly, he started to understand a little. His big brother was also a normal person after all. Encountering this kind of setback would send anyone into depression. Along with this understanding, Fang Zheng secretly felt an indescribable happiness inside. This feeling was something he was terribly unwilling to admit, and yet it definitely existed.


His older brother, who was hailed as a genius and always covering him in shadow, was acting so depressed and dispirited. Looking at it in reverse, it was a testimony to his own growth, wasn’t it?


He was the outstanding one, that was the real truth!


Hence, when he saw Fang Yuan holding the wine jars, his hair messy and clothes untidy, Fang Zheng secretly felt relieved and his breathing became easier. And yet he said, “Big brother, you have to stop drinking, you cannot go on like this! You have no idea how worried the people who care about you are, you need to wake up!”


Fang Yuan was emotionless; he did not reply. The two brothers gazed at each other.


The younger brother’s eyes were shining, giving off a sharp and keen feel. And the older brother’s were a deep black, faintly resembling a deep and ancient pool. Staring into those eyes, Fang Zheng could not help but feel a strange oppression. Not long after, he subconsciously turned away and looked somewhere else.


But when he realized it, he felt a sudden stir of anger. It was directed at himself.


What’s wrong with you? Can’t even muster the courage to look directly at your big brother?


I’ve changed, I’ve completely changed!


With these thoughts, his eyes regained their sharpness and he shot his gaze at his brother again. But Fang Yuan was already not looking at him. Holding a jar of wine in each hand, he walked past Fang Zheng and said in a dull voice, “What are you gawking at? Let’s go.”


Fang Zheng’s breathing became disoriented, the strength that had accumulated inside his heart suddenly left without release. He felt a depression that was hard to describe.


Seeing that his older brother had walked far ahead, he could only quicken his pace to catch up. But this time his head was no longer raised to meet the setting sun. His gaze was fixed on his own feet, stepping on his older brother’s shadow.


