Chapter 80: A Surge in Battle Strength


The autumn wind rustled through the air, while the red leaves drifted aimlessly.


The wild grass had yellowed and dried out, and brilliant red and orange wild fruits hung from the tree branches.


“Hurrumph!” A black wild boar rushed madly forward, hackles raised.


A thick layer of fallen leaves covered the mountain.


As the wild boar rushed forward, it stirred up a gust of wind, and the fallen leaves were sent dancing behind it.


Fang Yuan silently stood there, his face cold and calculating, as the wild boar got closer.


Kill!


He took a huge stride forward and planted his legs, facing the wild boar head on.


The wild boar’s snow-white tusks tore through the air with overwhelming killing intent.


Fang Yuan turned his body to avoid the tusks, lowering his shoulder to meet the wild boar’s skull.


When they were about to collide, Fang Yuan’s shoulder shone with a faint green light.


Jade Skin Gu!


Boom.


With a loud crash, the two collided.


Fang Yuan took three steps back, while the wild boar took only one.


To be fair, while Fang Yuan was stronger, he used two legs to brace himself. The wild boar, on the other hand, used four to propel itself, and its center of gravity was lower and more stable than his.


However, after being struck harshly on the head, although the wild boar was still standing, its fat body was already wavering.


With a roar, Fang Yuan rushed up again, his left hand grabbing one of its tusks, his right fist raised high in the air, enveloped in a thin layer of jade light.


Bam.


He slammed his fist down, and the wild boar screamed in pain as it struggled intensely.


Fang Yuan’s left arm muscles tensed, veins popping out like centipedes encircling his arm, as he restrained the wild boar with all his strength.


His right fist continued to rain down blows on the boar.


Bam bam bam.


Every time he struck its head, his fist flashed with green light.


The wild boar was being smashed to oblivion by the fist, and its struggles became weaker.


Last strike! Fang Yuan’s eyes glowed like lightning. He stretched his upper body, raising his right arm as high as he could, before smashing down at full force.


His arm left a glowing green afterimage in the air.


Bam.


Using the force of his entire body, and even dropping down to one knee, he brought down his elbow in a mighty strike as he shattered the boar’s skull. It did not even manage to let out a cry.


Its entire head deformed, bits of broken white skull piercing through its black skin, exposed to the air. Fresh blood and brain matter dripped out, staining the leaves red.


The autumn wind blew.


Leaves flew about as the air was filled with the scent of blood.


“Life, as splendid as the flowers of summer. Death, as delicate as the leaves of autumn,” Fang Yuan muttered, appreciating the scene.


The survivor lived in glory while the dead were lonely and pitiful.


Life and death in intense contrast, reflecting nature’s cruelty and the excitement of life.


No matter the world, the victor wins all the fame, while the loser suffers defeat and loneliness. Victory and loss, to me, means life and death. Because I walk the demonic path, once I lose, it means death awaits.


Fang Yuan sat near the corpse and let the White Boar Gu consume the meat while his consciousness entered his aperture.


Within it, the black green primeval sea turned and crashed, ebbed and flowed.


When his primeval sea was full, it occupied 44% of the whole aperture. During the intense battle, Fang Yuan had used the Jade Skin Gu multiple times to raise his defense, and some primeval essence was expended. Thus, only 36% remained.


He had only used 8% of his total, but because it was rank one peak stage black green primeval essence, it could be considered quite a lot.


Rank one initial stage had jade green primeval essence.


Rank one middle stage had pale green primeval essence.


Rank one upper stage had dark green primeval essence.


Rank one peak stage had black green primeval essence.


As it progressed through the stages, primeval essence became more concentrated. While the Moonlight Gu used 10% jade green primeval essence for a moonblade, it only required 5% pale green primeval essence. This cost halved once more for dark green, and again for black green.


That is to say, 10% black green primeval essence was equivalent to 20% dark green, 40% pale green, and 80% jade green primeval essence.


Using the Jade Skin Gu in this battle had cost 8% black green primeval essence. If converted to initial stage primeval essence, it would be 64%!


If Fang Yuan was still at initial stage, he would have run out of primeval essence halfway through the fight.


The higher the Gu Master’s cultivation, the stronger their battle strength, and nothing shows this better than their primeval essence. The higher the stage, the darker its color, and the more potent it is. My black green primeval essence was refined using the Liquor Worm, unlike Fang Zheng, who has already achieved peak stage.


Time flew, and it was already late autumn.


Two months had passed since Wang Da’s attempted assassination.


Fang Zheng was poisoned and fell into a coma for seven days and seven nights. Once he woke up, he was like a changed man, throwing himself into his studies and cultivation. Some people said that difficulties in life were wealth just like gold.


Regardless of whether this saying was correct, Fang Zheng did learn a lot from the incident. He was like rough jade that had undergone polishing, revealing the beautiful gemstone beneath the surface.


He had been the first to advance to upper stage, and not long ago, he was the first to advance to peak stage, leaving his classmates in the dust. The advantages of A grade talent had finally started showing.


I am not far from peak stage either, at most half a month. In fact, I have been nurturing my aperture every day whenever I can, but a C grade talent really cannot compete with A and B grades. And there is another reason… Fang Yuan laughed bitterly without a sound.


Every few days, he would have to kill jade eye stone monkeys to feed the Jade Skin Gu. At the same time, he had to search the stone forest to find the next clue in the Flower Wine Monk’s inheritance.


The stone forest’s terrain was quite complex, and if Fang Yuan was not careful and got too close to a pillar, the stone monkeys inside would attack him.


A few times, he had been chased by dozens of stone monkeys and had to flee. Once, when he was retreating, he stepped into another pillar’s territory, and ended up having over a hundred monkeys in pursuit.


Luckily, these monkeys were sedentary, and they would never chase him too far. After a short distance, they would return to their homes and continue their shut-in lives.


Even so, Fang Yuan was on the brink of death several times. At such moments, the Jade Skin Gu’s defense was put to good use.


This process of investigation and exploration took a lot of time and effort, and was the main reason why his cultivation was advancing so slowly.


Even so, this is far better than my previous life. The stone forest exploration is not without results either. At least I already know that there’s nothing along the walls around the outside. That means the next clue should be hidden somewhere within the forest itself.


While Fang Yuan was thinking, a shadow suddenly stepped out of the mountain forest, slowly approaching.


It was a wandering old wolf.


It had a brown fur coat, a limp, and its right eye was damaged, but its left still shone with danger and alertness.


It stared at Fang Yuan, its nose twitching. Wolves and dogs were the same, relying on their keen sense of smell. It must have been attracted by the boar’s blood.


Wolves often traveled in packs, but there were also lone wolves like this. There was competition in wolf packs as well, and to maintain the health of the pack, they would sometimes drive out crippled old wolves like this one.


Fang Yuan quickly stood up and silently looked at this old wolf.


When he had first started killing wild boars, the battles would drain most of his primeval essence, leaving him little strength for further fighting. When he encountered other beasts, he would avoid them.


But in the last couple of months, his battle strength had increased tremendously, and with the Jade Skin Gu, he was more than a match for a crippled wolf.


A mountain covered in endless trees, their leaves red with the taste of autumn.


The setting sun cast its light upon the forest.


A man and a wolf observed each other silently, fifty paces apart.


The wolf’s eye shone green with cruelty and animal cunning. Fang Yuan’s eyes, in contrast, were dark and eerie, the black irises deep and cold.


The White Boar Gu finished its meal and returned to Fang Yuan’s aperture.


The old wolf glanced at the boar corpse. It was nothing but skin and bones now.


The light in the wolf’s eye dimmed. It slowly backed off before jumping into the bushes.


That the wolf was still alive until today showed its intelligence. It sensed Fang Yuan’s danger and decided to retreat.


As quickly as it came, it vanished.


Without any crashing about like a wild boar, and without any roaring like a tiger.


The battle had started and ended without a sound.


Under the theme of life and death, nature truly brings great excitement. Fang Yuan did not give chase. The wolf didn’t have anything worth Fang Yuan’s time.


Aiiee!


But soon, the old wolf let out a miserable howl.


As soon as it occurred, it abruptly stopped. The thick aura of death overflowed from the forest.


Crack crack.


From the bushes, the sounds of branches snapping echoed.


There was no hesitation as the sounds approached, causing Fang Yuan’s pupils to shrink.


Able to get rid of that clever old wolf in a second… His gaze became colder.


