Chapter 806: Outcome Concluded, Turning Around and Leaving!


Dong Fang Chang Fan’s recollection continued.


…


The heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity slowly ended.


He was covered in injuries.


Dong Fang tribe’s newly advanced Gu Immortal was paying respects to him in the air: “Thank you for your assistance, first supreme elder!”


He himself was stroking his beard: “Hehehe, that you can advance to Gu Immortal is my greatest wish, now, our Dong Fang tribe has strengthened again!”


…


The battle ended in defeat, the righteous path Gu Immortals were sighing to themselves.


“Oh, Dong Fang tribe cannot be suppressed.”


“Fighting alone against five, he really did it!”


“This wisdom path killer move will definitely become renowned in Northern Plains, what is this move?”




Starlight filled the sky, it was shining in brilliance, he stood in the air proudly as he laughed: “This move is called myriad star fireflies.”


…


“Oh? You killed a disciple of my sect, Immortal Crane Sect, but you want to cooperate with us?”


“Hehehe, in this world, there are only eternal benefits, there are no eternal enemies or friends. I have found out a thing or two about the arrangements that you in Central Continent have been planning in Northern Plains. Dong Fang tribe is being ostracized by the righteous path, to turn this situation around, how can a single Gu Immortal like me succeed? My aspiration is to promote my tribe and bring glory to our name. I am certain that you can sense my sincerity.” He said calmly.


“Hmph, you are just a poor Gu Immortal, on what basis can you cooperate with Immortal Crane Sect?”


“I have a lifespan extension method for Gu Immortals, it is named possession, and it was created by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.”


“What? Is that true?”


…


Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, true inheritance secluded domain.


He was coughing blood, escaping pathetically among the array of flying true inheritance meteors, it was like a web of death.




But in the end, even after all his scheming, he did not get what he wanted, he smiled bitterly: “Forget it, I cannot force this anymore, I will choose you.”


…


When he was young.


“Spare me!” The opponent who brought him shame was kneeling on the ground, begging for mercy.


“You should not be like this.” He shook his head slowly, sighing.


“I was blind, I was too daring, please spare me, please spare me, young master Dong Fang!” His opponent sprawled on the ground, begging pitifully.


“If your attitude was more firm, and you were unmoved in the face of death, I would definitely have spared your dog life. But now!” He attacked abruptly, dealing a fatal blow!


The head flew up and landed on the ground, it rolled for a short distance.


Dying with a lingering grievance.


He turned around and left: “Too disappointing, why did I lose to a person like you back then?”


…


And also, that fortuitous encounter.


“Young man, what is your name?” The old beggar asked warmly, his hair was purple and messy, it was like uncut grass.


“Dong Fang Chang Fan.” He said.


“Chang Fan… this name is very incompatible with you.” The purple haired beggar’s eyes were dark like the abyss, he could see his own shadow from within them.


The beggar looked at him for a while before saying: “You are a good child, I will pass my most important inheritance to you. I believe that without any unexpected surprises, you will definitely make a name for yourself.”


…


Dong Fang tribe, Meng tribe, and Gong tribe, these three super forces had gathered for a fighting competition.


He was kneeling on the ground, in utter defeat.


His opponent mocked him: “Hahaha, Dong Fang Guang Yao, you want to bring honor to your tribe? Your Dong Fang tribe is going to be history! You only have one dying old Gu Immortal left. In some years, your Dong Fang tribe will be kicked out from the ranks of super forces. This is good too, as someone who shares the same bloodline of Giant Sun as you, I feel deeply ashamed for all of you.”


“You!!” He was staring with wide opened eyes, he struggled to get up.


Under everyone’s gazes, his opponent walked up and stepped on his head in the arena.


“Hahaha, Dong Fang Guang Yao, according to the rules of our battle, you have to promise me one thing! Hmm… I really hate your name, it does not suit you. I’ll give you a new name, for the rest of your life, you will use this name. Let’s go with Dong Fang Chang Fan! Hehehe, this suits you better.” His opponent said in a mocking tone.


He clenched his fists, his eyes were bright red, anger was exploding in his body, almost bursting his blood vessels.


But he was too weak.


“Okay… from today onwards, I will change my name to Dong Fang Chang Fan.” He squeezed these words out reluctantly.


“Hahaha, obedient, good! Did everyone hear that? From now on, he will be called Dong Fang Chang Fan!” His opponent raised his feet and walked away.


He was sprawled on the ground, his injuries were severe, he could not move.


But in his heart, he screamed — “I!”


“Even if I change my name to Dong Fang Chang Fan!!”


“I will become extraordinary, I will be able to move freely and unhindered over the world, I will manipulate the masses!!!”


“I swear, I will definitely take revenge for this with my own hands, in this life, I will lead Dong Fang tribe back to its glorious days. This is my aspiration, the aspiration of Dong Fang Chang Fan, heaven and earth can bear witness to it!!!!”


…


The nine wills that were engulfed experienced Dong Fang Chang Fan’s entire life in this instant. At once, they understood Dong Fang Chang Fan, they understood that deep within his heart, he was greatly anguished by the death of his tribesmen, from the loss of Jade Pool blessed land.


“This man…”


“Dong Fang Chang Fan!”


“Even if we are enemies, I must say this — incredible!”


“Fine, to lose to a person like this, it is not a dishonor.”


“Dong Fang tribe, in your hands, maybe it would rise up again!”


“Master…”


The nine wills conceded, some faded, even if some still resisted, they were engulfed by Dong Fang Chang Fan’s will.


“My name may be Dong Fang Chang Fan, but in this life, I refuse to be ordinary!”


“If a tree collapses, I will plant a new one.”


“Everyone, give me time.”


“I swear, I will definitely take revenge for this with my own hands, in this life, I will lead Dong Fang tribe back to its glorious days. This is my aspiration, the aspiration of Dong Fang Chang Fan, heaven and earth can bear witness to it!!!!”


This will’s voice sounded like a clap of thunder from the outside world.


Under this will, the nine wills collapsed, they no longer resisted him, they vanished into nothingness.


The battle of wills was extremely perilous, but he won in the end!


Dong Fang Chang Fan opened his eyes slowly, they were flickering with countless crystal lights.


“Eh?” His eyes opened wide, he realized that out of nowhere, a black robed Gu Immortal was in front of him!


It was Fang Yuan.


“How did you find me?” Dong Fang Chang Fan calmed down, although he seemed exhausted, he was extremely calm, it was as if he still had some sort of trump card.


Fang Yuan chuckled: “I guessed it, I chased after your split shadow and lost you. Just when I was about to leave, I had a thought, earlier when you killed Qie Shi Min, the situation was too strange. After checking the traces, I realized that you had dug an underground cavern not far away and hid here. It was all luck.”


“This is not luck.” Dong Fang Chang Fan shook his head slowly: “My immortal killer move could create thirty split shadows, but they did not waste much of your time. I purposely left Qie Shi Min’s corpse alone and intentionally let his Immortal Gu fly away, the traces were obvious but you did not go after them. The most dangerous place is the safest place. Above this cavern, there is an ordinary pink flower rabbit den, but that did not deceive you. Your intelligence is far scarier than your strength. It is really strange, why did you cultivate strength path instead of wisdom path?”


Fang Yuan’s lips twitched: “Heh, are these the final words of praise from a dying person?”


Dong Fang Chang Fan shook his head again, he smiled faintly: “It is a pity, a pity that you came slightly late. If you were earlier, even by a few breaths’ time, I would still be in the battle of wills, it would be extremely dangerous and I would not have time to resist you. But now…”


Dong Fang Chang Fan dragged out his words, he showed immense confidence in his expression.


“As expected of the number one wisdom path immortal in Northern Plains!” Fang Yuan saw this and praised.


His tone was calm, there was no killing intent as he said warmly, like he was talking to a good friend: “Man proposes, heaven disposes, if this method fails, I will leave immediately and acknowledge your superior strength, retreating from you in the future should we meet again.”


Saying so, he took out a person from his immortal aperture.


This was a young girl.


Having a delicate body and watery eyes, she wore a light yellow dress, she looked extremely gentle.


This was Dong Fang Qing Yu.


When Fang Yuan used the strength path giant hands to capture Dong Fang tribesmen, he unexpectedly found her, secretly keeping her in his immortal aperture.


Seeing this girl, Dong Fang Chang Fan’s expression changed.


In an instant, even this body started reacting!


The will in the body that was nearly dispersed became firm as ever, it rose up and instantly regained control.


“Sister!” He shouted.


But soon, even though it was just a breath’s time, Dong Fang Yu Liang’s will was suppressed again, Dong Fang Chang Fan regained control, his eyes were spewing fire as he looked at Fang Yuan with much anger.


Fang Yuan laughed heartily, he assessed the situation as he said: “Dong Fang Yu Liang, your sister is in my hands, watch closely.”


Saying so, he stretched out his monstrous zombie hand and grabbed at the young girl’s left shoulder, pulling.


Crack!


Dong Fang Qing Yu’s body shook, before she let out a shrill scream.


Her entire left arm was ripped off, the huge wound was spewing blood.


Dong Fang Chang Fan’s pupils shrunk until they were pin sized, he shouted angrily: “Damn it…”


Before he finished his words, he lost control again, Dong Fang Yu Liang emerged.


“Sister!! I will kill you, you dare to harm her, you actually dare to harm her!!!” Dong Fang Yu Liang screamed intensely, he had gone into madness, tears were bursting out from his eyes.


“Good, this is how it should be.” Fang Yuan laughed sinisterly, the strength path giant hand flew out.


The giant hand was about to grab Dong Fang Yu Liang, when a light pillar burst out from his body.


The light pillar stopped the strength path giant hand, Dong Fang Chang Fan screamed with much fear and anger: “A grand Gu Immortal going as far as to do this to a mortal, you are so despicable…”


Fang Yuan raised his head and laughed, his monstrous claw impacted.


With a loud sound, he pressed Dong Fang Qing Yu’s head into her chest completely!


“Sister!!!” Dong Fang Yu Liang screamed at the top of his lungs, this was the most cruel blow he had ever suffered in his life.


Dong Fang Chang Fan lost control, the defensive light pillar scattered.


Boom!


Fang Yuan grabbed with his hand, and Dong Fang Yu Liang’s body was smashed into meat paste.


Dong Fang Chang Fan’s soul wanted to escape, but he had just gone through an intense battle, his soul was severely weakened, how could he escape?


Fang Yuan easily caught him.


The inheritance of the number one wisdom path immortal in Northern Plains was obtained!


An intense shock wave burst out, once the Gu Immortal died, the immortal aperture would land on the ground, forming an ownerless blessed land.


Fang Yuan had expected this, he used his methods and concealed this shock wave to the best of his ability.


He squinted as he watched the blessed land form, he did not intrude it forcefully.


When the blessed land was placed down completely, Fang Yuan let out a breath of turbid air, as he gave it a deep glance before turning around and leaving.




