Chapter 81: Rank Two Initial Stage!


The footsteps drew closer, and soon the dark green trees at the side of the slope were forcefully separated. A tall man stepped into view.


He had short, straight black hair. The upper half of his body was bare. He had a large and thick build, and his skin was bright red.


He was almost two meters tall, and in the cold autumn air, it seemed as though his every breath was raising the temperature of his surroundings.


From his waist hung the corpses of wild beasts. There were foxes, wild rabbits, chickens, and the old wolf that had left moments ago.


Seeing Fang Yuan, he was slightly shocked, but quickly collected himself and walked past with large strides.


Gu Yue Chi Shan. As he watched the massive man’s back shrinking into the distance, Fang Yuan recalled his name.


He was a representative of the Chi faction and had rank two upper stage cultivation. His life bore some resemblance to Fang Yuan’s.


Chi Shan was also renowned from a young age, but for his great strength. At ten, he accidentally beat a family servant to death, and at twelve, he could lift a heavy millstone and play with it like a frisbee.


The clan had great expectations of him, but during the Awakening Ceremony, he was found to be only B grade.


Originally, he had an wild and untamable nature and looked down on everyone, but this experience changed him, and he matured. Even with B grade talent, he was the top student in his class.


After a year of studying, he graduated from the academy and fought his way to the top. Now, several years later, he had already become an elite among the clan’s rank two Gu Masters.


Happiness could not teach a person life’s true meaning, only pain and suffering could.


In the clan, one attends the Awakening Ceremony at fifteen and enters the academy. At sixteen, they graduate from the academy, form a five person group, complete the clan’s missions, and inherit the family fortune. From sixteen, they will fight and compete while continually raising their cultivation. As the missions get more dangerous, their status will also increase. Some die and some live. Some suffer injuries, their cultivation drops, and they live plain lives thereafter. Some, after much hardship, reach rank three and become clan elders, part of the upper echelons.


The more a Gu Master cultivated, the harder it became, and advancing was even more difficult. Coupled with a dangerous and tough living environment, almost no one could reach rank three.


Speaking of which, it is almost winter. That means I’ve spent almost a year at the academy. The year-end exam is approaching, and unlike the mid-year exam, it is always the same: duels in the arena. After the exam, I can no longer stay in the dormitories, I have to move out.


Move out, but stay where?


Fang Yuan could not live with his aunt and uncle. That was what they wanted.


In this world, turning sixteen meant becoming an adult, the age to start a family. In addition, he had too many secrets. He needed to live independently.


In my previous life, I was only rank one middle stage when I graduated. This time, the situation is much better, I’ll be rank one peak stage by then. Coming this far with only C grade talent is quite an achievement, even though it cost so many primeval stones.


Fang Yuan frowned. He did not have many primeval stones left.


Restricted by his talent, he had spent far more primeval stones for his cultivation than Fang Zheng, Chi Cheng, or Mo Bei.


He was raising six Gu worms by himself!


Furthermore, the Liquor Worm’s refinement, nurturing his aperture, using the White Boar Gu to increase his strength — these all required primeval essence. And once it was depleted, he could not rely on his C grade natural recovery speed, so he could only use primeval stones to replenish it.


Luckily, he had the Spring Autumn Cicada, and two of his Gu were obtained from Earth Treasury Flowers, so refining Gu worms did not expend many primeval stones. That made him feel slightly better.


But once he left the academy, he would need to rent a house and purchase some necessities.


After peak stage, his next goal was to push to rank two. That would expend a lot of primeval stones.


After rank two, he still had to combine and advance his Gu worms, and each attempt was a hefty additional cost.


With all of this in consideration, he understood clearly that his finances were in trouble. Furthermore, he still had to feed his Gu worms and continue cultivating.


If it wasn’t for the mid-year exam, where the school had offered a lot of primeval stones for boar tusks, he would not have survived until now.


Primeval stones, primeval stones…the Flower Wine Monk did not leave any primeval stones in his inheritance, what a shame. Extorting my classmates is still my most important source of income. Once everyone graduates, I will lose it. But if I get first in the year-end exam, I will get a hundred primeval stones as reward.


If he could get first place, it would alleviate his financial difficulties for a while.


•••


Time flew. Autumn left and winter came.


In the martial arts practice grounds, three stages had already been built.


Beside the stages, near the bamboo walls of the practice grounds, there were tents, long tables, and chairs.


The academy elder, clan leader, and a few other clan elders were sitting beneath the tent canopy.


It was snowing lightly.


Fifty-seven students stood at attention in the practice grounds. Their noses were bright red from the cold, and their breath left steam in the air.


The academy elder was speaking loudly. “In a flash, a year has ended. During this year, you were trained at the academy and have started to grasp the qualities of a Gu Master. Tomorrow, we will have the year-end examination to test the fruits of your hard work! Not only will the clan leader and clan elders come personally to watch, your family elders and seniors will also come and observe to pick excellent students to join their teams.


“Your performance tomorrow will, to a large extent, affect your future. If you achieve first place, not only will you get a hundred primeval stones, but you also get to be the first to pick your final Gu worm from the academy! Now, let us begin the final cultivation check in your academic life!”


Once he had finished, the academy elder nodded to a middle-aged female Gu Master beside him.


She nodded in return and called out the name from a list in her hand. “Gu Yue Jin Zhu!”


A young girl walked towards the Gu Master with a nervous expression.


The Gu Master stretched out her hand, touching the young girl’s abdomen. She closed her eyes, then opened them and declared, “Gu Yue Jin Zhu, rank one middle stage. Next, Gu Yue Peng.”


One after another, youngsters went up to be examined. Then they walked back down and returned to the group.


Their expressions varied: some were happy, while others were upset.


The worst result was naturally rank one initial stage, all of whom were D grade.


A large number of the students were rank one middle stage, a few of which were B grade, but most were C grade.


“Gu Yue Chi Cheng.” The middle-aged female Gu Master called.


Chi Cheng, the shortest among the students, puffed out his chest and stepped forward.


After checking, the female Gu Master opened her eyes. “Gu Yue Chi Cheng, rank one peak stage!”


This was the first rank one peak stage Gu Master.


The clan elders present turned their heads.


Some elders recognized him. “This is Chi Lian’s grandson, a B grade talent, no wonder.”


Outside the tent, the youngsters also commented.


“Chi Cheng is rank one peak stage, I wonder if Mo Bei is too? They are rivals after all.”


“Being able to advance to peak stage, they are all A and B grades. The rest of us can only envy them.”


“Hmph!” Mo Bei snorted, annoyed at Chi Cheng’s proud expression.


Fang Zheng clenched his fists, lips tightly shut, as if he was stifling his emotions.


Soon, the examiner called, “Gu Yue Mo Bei.”


The horse-faced Mo Bei quickly walked out.


“Gu Yue Mo Bei, rank one peak stage.” With this declaration, he walked back and stared defiantly at Chi Cheng.


The examination continued, and the snow gradually stopped falling.


The chilly air was rather refreshing.


“Gu Yue Fang Yuan.” The middle-aged female Gu Master called.


Fang Yuan walked up expressionlessly.


Soon after, she opened her eyes and looked at Fang Yuan in shock before declaring, “Gu Yue Fang Yuan, rank one peak stage!”


“Rank one peak stage, did I hear it wrong? Fang Yuan cultivated to this level?” The youngsters were shocked.


“He’s just lucky to have a Liquor Worm. Even against the A and B grades, he isn’t at a disadvantage,” some youngsters said with envy.


Some of the C grades sourly consoled themselves. “This isn’t much. The Liquor Worm cannot refine rank two primeval essence.”


Even if he is peak stage, he is still a C grade, this is of no concern to us. Mo Bei and Chi Cheng stared at Fang Yuan, but quickly turned their attention to Fang Zheng, who was still waiting for his turn.


In their hearts, only the A grade talent Fang Zheng was a competitor.


Brother, you’ve caught me by surprise. But from now on, watch carefully… Fang Zheng looked at Fang Yuan walking down, his eyes shining with anticipation.


“Gu Yue Fang Zheng,” the female Gu Master finally said.


“The A grade talent?” The clan elders focused their attention on him.


Fang Zheng walked out from the crowd. He could feel the pressure of everyone’s eyes on him, making him slightly nervous.


But when he saw the clan leader Gu Yue Bo’s smile, the nervousness melted away.


He walked in front of the female Gu Master.


She shut her eyes, and then they snapped open as she said in shock, “Gu Yue Fang Zheng, cultivation level — rank two initial stage!”


Boom.


The youngsters erupted into a commotion.


“What, he reached rank two?!”


“As expected of the A grade talent genius.”


“Incredible, he left Mo Bei, Chi Cheng, and Fang Yuan in the dust.”


At once, Mo Bei and Chi Cheng stared at Fang Zheng in shock.


Hehehe, actually higher than in my previous life… Fang Yuan’s eyes narrowed as he laughed. He was not surprised: after observing Fang Zheng’s expression earlier, he could easily guess the result.


“A grade talent after all.”


“The hope of our clan.”


“This is all due to the clan leader’s nurturing…”


The clan elders erupted in praise.


All at once, Fang Zheng became the center of attention.


Half a year ago, Gu Yue Bo had given him a Jade Skin Gu and asked him to be the first person to advance to rank two. He did it!


Clan Leader, I did not disappoint you, I did it! From now on, I will achieve even more, I will earn the approval of the clan elders and the people around me. Brother, I’ve left you behind, you are no longer a shadow in my heart. I, Gu Yue Fang Zheng, am no longer the same person as I was before!


Fang Zheng yelled in his heart as his eyes shone brilliantly.


This brilliance was called confidence!


