Chapter 82: Start of the Year-End Examination


After the snowstorm passed, the sun shone brightly.


Gu Masters streamed into the academy in the morning.


“The annual year-end exam has begun again. It’s been over a decade since I graduated. Hehehe, I wonder if I will see something special happen again as it did during my final exam.” A middle-aged Gu Master with long green hair cascading down his back stood outside the academy, reminiscing.


“Captain, stop being sentimental and go in,” said the young female Gu Master beside him. She stood with her hands in her pockets, her blood-red lips nursing a stem of grass, and she rolled her eyes at him.


“Hehehe, Yao Hong, don’t rush. It doesn’t matter if we go in right away. Since the clan leader arranged it already, our new members were decided long ago,” the green-haired Gu Master laughed.


“The A grade talent Fang Zheng?” Yao Hong clicked her tongue unhappily. “The clan leader wants us to babysit him!”


“But this babysitting mission is not easy to accomplish,” the green-haired Gu Master sighed. “Nevermind, let’s go in.”


As time passed, more and more Gu Masters entered the academy doors and made their way to the practice grounds.


Male and female Gu Masters of all ages and backgrounds were in attendance.


After graduating, Gu Masters would form small teams to complete clan missions. The Gu Masters that came to the arena were all representatives of their groups, assessing the performance of the students and absorbing them into their own teams.


For the teams, they were injecting fresh blood and expanding.


For the newly-joined members, under the guidance and teaching of their seniors, they could swiftly adapt to the new environment and more effectively complete missions, reducing casualties.


The sun gradually rose as the students filed into the practice grounds.


“So many people today.”


“Look, that is Lord Qing Shu. He’s the best among the clan’s rank two Gu Masters, known for his mild and amiable temper,” one of them exclaimed, pointing at the green-haired male Gu Master.


“Senior Chi Shan is here too.”


“That is the Mo family’s miss Mo Yan!”


Qing Shu, Chi Shan, and Mo Yan were rising stars in the clan, known by all the students.


“Their teams are too hard to join. I am only D grade, and my vital Gu is a Gentle Silk Spider, I am meant to be in logistics,” one youngster sighed, then turned to his friend. “You?”


“Oh, I got it settled through my family. The godson of my uncle’s cousin’s sister.”


•••


As the students observed the Gu Masters, Qing Shu, Chi Shan, and Mo Yan also observed the students.


“Oh? There are two Fang Zhengs,” Yao Hong blurted out as she saw Fang Yuan and Fang Zheng.


The green-haired male Gu Master, Qing Shu, sighed helplessly. “Didn’t you read the report I gave you yesterday? Fang Zheng has a twin brother. They’re almost identical, but his brother is only C grade.”


“Oh, so that’s the case. If I remember right, the one who made poems when he was young was Fang Yuan? Are we recruiting him too?” Yao Hong patted her forehead with her palm as she said whatever came to mind.


Qing Shu shook his head. “The clan leader specifically mentioned not to recruit him. It seems he wants to observe something. Those two don’t have a good relationship anyway. Even if we tried, Fang Yuan probably wouldn’t join.”


Yao Hong did not think much of it, muttering, “Among all the teams, we’re known as the best. Joining us means a bright future, any student would be interested. How could he be unwilling?”


Qing Shu laughed lightly. “That’s because you don’t know him. Now read the report I gave you.”


At that moment, the clan leader Gu Yue Bo entered, along with the two most powerful elders, Chi Lian and Mo Chen. They settled into their seats under the tent canopy.


“Not only the clan leader, but also Lord Chi Lian and Lord Mo Chen are attending this year.”


Seeing this, not just the students, even the Gu Masters were excited. This hadn’t happened in previous years.


“It’s nothing strange, Chi Lian and Mo Chen’s grandsons are both in this year’s class.”


“Fang Zheng is the clan leader’s successor, our hope to match Bai Ning Bing. The clan leader naturally has to observe carefully.”


Discussions abounded among the attendees.


Perform well, Brother. Mo Yan looked at Mo Bei among the crowd of students, silently praying in her heart. Her group was the largest. Thus, there were a bunch of Gu Masters around her, lending her an imposing aura.


As for her most intense rival, Chi Shan from the Chi faction, he was standing alone. His enormous red-skinned figure towered above the sea of people, needing nothing else to stand out.


After glancing at Chi Cheng, Chi Shan retracted his gaze.


After a brief speech from the clan leader, the year-end exam began.


The three stages held fights at the same time.


All at once, the noise of shouts, the slicing of moonblades through the air, the impacts of punches and kicks, and the discussions of the Gu Masters observing the stages fused together into one big cacophony.


“This class’s martial arts are pretty good,” Yao Hong commented after a short while.


“Hehehe, all thanks to Fang Yuan,” Qing Shu laughed.


“What do you mean?” Yao Hong did not understand.


Qing Shu explained to her.


After listening, Yao Hong exclaimed in shock, “This lad is really daring, almost to the point of fearlessness. Hehehe, bullying even his own brother. This is interesting.”


She looked towards Fang Yuan and Fang Zheng from the crowd. Which is the elder brother and which is the younger one?


“Next, Gu Yue Jin Zhu against Gu Yue Mo Bei.” The presiding Gu Master shouted.


Mo Bei leaped onto the stage, while Jin Zhu walked up the steps with a serious expression.


The two paid respects to each other and said no more, fighting at once. Moonblades danced in the air.


They continued to throw moonblades while moving and evading nonstop.


Although a girl, Jin Zhu had good basic skills and was able to fight equally with Mo Bei for a while. But as time passed, her stamina could not keep up, and she started to be suppressed.


Finally, with her body covered in sweat and out of energy, she surrendered.


Mo Bei, on the other hand, was not even fazed.


Increasing his endurance with a Gu, huh? Probably a Yellow Camel Longhorn Beetle Gu… Below the stage, Fang Yuan observed, quickly seeing through Mo Bei.


Fang Yuan had six Gu worms, but that was an exception. His peers only had one or two each.


Not only because of the financial stress of feeding Gu worms, but also because using Gu required constant practice to accumulate experience.


Greed for more would backfire. The students had only just started interacting with Gu worms. Two were enough for them to practice.


Only an exception like Fang Yuan, with his rich experience from his previous life, could easily grasp every Gu that came into his possession and use them to their fullest potential.


The exam continued.


“Damn you, jumping like a rabbit!” On another stage, a youngster angrily shouted, “Chi Cheng, are you a man? Do you dare to fight with me physically?!”


“Tsk, only a fool would fight at close range with you.” Chi Cheng laughed in disdain. He used his Dragonpill Cricket Gu and jumped around agilely.


His opponent only had a Flower Boar Gu. Even if he could temporarily raise his strength by one boar, it was useless. Chi Cheng would not engage with him.


Finally, he was struck by one of Chi Cheng’s moonblades and lost too much blood. He could only surrender.


The healing Gu Masters below the stage quickly rushed up and treated his injuries.


As time passed, more and more students were mercilessly eliminated, while many youngsters began showing their abilities.


Chi Cheng, Mo Bei, Fang Yuan, Fang Zheng…


Until noon.


The D grade talents had been eliminated. They had poor talent and all chose support Gu worms for transportation or production, which suited their abilities. They were of little use in a fight.


“Little Junior Sister, your vital Gu is a Life Breath Grass, right? My group needs a healer.”


“Senior, I wish to join your group, my vital Gu is a Moonlight Gu.”


“Sorry, we are not lacking an offensive Gu Master.”


•••


The teams had begun recruiting, and the students were also approaching the groups they wished to join.


The fights on the stage weren’t very flashy, and after a few rounds, there were not many standout moments. It was even boring. This was because most people chose the Moonlight Gu, and most of the time, the fight would start with an exchange of moonblades. Whoever expended their primeval essence first would lose.


If both parties had no more primeval essence, they would fight with punches and kicks. At the end, one would fall.


Be it students, Gu Masters, or clan elders, they got bored watching, and some were even about to fall asleep.


When evening came, there were less than ten students left on the stage.


“Finally, it’s coming to an end.” Some Gu Masters roused themselves, shrugging off the sleepiness.


At that moment, the presiding Gu Master shouted, “Next round, Gu Yue Fang Zheng vs Gu Yue Mo Bei!”


