Chapter 827: Fang Zheng Wakes Up


In the southern part of Hu Immortal blessed land, a small portion of rockmen were still hibernating underground. Because large numbers of blood poison kerria flowers had spawned and died in their tunnels, the underground homes of these rockmen would produce bloodstone ores after tens of years. The underground cave that hid wisdom Gu was, however, restored with Landscape as Before. The zhi forest was looking weak, but it did not need to be cured and could dispel the poison on its own, there was even a certain chance of producing a blood zhi forest.


The northern part of the blessed land, where the terrain was narrow and the area smaller, was set up as a breeding ground for regretful spiders.


In the center of the blessed land was Dang Hun mountain. Dong Fang Chang Fan’s soul was locked up in Dang Hun palace, along with the remaining dozens of Dong Fang tribesmen. Large numbers of immortal materials were placed in storerooms. Five thousand kilograms of oil water, the giant dead egg of the worldly sand gull and large numbers of airsac Gu were also kept in stock. Near Dang Hun mountain were the three Fang Yuan stone nests, where many hairy man slaves lived and refined Gu without stopping. As for the small batch of mirror willows, they were already dead. The beggar moths which ate mirror willow leaves as food no longer had any use, and were sold off.


By now, the three large scale resource points — eerie fire dragon pythons, regretful spiders and dragonfish — were truly established. Instead of just storing them like before, this development ensured that the three resource points could grow and multiply in numbers, and be sold for profit.


However, at present, these three resources points were still being built up in scale and could not be put into the market immediately.


There were also large numbers of airsac Gu in Dang Hun palace’s storage. But Fang Yuan could not put them in the market all at once and make huge profits, with Immortal Crane Sect still eyeing Hu Immortal blessed land. The less attention it received, the better. Selling them slowly could decrease the risks and allow the profits to come steadily.


The second day after Hu Immortal blessed land was restored, Tai Bai Yun Sheng bade his farewell to Fang Yuan.


He had put in a lot of effort during this time period. Without his help, Fang Yuan would require half a month longer to complete such a large project.


He had not only spent a lot of effort, but also lent some immortal essence stones to Fang Yuan.


Fang Yuan did not have much immortal essence stones and he lacked capital during the initial investment of the renovation. Tai Bai Yun Sheng gave him some immortal essence stones to make up for this shortage.


Speaking of which, among the four who signed the Snowy Mountain Alliance, Tai Bai Yun Sheng was the richest at present.




He had made good progress in Eastern Sea, importing large numbers of resources into his immortal aperture, which caused his immortal aperture’s foundation to be unable to keep up, the earth qi became lacking in quantity and there was instability. Just now, Tai Bai Yun Sheng returned to Hu Immortal blessed land not only to help Fang Yuan, but also for another purpose, to return to Northern Plains, place his blessed land down, absorb earth qi and also face the earthly calamity.


However, it was not yet the time for the earthly calamity to appear and absorbing earth qi also required some time. When the earthly calamity struck, Fang Yuan would also have to help Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


Tai Bai Yun Sheng left Hu Immortal blessed land, Hei Lou Lan, however, remained behind.


Soon, Fang Yuan also left Hu Immortal blessed land to go to Central Continent.


It was because Central Continent’s Refinement Path Convention was about to start!


Central Continent, Fei He mountain, Immortal Crane Sect.


Clouds and fog lingered around this floating mountain, with cranes flying in between the pine forests.


In an underground secret room in Immortal Crane Sect, it was damp and dark, and the walls were covered in moss. Besides a stone bed in the room, there was no other furniture.


On the stone bed, a young Gu Master was lying down, his face was pale as paper but there were no injuries on his body, as if he was in a coma.


It was Gu Yue Fang Zheng.




A Gu worm lied motionless on Fang Zheng’s chest.


Suddenly, a faint light flashed in the stone room, before a Gu Immortal appeared.


His wide sleeves were swaying, he looked like a young man with a handsome appearance. Most eye-catching of all were his eyebrows, they were green and long, reaching down to his waist. Under the eyebrows, his gaze was dark and eerie.


“Lord He Feng Yang!” The Gu worm lying on Fang Zheng’s chest immediately moved its wings and flew up, excitedly greeting the newcomer.


This Gu worm was the spirit incubating flea that contained Lord Sky Crane’s soul.


“Lord, please heal Fang Zheng’s soul, please awaken my disciple.” Lord Sky Crane implored.


“Sky Crane, is your decision still this…” He Feng Yang sighed, feeling somewhat disappointed. Why did he want Lord Sky Crane to revive using possession?


It was because Lord Sky Crane was originally his subordinate and had handled many matters for him. His background and origin was clear, and he was quite capable himself. On the contrary, Gu Yue Fang Zheng was too young, and had been forced to sacrifice himself, if he happened to hold a grievance against Immortal Crane Sect, that would not be a pleasing scenario.


“Sky Crane, do you know that the possession technique our Immortal Crane Sect obtained now can be considered perfect and is extremely outstanding? If you had done possession previously, perhaps the body and soul would not match and leave behind side-effects. But with this possession technique, it will be like you were born that way, the body and soul would blend together and match each other. There is not even a slight amount of shortcomings. This is your luck, you can be reborn and regain the glory you once had. Heaven is bestowing you with this opportunity, why do you not want to take it?” He Feng Yang persuaded.


“Lord…” The spirit incubating flea flapped its wings, and said in a quiet voice, “Please forgive me for being obstinate. Fang Zheng, he is my disciple. He resembles my past self, and this future belongs to him. If I possess him, I won’t be able to face myself, to face my inner feelings. Please think of the many years of my servitude to you, and help me, lord.”


“You!” He Feng Yang was starting to get angry.


Nothing was going like he wanted recently. To save the nine palace crane, Little Jiu, he had requested help from various people and spent large amounts of wealth, but it still was not showing much effect.


Now, even his former subordinate was acting willfully and disregarding his persuasion, everything was going wrong!


This possession technique was powerful but it had a condition. It could not be used rashly and it was best to let the soul be in contact with the possession target’s body for a long period of time before this technique was used.


Lord Sky Crane had intended to possess Fang Zheng, thus had placed the spirit incubating flea in Fang Zheng’s aperture. So much time had passed already, the condition for possession was already fulfilled, but Lord Sky Crane had now changed his decision.


This also meant that if Lord Sky Crane wanted to possess others, he would not be able to do so in a short period of time. His soul would need to be in contact with the body of the possession target for a long time.


As for Dong Fang Chang Fan possessing Dong Fang Yu Liang, he had secretly stored a part of his soul in Dong Fang Yu Liang’s body. His methods were so ingenious that Dong Fang Yu Liang had not sensed anything wrong.


He Feng Yang was not feeling good these days, he was feeling frustrated and agitated, and wanted to berate Lord Sky Crane.


But in the end, he did not speak out the words in his thoughts, because he could not help but associate his own situation with Lord Sky Crane’s.


Wasn’t he also like Lord Sky Crane earlier?


To save Little Jiu, he was determined to follow his own way and was even willing to sacrifice himself. Back then, when he was facing the hopeless situation, if not for Immortal Crane Sect’s third supreme elder, Lord Tiger Demon helping him, there would not be He Feng Yang in the present.


He Feng Yang heaved a deep sigh: “Alright, alright. Since you are determined to do this, I, He Feng Yang, shall help you. This is the compensation for all the work you have done me. If later, you want to undergo possession and request me to help, it won’t be free.”


He Feng Yang then waved his large sleeve, brushing it past Gu Yue Fang Zheng’s face.


After this movement finished, He Feng Yang disappeared from the spot.


Several breaths of time later, Gu Yue Fang Zheng’s soul became as firm as before, and he woke up from his coma.


“You are awake!” The spirit incubating flea fluttered towards his eyes.


Gu Yue Fang Zheng was dazed: “Mas… Master, where are we?”


“Of course we’re in Immortal Crane Sect, foolish disciple.” Lord Sky Crane laughed heartily.


“Why am I here?” Gu Yue Fang Zheng was still in confusion, mumbling. Suddenly, he shivered, a terrified expression appearing on his face.


He thought of that blood pool, the terrifying memory of blood vines growing over his body when he looked into Hu Immortal blessed land.


“Aaaahh!” Gu Yue Fang Zheng screamed and subconsciously leaped back.


The back of his head struck the firm stone wall, his raised head lowered down as he fell unconscious.


Lord Sky Crane: “…”


Three days later.


Immortal Crane Sect officially announced the news of Gu Yue Fang Zheng waking up.


Gu Yue Fang Zheng appeared in front of the disciples again, outrageously having rank five cultivation.


In the morning class, Immortal Crane Sect’s leader publicly announced Gu Yue Fang Zheng as an elder of Immortal Crane Sect.


For a while, the whole sect was in shock!


The former rivals of Fang Zheng, like Sun Yuan Hua and others, were dumbstruck, disciples and elite disciples were in a clamor, and elders also discussed this with each other.


To assist in capturing Hu Immortal blessed land, Immortal Crane Sect’s Gu Immortals forcibly raised Fang Zheng’s cultivation to rank five. The identity of a disciple was no longer suitable for Fang Zheng.


Fang Zheng was just adapting to his new status, and was at a loss on what to do.


When he walked around the sect, every disciple he met would bow to him in greeting, among them were many elite disciples older than him.


Sometimes he would see his past rivals like Sun Yuan Hua, they would also pay respects to him. Many beautiful female disciples frequently flocked around Fang Zheng, some looked at him with watery eyes, while some sweetly called him Elder Fang Zheng.


Compared to other elders, Fang Yuan was extremely young, it could be said that he was unique. Like stories of legends, he attracted the attention of many female disciples, some even forming crushes on him.


Even Fang Zheng himself forgot his identity sometimes when he saw other elders, and would bow to these elders like a disciple. And each time this happened, the situation would turn awkward.


Fortunately, Fang Zheng had Lord Sky Crane with him. Immortal Crane Sect’s leader also occasionally called him over to ask about his well-being and if he was facing any problems, making him feel overwhelmed from the attention and favor.


What made Gu Yue Fang Zheng even more happy was that the sect’s benefits to elders were tens of times greater than the treatment received by disciples.


Lord Sky Crane could faintly see the intention behind this.


Previously, the sect’s higher-ups intentionally sacrificed Fang Zheng, using his life to increase the possibility of capturing Hu Immortal blessed land. Right now, they were showering him with status and perks, to restore his loyalty to the sect.


In the end, Fang Zheng was not Fang Yuan, he was too young and had scant life experience, not having even the slightest sensation of this intention.


In fact, he had no complaints towards Immortal Crane Sect, and after becoming an elder, he had even more of a sense of belonging to Immortal Crane Sect.


As for the terrifying memory of looking into Hu Immortal blessed land, he was subconsciously evading it, not wanting to recall it. It was only that sometimes, deep into nights, he would dream of the scene in the blood pool, recall the pain and suffering, and wake up with his body filled with cold sweat.




