Chapter 83: Displaying His Skills


Fang Zheng and Mo Bei both walked up the stage.


“Fang Zheng, don’t think that I will lose just because you have rank two cultivation! Today, I will challenge and beat a higher realm.” Mo Bei gritted his teeth, his expression solemn as he psyched himself up. Against the rank two Fang Zheng, he indeed felt a strong sense of pressure.


“Come!” Fang Zheng roared, rushing out ferociously.


Mo Bei’s heart jumped. Fang Zheng wasn’t acting according to plan. Normally, they would first shoot moonblades before engaging in hand-to-hand combat. But now, he was actually rushing up at the start, and wanted to fight physically?


Isn’t he afraid of getting injured by my moonblade at such close range? Mo Bei was perturbed.


He was naturally not worried for Fang Zheng’s safety, but knew that if they engaged in close combat, any moonblades they threw would be unavoidable.


Mo Bei quickly took a step back, attempting to put some distance between them. At the same time, he sent out a moonblade with a flick of his wrist.


Fang Zheng was unfazed, rolling to the side and avoiding the moonblade as he continued his pursuit. At the same time, lunar energy gathered in his palm.


Mo Bei was almost transfixed by the moonlight in Fang Zheng’s hand. He couldn’t help but feel nervous and he quickly retreated.


Although he had worked hard in close combat and also trained his moonblade, he was still inferior to Fang Zheng, who had been taught personally by the clan leader.


Mo Bei was not suited to this style of combat, and quickly fell into disadvantage.


“Eh? That side is interesting.” The battle in this arena attracted much attention.


“They’re actually fighting so closely, this Fang Zheng has guts.” Yao Hong could now differentiate between the brothers. Fang Yuan was cold and mature, while Fang Zheng was steel-willed and sunny.


“It must be the clan leader’s teaching. Normally, when students fight, they stay about ten meters apart. Further than that, and their moonblades would dissipate. Closer than that, and they wouldn’t be able to react to their opponent’s moonblades in time.” Qing Shu’s eyes gleamed. “Fang Zheng has closed the gap to six meters, but he’s still quite good at dodging Mo Bei’s moonblades. It seems he put in a lot of hard work on his own, in addition to the clan leader’s teaching.”


“Little Brother!” Mo Yan, upon seeing Mo Bei forced into a corner, showed worry and panic on her face. She felt the urge to go in and help out, giving Fang Zheng a good beating. Chi Shan, however, was expressionless, and he merely watched.


After Fang Zheng had shortened the distance to six meters, he no longer approached further. He used his Moonlight Gu and entered a firing contest.


Mo Bei tried hard to improvise. His actions were messy, and many times he was almost hit by the moonblades.


Fang Zheng, on the other hand, already had his winning formula.


Even if he could not evade in time, he still had the Jade Skin Gu. As long as his reaction time wasn’t too slow, he could block his opponent’s moonblade.


Seeing Mo Bei being overwhelmed, Fang Zheng remembered a moment in the past.


Under the moonlight, the clan leader had taught him how to evade step by step, imparting his experience unreservedly.


Clan Leader, I will not let you down. Fang Zheng’s eyes shimmered with hope. He was getting braver as he fought!


Fang Zheng, you have the talent and the endurance, you have been diligent. This result is all because of your blood and sweat, it is the fruit of your hard work. Continue like this, go and show your brilliance! Under the tent canopy, the clan leader’s heart swelled with pride. Even though he looked like he was just quietly watching the fight, his lips curled into a smile.


Although Mo Bei struggled furiously and resisted adamantly, after fifteen minutes, he was covered in injuries, blood oozing out and dyeing his clothes red.


The presiding Gu Master, upon seeing this, announced his verdict. “The victory goes to Gu Yue Fang Zheng.”


“I haven’t lost yet!” Mo Bei shouted, his bloodbathed body wavering. But after struggling for a moment, he was forced to receive treatment by the healing Gu Masters.


“A battle of such an intensity is already beyond the graduating standard.”


“An A grade talent is, after all, a genius.”


“I heard he received personal guidance from the clan leader. Is it possible for him to not be amazing?”


After witnessing the battle, the Gu Masters below spoke their praises.


Fang Zheng panted as he walked down the steps. Three Gu Masters came to him and healed him, while also providing free primeval stones to allow him to quickly recover his primeval essence.


After resting for a while, he recovered to his peak condition and ascended to the stage once again.


This time, he was against Chi Cheng.


Chi Cheng looked at Fang Zheng, laughing dryly. “Very good! Fang Zheng, you defeated Mo Bei, that rascal. If I defeat you now, I’ll be killing two birds with one stone.”


He seemed very confident.


Fang Zheng’s lips remained tight, saying nothing as he rushed forward.


Dragonpill Cricket Gu! Chi Cheng’s thoughts flashed, and his legs let out an orange glow. He leaped lightly and instantly retreated ten meters away.


The distance that Fang Zheng had just shortened was immediately lengthened.


“Hehehe.” Chi Cheng laughed smugly. “Fang Zheng, you have no speed-increasing Gu, you cannot catch me. Although this stage isn’t big, it is enough for me to maneuver. Your tactic might have worked on Mo Bei, but against me it is ineffective.”


“Is that so?” Fang Zheng stopped his movements and stood on the spot, staring intently at Chi Cheng.


He smiled, his eyes showing iron will as he shouted, “Continue dodging like that if you wish, but every time you retreat with your Dragonpill Cricket Gu, you have to use primeval essence. You merely have rank one peak stage green copper primeval essence, but I possess rank two red steel primeval essence, worth twice as much as yours. Your talent is inferior to mine as well. In the end, you will run out of primeval essence, and you will lose!”


“You!” Chi Cheng was shocked. He had only seen his advantage and did not notice his weakness. Right now, he could not help agreeing with Fang Zheng, and his fighting spirit dampened.


“What, Fang Zheng is rank two?!” the surrounding Gu Masters gasped. The aperture examination was only the day before, and only a few people knew.


“An A grade talent for sure. Amazing, this Fang Zheng might really be the rising star of our clan.”


“Bai Ning Bing has been growing too strong. If Fang Zheng matures, he really might be able to match him.”


“This lad is interesting. Reaching rank two while still in school, and with such solid basic skills, it is a rare sight. No wonder the clan leader poured so much effort into him,” Yao Hong muttered.


Qing Shu replied, “The clan leader’s guidance is only part of it, don’t look down on him. Ever since he survived the assassination incident, he has become very hardworking, pushing himself to the limit. He is a good seedling with both talent and drive. If he can grow up…I feel like the pressure on me is increasing.”


“Hehehe,” Gu Yue Bo laughed lightly.


He had analyzed Chi Cheng for Fang Zheng, pointing out his weak nature. Now that he saw Fang Zheng using it to his advantage, Gu Yue Bo was very pleased.


“It seems that Fang Zheng will take first this year,” Mo Chen said from beside the clan leader.


Chi Lian snorted, watching the fight intently. He obviously wished for his grandson to win and defeat Fang Zheng, for the honor of the Chi family.


But things did not go as he wished, and after getting demoralized, Chi Cheng could no longer display all of his ability. He started making mistakes.


Eventually, Chi Cheng exposed a fatal flaw, and was swept off the stage.


“Gu Yue Fang Zheng wins!” the presiding Gu Master announced.


Chi Lian’s face was ashen.


All at once, Fang Zheng’s name was on everyone’s lips.


“Fang Zheng beat Mo Bei and Chi Cheng one after the other with wits and courage, it seems he will take first this year,” some people praised.


“Makes sense, I think well of him too. Too bad he cannot join our group.” As the groups chose students, so too could the students choose their groups. An excellent student like Fang Zheng was taken long ago.


“Fang Zheng belongs to the clan leader’s faction, while Mo Bei and Chi Cheng are the future leaders of their respective factions. It seems from this battle that the clan leader’s faction will become dominant, suppressing the other two.” Some people could see even further.


On the other two stages, the battles continued.


Fang Zheng had stepped off the stage long ago. Hearing the praise directed towards him, his heart roared as he felt himself being reborn.


It was very different from before.


He was filled with the excitement of recognition, the anticipation of being appreciated, and the joy of being commended.


A gust of winter wind blew, and although he felt the chill, to Fang Zheng it seemed as sweet as a summer breeze.


“It’s time for the final match! Gu Yue Fang Zheng vs Gu Yue Fang Yuan!”


