Chapter 84: Trampling Ruthlessly!


The final battle, Fang Zheng vs Fang Yuan!

“Oh, interesting.”

“To think that at the end, it is a showdown between brothers.”

Fang Zheng… The clan leader’s smile faded slightly. The greatest obstacle in your heart is your brother Fang Yuan. Go ahead and defeat him. You have red steel primeval essence and also the Jade Skin Gu. With both offense and defense, you have a great advantage. Break apart this obstacle in your way, and you shall be reborn!

The final match started at last.

The two brothers stood on the stage, staring at each other.

The last rays of the setting sun were like blood.

The dusky light covered the arena like a luxurious carpet.

Two very similar faces.

The little brother’s eyes blazed with fighting spirit, while the older brother’s eyes were deep as the abyss.

“Brother…” Fang Zheng clenched his fists as he stared intently at Fang Yuan, speaking with a firm voice, “Admit defeat! I am already rank two, and I have over 80% red steel primeval essence, while you only have 44% green copper primeval essence. You have no chance.”

Fang Yuan lightly looked at his brother. “You seem to know my primeval essence well. But it’s better if you don’t spout nonsense. If primeval essence alone could decide victory, what would be the point of fighting?”

Fang Zheng was stunned for a moment, but soon he roused himself, and his vigor could be seen burning in his eyes.

In truth, in the deepest part of his heart, he also did not want Fang Yuan to admit defeat. But Fang Yuan was his older brother, after all, and out of consideration for their relationship, he felt he had to say it.

If not, that would be too cruel.

“Since you are so determined, then I have no choice but to attack!” Before he finished speaking, Fang Zheng had already begun rushing towards Fang Yuan.

This again! Below the stage, Mo Bei gritted his teeth. He made up his mind to train himself harshly after today and return his humiliation tenfold!

Fang Yuan is finished, he does not have my Dragonpill Cricket Gu. Chi Cheng folded his arms and smirked, enjoying Fang Yuan’s troubles.

Fang Zheng sprinted and instantly shortened the distance. In his hand there was a ball of moonlight.

Fang Yuan’s expression was like steel; there was not a single change as he looked at the charging Fang Zheng. He did not take a single step away as blue moonlight also gathered in his right palm.

Suddenly!

Fang Yuan kicked hard off the ground, approaching Fang Zheng instead of backing away.

“This!” Fang Zheng did not expect Fang Yuan’s movement, he panicked as he quickly fired a moonblade.

Fang Yuan twisted his body as he rushed forward, avoiding the moonblade by a hair’s breadth.

His expression was calm, without any shouting or aggression. But in his silence, he emitted an aura of absolute iciness.

Fang Zheng subconsciously took a few steps back. His limit was six meters, but now Fang Yuan was five meters away from him. This time, he was the one trying to retreat.

Dundundun.

Fang Zheng backed off while flicking his right wrist several times, sending moonblades flying to try and push Fang Yuan back.

Fang Yuan steps flowed one after the other, his body extremely agile. His movements were intense, avoiding each moonblade with no margin for error.

“Fang Yuan is even more daring!” Yao Hong shouted.

“What a battle, they’ve disregarded death already,” Qing Shu also exclaimed.

“Another battle maniac!” Mo Yan gritted her teeth, glancing at Chi Shan who was not far away.

Chi Shan was expressionless, but his eyes gleamed.

The crowd fell silent. They were all captivated by the battle.

Fang Yuan danced upon the stage. The moonblades passed so close that the blue light would illuminate his face. His expression never changed even as he narrowly evaded death again and again, showing his extreme battle talent!

The clan leader’s and elders’ faces had grown serious.

Chi Cheng and Mo Bei stared at Fang Yuan dodging every single moonblade in an impossible manner, their mouths wide open.

How did he do it? The students looking on seemed to have giant question marks above their heads.

Fang Yuan had five hundred years of battle experience. How could he be compared to Fang Zheng, who was only taught for a year by a rank four Gu Master?

In Fang Yuan’s eyes, Fang Zheng was as shallow as a clear stream. No matter how the stream flowed or turned among the mountain rocks, he could see through it clearly to the bottom of the riverbed.

Throwing a moonblade was not instant, it needed a process. The largest cue was Fang Zheng’s flick of the wrist.

In Fang Yuan’s eyes, Fang Zheng’s shoulder movement, the movement of his wrist, and every step he took provided a large amount of information. Fang Zheng’s every attack, movement, and dodge was clear as day. He could even guess at his brother’s thoughts, to a degree.

Fang Zheng’s mind was reeling!

Fang Yuan had been an obstacle in his heart for more than ten years, the shadow dragging him into the abyss.

In his nervousness, he forgot to use the Jade Skin Gu. Fang Yuan’s strong approach caused him to panic and he didn’t have any time to regain his tempo and think.

This was the difference in experience, this was the difference in foundation!

In Fang Yuan’s perspective, his foundation was even more important than the Spring Autumn Cicada, it was his greatest treasure.

He did not need to rely on the clan leader, nor the elders, nor family, nor friends, nor Gu worms.

He had always and only relied on himself!

In this world, only oneself was the most reliable!!

Teammates and battle partners were just the masks of weaklings, an excuse for others to save you.

He finally reached Fang Zheng!

Bam.

Fang Yuan’s punch came from an unexpected angle, smashing right into Fang Zheng’s stomach.

Fang Zheng’s body bent as the force of the fist almost caused him to vomit. He quickly protected his head with his arms and took a large step back. In this crucial moment, it showed his steady basic skills.

Where is he? Fang Zheng’s eyes were wide, looking around through the gap between his arms, trying to find Fang Yuan’s location.

Behind! Fang Zheng felt a strong force at his waist.

He lost his balance and fell to the ground.

But he had gone through tough training. He rolled with the momentum and flipped around on the ground, throwing a moonblade behind him at the same time.

This movement was battle experience imparted by the clan leader.

A normal person might follow closely behind Fang Zheng. If they could not react in time, they would be hit by the moonblade, or at least forced back.

But who was Fang Yuan? Even Gu Yue Bo could not compete with him in terms of experience.

Fang Yuan moved steadily, not giving chase. Instead, he circled around and approached Fang Zheng. The moonblade only managed to hit air.

Fang Zheng thought he had succeeded in pulling some distance and quickly stood up. He was about to collect himself, but he suddenly heard a swoosh.

That’s the gust of a punch! he barely managed to think, before Fang Yuan’s fist struck at the side of his head.

Bam.

His vision darkened, and a strong sense of dizziness caused him to lose balance and collapse on the ground.

He lay there for over two breath’s time before he managed to recover slightly. As his vision cleared, he saw Fang Yuan’s feet right beside him.

He suddenly understood how ugly his situation was. He was sprawled on the ground like a dog while Fang Yuan stared at him from on high.

“Damn it!” Fang Zheng was furious and tried to get up.

Under everyone’s eyes, Fang Yuan lifted his right leg and stomped.

Bam.

Fang Zheng’s head slammed into the stage, the sound echoing in the silence.

“Fuck!” Fang Zheng raged and tried to get up again.

Fang Yuan stared coldly, stomping down once again.

Bam.

Fang Zheng’s head hit the stage again. His scalp split open and blood poured out.

“Damn! Damn it!!” Fang Zheng’s teeth were about to be crushed from his clenching, and the rage in his chest burned through his entire body. He raised his head again, trying to get up.

Bam.

Fang Yuan stomped for the third time. This time, he continued to press down on his head. Under the immense force, Fang Zheng’s face was ground into the stage.

His features were almost deformed by the pressure, and he breathed raggedly, struggling to no avail. He felt that a huge boulder was pressing down on his head, and it would not move no matter how he strained against it.

Right, how could I forget, I have the Moonlight Gu! Under despair, inspiration struck.

His right palm gathered moonlight again.

But how could Fang Yuan not notice?

He shot out a moonblade towards Fang Zheng’s hand.

“Argh!” Fang Zheng cried out, the immense pain making his body spasm like it was struck by lightning.

His hand was almost pierced by the moonblade, and the white bones could be seen. The Moonlight Gu on his palm was dealt a great blow, it was on the brink of death!

