Chapter 85: Hot-Blooded, Cold-Blooded


“These two brothers really aren’t on good terms,” Yao Hong mumbled.


“Fang Yuan is too cruel,” many people said, frowning unhappily.


“Fang Yuan is too savage! He extorted our primeval stones for an entire year! Now he’s treating his brother like this!” The students gritted their teeth. Fang Yuan’s cruelty forced out their hatred towards a common enemy.


“Fang Zheng, stand up, stand up! Defeat Fang Yuan!” one of the students shouted.


“Defeat Fang Yuan, defeat Fang Yuan!” Instantly, many others took up the cry.


“Fang Yuan is indeed hated,” Mo Yan snorted, enjoying his predicament.


“Fang Zheng, hang in there, stand up! Defeat this monster!”


“Fang Zheng, stand up. We’re with you.”


“Fang Zheng, you can do it, you can do it!”


The crowd cheered fiercely, and the sound of their encouragement reached Fang Zheng’s ears.


Huff! Huff! Huff! Huff!


Fang Zheng gasped heavily. As their cheers entered his heart, it gave him an unimaginable strength!


Scenes from the past played in his head.


•••


On the streets, the clansmen’s comments.


“That’s Fang Yuan, the future genius, he is not to be underestimated!”


“Who’s that behind him?”


“Oh, probably his brother, who knows what his name is.”


•••


His uncle and aunt laughing. “Fang Yuan, the entire village is discussing the new poem you wrote! Well done, we are proud of you.”


Fang Yuan waved his hand, saying calmly, “I only made those on a whim.”


They both nodded, and turned to Fang Zheng. “Learn well from your brother. If you have half his talent, we won’t have to worry.”


•••


Under the moonlight, deep in the courtyard.


The clan leader Gu Yue Bo looked at Fang Zheng, saying gently, “Fang Zheng, have confidence. You must find your purpose, believe in yourself.”


“But, sir…”


Gu Yue Bo patted his shoulders. “Others cannot dispel the shadows in your heart for you. You can only rely on yourself. I await that day.”


•••


The night before the year-end exam.


Shen Cui looked at Fang Zheng with love in her gaze under the lamp lights. “Young Master, I believe that you can get first place. I have always believed it! Work hard!”


•••


The morning before departure.


His adoptive parents stood at the doorstep. “Fang Zheng, after the year-end exam, you will be leaving the academy. We are very happy to see your growth! Go, go and show everyone the strength of an A grade!”


And…


Under the setting sun, in a dark corner, a female classmate was crying profusely. “The academy’s allowance is only three primeval stones, but Fang Yuan stole one. I won’t be able to feed my Moonlight Gu at this rate.”


Fang Zheng’s heart softened. “Take this primeval stone, I’ll lend it to you.”


The female classmate took the primeval stone, saying through her tears, “Fang Zheng, you are too nice, please defeat your brother and end his tyranny in the academy!”


Fang Zheng was silent.


A bunch of classmates appeared in front of him.


“Fang Zheng, you are an A grade talent, you can do it.”


“Fang Yuan is too much, he constantly bullies us, you are our only hope.”


“Fang Zheng, from today onwards, we’re with you, we will always support you!”


“Everyone…” Fang Zheng saw the concerned eyes of those around him and felt extremely touched.


Everyone…


Everyone has expectations of me.


My classmates, Father, Mother, Shen Cui, and the clan leader!


Everyone is waiting for me, looking at me, supporting me…


How can I lose? How can I fall here? How can I!


Boom, boom, boom, boom.


His heart pounded in his chest, and Fang Zheng’s eyes shone with brilliance.


I cannot fall here!


I will dispel the shadow and stand up!!


Fang Zheng’s fists were tightly clenched, and he no longer felt any pain. Instead, there was a lion in his chest, awakening from its sleep and opening its huge mouth to roar!


His blood was boiling.


Stand up, stand up!


Break the shadows, break the darkness!


“ARGHHHHHHHHH!” Fang Zheng shouted, his body emitting a jade green light.


“What’s that?” The crowd silenced.


“Jade Skin Gu!” someone shouted.


Bam!


The students roared towards the heavens.


“Fang Zheng, you can do it!”


“Fang Zheng, we have your back!”


Finally only one last cheer remained — ”Stand up! Stand up!”


“Everyone…I can hear your voices.” Fang Zheng clenched his fist and jaw. Fang Yuan’s foot no longer seemed so heavy. He could finally get up, slowly and steadily.


The shouting intensified.


“He’s burning with anger!!”


“He’s going to make a comeback!”


Hearing such cheers and excitement from the crowd, everyone was starting to feel moved.


That’s right, Fang Zheng, that’s right! Stand up, stand up, abandon the past, dispel the shadow and stand up, you will become a new person! The clan leader’s eyes shone brightly as he cheered Fang Zheng on in his heart.


Jade Skin Gu… Fang Yuan’s eyes narrowed. He pulled back his leg and watched Fang Zheng stand up slowly, the Jade Skin Gu’s radiance turning his face green.


Fang Zheng had always been hiding this trump card up till now and did not reveal it to anyone.


“Fang Zheng got up!” The crowds’ cheers exploded.


He stood up! The clan leader was moved, unconsciously rising from his seat. At that moment, he saw the ascension of an A grade talent! He saw the future of the Gu Yue Clan!


“I stood up, Brother! I will defeat you!” Fang Zheng’s eyes burned with determination, his entire body enveloped in bright green light like he was wearing jade armor!


“Oh wow, even a moonblade can’t pierce this defense. It seems Fang Zheng wins,” Yao Hong whistled, raising her brows.


“Indeed, even with the Little Light Gu’s reinforcement, it would only cause Fang Zheng to expend more primeval essence. But comparing primeval essence expenditure, Fang Yuan is no match for Fang Zheng. After this match, Fang Zheng is going to rise!” Qing Shu laughed lightly.


Fang Zheng had a Jade Skin Gu, but only used it now. It seems Fang Yuan’s earlier attacks confused him. But now, victory is already shifting towards him. Mo Yan folded her arms, her gaze slightly uncertain.


Time seemed to stand still.


On the stage, the brothers faced each other.


They were so close, and yet so far.


Fang Zheng’s firm determination, Fang Yuan’s eternal indifference.


“Little Brother…” He looked at Fang Zheng peacefully, his lips curling into a smirk. “You’re still far from defeating me.”


He raised his right hand, his right arm flexing as he readied his fist.


“Big Brother, you’ve lost!” Fang Zheng felt amused at the sight of Fang Yuan’s raised fist.


As long as he had primeval essence, a moonblade could not break his barrier, not to mention a fist. Unless Fang Yuan used a Flower Boar Gu or a Brute Force Longhorn Beetle Gu to raise his strength. But even so, he would need a defensive Gu…


Fang Yuan answered him with his fist.


He struck Fang Zheng harshly on the cheek.


Bam!


With a loud crash, blood spilled as the jade light was smashed to bits, the glow scattering through the air like broken mirror fragments before vanishing.


“What?!” Fang Zheng was shocked both mentally and physically. His neck had almost been broken! He hurriedly retreated.


Fang Yuan followed closely, bending low and lashing out with his left fist in an uppercut!


Bam!!


He struck the other side of Fang Zheng’s face. His head whipped backward, blood and broken jade light flying in the air.


He took three steps backwards, his ears buzzing as a dizziness ten times greater than before assaulted him.


“How can this…be…” His vision darkened, and he collapsed on the stage.


Plop.


The jade light dissipated as he fainted.


The shouts and cheers came to an abrupt end.


Happy, excited expressions were still glued to the students’ faces, frozen there by shock.


All was silent.


Fang Yuan’s fists were mangled, and the white of his bones could be seen. Blood dripped onto the stage.


Swoosh…


A cold winter wind blew, banishing the hot-blooded aura.


Fang Yuan’s hair wavered in the breeze as he stood motionless upon the stage. It was almost as if the heavily injured person with both fists almost crippled was not him!


He looked coldly at the surroundings.


Beneath the tent, the clan leader was still standing, dumbfounded.


“Sorry, I’ve left you all disappointed,” Fang Yuan said lightly.


