Chapter 86: Suspicion and Probing


Fang Zheng lay unconscious and unmoving on the stage.


Fang Yuan remained standing, his face as emotionless as ever.


After a momentary silence, the crowds erupted.


“How can this be?” Some people hugged their heads in disbelief.


“Two punches breaking the Jade Skin Gu’s defense, this is…” Some people were tongue-tied.


“Too savage! He smashed apart the barrier, does he not feel pain?” Some female Gu Masters sucked in a cold breath.


“Without a defensive Gu worm, he used his bare hands to break the Jade Skin Gu’s barrier! It’s self-mutilation!” Even the male Gu Masters’ eyes twitched at the sight of Fang Yuan’s hands and were shocked by his ruthlessness.


Being ruthless to others was easy, but being ruthless to yourself was hard.


Fang Yuan using his bare hands to break the Jade Skin Gu’s defense was not only savage to his younger brother, it was even harsher on himself!


“I’ll go take a look.” The academy elder could no longer restrain himself, and he jumped onto the stage.


He first squatted down and observed Fang Zheng, sighing in relief as he found that he was not in critical condition. He had just fallen unconscious from the impact to his head.


Unbelievable. Even with the Jade Skin Gu’s defense, he still suffered such heavy injuries from someone using their bare hands. The academy elder was shocked. He raised his head and looked at Fang Yuan, his eyes shining with a fierce light.


“Fang Yuan, I’ll heal you.” The academy elder stood, striding towards Fang Yuan and grabbing his forearm.


Fang Yuan’s hands were in terrible condition. Not only were they a mess of blood and mashed flesh, even his bones were visible. Cracks could be seen in them from the force of the impacts.


He must be in intense pain, but he didn’t even frown. Even the academy elder shuddered in his heart at the sight of such injuries.


His tone was complicated as he spoke. “Brace yourself, the healing is very itchy and painful.”


His fingers spread open and emitted a wave of blue moonlight. The moonlight grew brighter as his right hand became translucent.


At a glance, the academy elder’s entire right hand had become like a piece of blue jade, down to the blood vessels and bones.


The academy elder carefully raised the hand and covered Fang Yuan’s injured fist.


It was like pressing a piece of cold jade into his wound. Fang Yuan felt heart-piercing pain, but he gritted his teeth and did not make a sound.


The academy elder’s hand emitted gentle moonlight, nourishing Fang Yuan’s injury.


The cracks in his bones began to mend, and flesh and skin started to grow rapidly and heal.


Fang Yuan felt an intense itching, causing him to breathe heavily.


The academy elder’s expression was calm. While healing Fang Yuan, he diverted a part of his concentration towards Fang Yuan’s aperture.


Within it, the black green primeval essence was raging like waves in the sea.


A fat white Liquor Worm was swimming and playing in the waters.


The walls of the aperture appeared to be made of white crystal, clearly showing his rank one peak stage cultivation.


The academy elder did not withdraw, continuing to scan Fang Yuan’s body.


All he found was the Moonlight Gu and Little Light Gu on his right palm.


No other Gu worms. Did Fang Yuan really use his own strength to break the defense of the Jade Skin Gu? Such strength is far beyond a mortal adult. He is only fifteen years old, how can he have such strength? The academy elder’s eyes shone with suspicion.


“Clan Elder, thank you for your treatment.” Fang Yuan pulled his arm back and shook it around.


Although there was still some pain, the injury had already healed. If it was back on Earth, it would have taken a year or two to heal, and would even leave some serious side effects.


This was the magical aspect of this world. Now that Fang Yuan’s hands were healed, although he still felt like they were weak when he grabbed the air or waved them around, they would be good as new in around a week.


But Fang Yuan was not grateful to the academy elder. He could have been treated by other healing Gu Masters, and he was well aware: the academy elder’s motive was to inspect his aperture.


Fang Yuan had expected this from the start, so he left the White Boar Gu and Jade Skin Gu in the second secret cave. As for the Spring Autumn Cicada, as a rank six Gu, even Gu Yue Bo wouldn’t find it if he inspected Fang Yuan’s aperture personally.


The academy elder did not find anything, and that caused him to frown. Although he was still suspicious, in front of so many people, he did not have the proper opportunity to ask.


“Fang Yuan, you performed well, continue working hard.” Finally, the academy elder patted Fang Yuan’s shoulder and declared loudly, “In this year’s final exam, first place goes to Fang Yuan!”


The audience had waited silently and expectantly ever since the academy elder ascended the stage. After hearing his announcement, fervent discussions broke out.


“To think that in the end, Fang Yuan had the last laugh!”


“He’s merely C grade, but he beat Fang Zheng, a rank two with a Jade Skin Gu! Did he cheat?”


“Probably not, from the academy elder’s personal treatment and probing. If he didn’t find any problems, Fang Yuan probably didn’t cheat.”


“Fang Yuan’s fists were heavily injured, that’s normal. But a fifteen-year-old having strength that surpasses an adult, isn’t it suspicious?”


“What’s there to be suspicious about? There are always people who are born with strange talents. Some people are just naturally incredibly strong or smart. Fang Yuan’s strength isn’t even that scary, think about that guy.” The speaker pointed at Chi Shan, who was standing nearby.


People were immediately enlightened. “Oh yes. When Chi Shan was still a kid, his strength was already greater than an adult. Is Fang Yuan also such a monster?”


“That has to be it. When Fang Yuan was young, he made many brilliant poems that were the talk of the village at the time. Everyone thought he would be an A grade, but he turned out to be C grade. It seems heaven had other plans and compensated him with strength.”


“If he were B grade, he would be another Chi Shan, but he’s only C grade; it’s nothing to be envious about. A Gu Master’s cultivation relies on their talent. If I could get a Black Boar Gu in the future, I would have even greater strength than him. He can only be arrogant for a little while.” Some people shrugged, speaking unconcernedly.


Fang Yuan walked down the stage, his ears picking up the crowd’s discussions as he smirked coldly in his heart.


He had already perfectly explained the Liquor Worm’s origins, but if the Jade Skin Gu was exposed, Fang Yuan would not be able to account for it. Thus, he had to keep it secret and could not use it in public.


As for their thoughts and explanations, they were in the direction Fang Yuan wanted them to go. Or rather, even if the higher-ups were suspicious, they would only be suspicious of his mysterious backer.


Half a year ago, I risked danger and used the bag of wild boar tusks to create a second layer of protection at the end of the mid-year exam. It’s finally coming into play. At that moment, Fang Yuan’s eyes seemed dark as the abyss.


The clan leader did not sit down. He kept on standing and frowned deeply.


This matter had developed beyond his control.


He did not care that much if Fang Yuan took first place. It was just a year-end exam, it was insignificant in the grand scheme of things.


He was worried about Fang Zheng.


Undeniably, today’s events would have too great an impact on him.


If Fang Zheng had been beaten completely from the start and lost the fight, so be it. But it just had to be at the point where he used his full strength, with the confidence boost and support from the crowd, that he was sent sprawling by Fang Yuan’s fists.


Such psychological trauma might negatively impact his growth.


Under my guidance and arrangement, Fang Zheng was the first to advance to upper stage, peak stage, and rank two initial stage, he has been continuously gaining success and confidence. But this confidence is probably gone now. My hard work has all gone up in smoke. Gu Yue Bo sighed deeply. He had naturally gained a slight sense of disgust and loathing towards Fang Yuan.


If Fang Yuan had lost to Fang Zheng, everything would have been perfect.


But he actually won. It was too…infuriating.


It was not just the clan leader; the other elders’ faces were solemn and full of complex emotions.


“Fang Yuan is actually so strong, is he really a monster like Chi Shan?”


“Actually, he was strange from his youth. He made incredible poems before the age of ten, so his strength increasing so much as he grew up is nothing strange.”


“But there is another possibility. Fang Yuan has a mysterious backer, maybe they assisted him.”


“But who is backing him?”


The clan elders’ hearts were in turmoil, but they didn’t let it show on their faces.


Gu Yue Bo went silent for a moment before revealing a smile. “Fang Yuan, getting first place with C grade talent is an unprecedented feat! You have won a hundred primeval stones, as well as first priority in choosing your final Gu from the academy. Now, I shall reward you further! You can choose any team you want and join it. Regardless of the group, whichever one you want, just say the word and you can join it!”


Upon hearing the clan leader’s words, all of the students and rank two Gu Masters stared at Fang Yuan in envy.


The teams had their differences, and joining a good one meant a bright future. Gu Yue Bo’s reward was very generous.


“Although I made this decision on the spot, I believe the clan elders here will agree with me.” Gu Yue Bo’s smile deepened as he looked at the elders beside him.


They all had serious expressions. Some of them frowned at the clan leader’s words, but none objected.


Fang Yuan’s heart jumped.


Trouble had come.


