Chapter 869: Freedom of the Feathermen


The whole area was covered in deathly silence.


Sorrow, fear and loss shrouded the hearts of all the feathermen.


Zhou Zhong was the only Gu Immortal remaining among the feathermen. If even he was no longer there, and became a slave of humans, how would these remaining feathermen survive?


The current five regions, or rather, the whole world, could be said to belong to humans.


The space for variant humans to survive was very small, and this already small space continued to shrink.


Zhou Zhong’s mouth, wide open from shock, slowly closed. He looked up at Fang Yuan, as if he was looking at a monster, and asked: “Is your immortal zombie appearance fake? How can an immortal zombie scheme all this?”


Fang Yuan was slightly dazed, not having expected Zhou Zhong to suddenly calm down.


He immediately had a bad feeling.


Tai Bai Yun Sheng who was beside him, spoke with compassion: “Give up, Zhou Zhong. Even if you become a slave, I can promise that you will never be treated unfairly, I will also not limit your freedom during normal times. I will only ask for your service during critical times. Let these feathermen behind you live in my blessed land from now on. Rest assured, I will not be harsh on them or maltreat them. I will also pay corresponding rewards for their work. Sigh…”


Tai Bai Yun Sheng heaved a sigh, his benevolent nature had emerged again.


However, Zhou Zhong shook his head slightly three times.




The smile on the corners of Fang Yuan’s lips disappeared as his expression turned grave.


Afterwards, he saw that the Gu Immortal Zhou Zhong suddenly turned around towards the large group of feathermen, and gave a deep bow.


“Everyone.” Zhou Zhong’s tone was extremely calm, but it revealed a decisive intent. His voice was not loud, but it resounded in everyone’s ears.


“I have done all of you a disservice, this world only has the Gu Immortal Zhou Zhong, the featherman Zhou Zhong, but there will absolutely not be a slave Zhou Zhong. It was truly a shame that I could not protect you all. Goodbye!”


He then suddenly spread his wings.


The wings of feathermen were not wide like eagle wings or thick like vulture wings, but were slender and exquisite.


“Zhou Zhong, what is the point of this? Stop quickly!” Tai Bai Yun Sheng was shocked, and wanted to stop him.


But how could he stop a Gu Immortal who was seeking death of his own accord?


Zhou Zhong suddenly flapped his wings and flew towards the sky!


While flying towards the sky, he shouted: “I, Zhou Zhong!”




“Am a featherman!!”


“I will not become a slave!!!”


At this moment, everyone’s gazes were gathered on him.


He violated the agreement.


He stepped on the ground and was successfully trapped by Fang Yuan, becoming a slave.


However, Zhou Zhong was not willing and went against the agreement on his own initiative.


The information path immortal killer move on him erupted, the intense backlash that he could not endure assaulted Zhou Zhong’s entire body.


The more Zhou Zhong flew, the slower he became, his two wings were also becoming difficult to move.


Right now, his appearance of flying in the sky was like that of an old man who was approaching death and stumbling on his legs but still kept on climbing towards a precipitous peak.


His whole body started crystallizing rapidly, and soon he turned into a transparent glass crystal statue.


His two wings turned into crystal glass like objects, moving no longer.


However, his eyes were still gazing at the blue sky, not even sparing a glance at Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng, the gaze carrying endless bravery and decisiveness.


He then started to slowly fall down to the ground.


His whole body started to crumble apart while falling.


First his head, then his chest, his wings, stomach, then his legs.


Before landing on the ground, he had already turned into a sheet of broken glass, and crystal fragments.


There was no wind in Tai Bai blessed land.


These crystal glass fragments, however, seemed to flutter, the more they fluttered, the more they crumbled, they continued to break apart until they disintegrated in the air.


“Zhou Zhong…” Tai Bai Yun Sheng mumbled in a daze.


“Indeed… this guy.” Fang Yuan’s expression was dark.


He did not make Tai Bai Yun Sheng revive Zhou Zhong. One who was not afraid of even death and was not willing to be a slave, simply had no value.


Moreover, Zhou Zhong was a Gu Immortal, the immortal essence needed to revive him would not be low.


Even if he was revived, his Immortal Gu were already gone, and Tai Bai Yun Sheng also would not be able to absorb his immortal aperture. On the contrary, it was better to let him die. His immortal aperture would be unable to absorb heaven and earth qi, the blessed land would break apart. After breaking up, all the dao marks of Zhou Zhong in the immortal aperture would be added to Tai Bai blessed land.


Zhou Zhong’s death caused all the feathermen to fall into silence.


The silence only lasted for a while, before the new featherman king, Yu Fei, shouted loudly: “I, Yu Fei, also am not willing to be a slave. Everybody, have you still not realized it? These two human Gu Immortals are demons, they had already planned to catch us all. They absolutely won’t let us go. All of you, choose a new featherman king. I will follow old ancestor Zhou Zhong and take my leave first! ”


After saying that, he suicided on the spot!


“Our king!” The feathermen roused, shouting in such fury that their voices shook the surrounding areas.


“Right, there are no slave feathermen in this world, there are only free feathermen.”


“Even if I die, I am free.”


“As long as our hearts beat for freedom, there will not be any slave feathermen.”


“Take our corpses as your slaves.”


The feathermen shouted, howled, muttered or ridiculed. Zhou Zhong and Yu Fei’s actions inspired the feathermen, unexpectedly, they all chose to suicide!


“Damn it, are you still not stopping them? A bunch of mortals, hmph! Tai Bai Yun Sheng, quickly use Man as Before, we cannot forgo this wealth. We will make them unable to die even if they want to.” Fang Yuan snorted.


However, Tai Bai Yun Sheng showed no signs of movement.


“Tai Bai Yun Sheng, what are you doing?” Fang Yuan turned around, and was immediately shocked.


Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s face was filled with struggle and hesitation, he said to Fang Yuan with difficulty: “Fang Yuan, there are two voices shouting in my head right now. One voice tells me to be logical and raise these feathermen as slaves. The other voice, however, is shouting loudly for me to give up, these feathermen are true feathermen, they cannot be disgraced, even feeling sympathy for them is a humiliation towards them!”


As he said this, Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s eyes were unexpectedly glistening with tears!


“Damn it!” An eerie light imperceptibly flashed past Fang Yuan’s eyes without anyone noticing.


If these feathermen were raised as slaves, it would be a great help to Fang Yuan’s plans in Western Desert as well. But at this crucial moment, Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s heart actually softened.


Fang Yuan could not help but shout furiously in his mind: ‘This fool, I can’t scheme with him!!’


As he said this internally, he suddenly grabbed Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s shoulder with his monstrous arm.


The words that came from his mouth, however, were very different: “Let it be, Old Bai, you are correct. These feathermen are the true feathermen from <<The Legends of Ren Zu>>, you don’t need to hesitate, you can let them die for freedom.”


“Fang Yuan…” Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s expression immediately relaxed as he looked gratefully at the immortal zombie before him, and said with some shame: “It was not easy for you to think of this plan, but in the end, because of me…”


Fang Yuan interrupted him: “Don’t mention it. Everyone has their own principles. Although I don’t approve of it, I can understand it. I will support you.”


“Fang Yuan!” Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s voice was choked with emotions, and he almost teared up.


Fang Yuan spoke in a profound voice: “Do you know why those two featherman Gu Immortals fell to my scheme? Hehe, do you remember that I obtained the wisdom path inheritance from Dong Fang Chang Fan?”


“You mean?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng stared blankly.


Fang Yuan sighed: “Wisdom path methods are indeed incredibly hard to defend against effectively. Fortunately, there have always been very few wisdom path Gu Immortals. I now have a complete wisdom path inheritance, we must not fail to take measures against such methods. Old Bai, although you passed the earthly calamity, don’t be in a hurry to go to Eastern Sea. I will use some wisdom path methods on you to deal with other wisdom path Gu Immortals.”


Tai Bai Yun Sheng was extremely moved, bowing at Fang Yuan: “Then I shall trouble you!”


“Haha, we are family, there is no need for thanks.” Fang Yuan dismissed it indifferently, his gaze once again landing on the ground.


In just a few moments, all the feathermen on the ground had suicided, there was not even one who wanted to remain alive!


Fang Yuan momentarily showed a slightly moved expression.


The feathermen seeking death of their own accord made him recall a person in the depths of his memories.


In fact, this person was also a featherman.


When Fang Yuan was still a mortal Gu Master in his previous life, this featherman, who was an assassin, tried to kill Fang Yuan multiple times.


One who understands you even more than friends is often your enemy.


Fang Yuan remembered that one time during a difficult battle, he had discovered the secret of this strong assassin who repeatedly tried to kill him. This assassin was not a human, but a featherman!


“You are a featherman? Your wings have been cut off? That is so sad.” Fang Yuan used a verbal attack.


“Hehehe, I myself cut off this pair of wings.” The featherman assassin laughed sinisterly: “Do you want to know why?”


Fang Yuan’s expression slightly changed: “Why?”


“Hmm, because the featherman village’s chief always praised me, saying I am a featherman genius that came by once in a hundred years, the pillar of the featherman village, a flying quasi-grandmaster and what not. It was truly annoying! The chief always warned me that I am a featherman and I am part of the village. I wanted to leave the village to see the world, not only did the chief dissuade me, even all the feathermen in the village stopped me. Hmph, I know they were afraid I would reveal the location of the village and attract human slave hunters. So, one day, I could not withstand it any longer and cut off my wings. Then on that very day, I killed all the feathermen in the village.” As he said this, this featherman assassin’s expression was one of pride, he smiled lightly.


“What?!” Fang Yuan was shocked.


The featherman assassin shrugged indifferently: “You have read <<The Legends of Ren Zu>>, right? Feathermen believe in freedom. My heart for freedom only happened to be dozens of times more vigorous than ordinary feathermen. My featherman identity bound me, so I cut off my wings. The village I grew up in and the villagers constrained me, so I killed them. Because in this world, no one can restrict my freedom.”


Fang Yuan’s expression immediately turned heavy and he was on full alert. Back then, he had yet to tread on the demonic path, immediately he shouted: “You lunatic!”


“Hahaha.” The featherman assassin laughed loudly: “Thanks for the compliment!”


He added: “Actually, you and I are of the same kind.”


“Who the hell is the same kind as you?!” Fang Yuan’s young face showed a furious expression, as he shouted and pounced forward to fight.




