Chapter 87: Attitude Is the Mask of the Heart


Fang Yuan could see the intentions behind the offer. The clan leader was probing him.

His gaze swept through the practice grounds. The top three teams in the entire clan were here: Qing Shu’s group of the clan leader’s faction, Chi Shan’s group of the Chi faction, and Mo Yan’s group of the Mo faction.

A regular student would be ecstatic to join any of these groups. It meant joining one of the three factions and receiving their backing, and an undeniably bright future awaited.

But to Fang Yuan, it was the reverse.

In the eyes of the higher-ups, he was already part of a mysterious faction. Joining any of the three spelled trouble.

For example, if he joined Chi Shan’s team, the Chi family obviously knew they did not recruit him. Their first thought would be — Fang Yuan is a pawn of another faction, but now he’s joined our group. What intentions does he have?

Next they would think — The mysterious faction that recruited Fang Yuan earlier broke the rules, and now that Fang Yuan has joined us, the clan leader will think that we were the ones who recruited him. Won’t we be blamed for their rule-breaking? That will not do, we have to arrest Fang Yuan, keep a close eye on him, and investigate him! We shall find concrete evidence and reveal this mysterious backer of his.

But the truth was, Fang Yuan had no backer!

Once I join any of the three groups, it means I am offending one of the three biggest factions in the clan. That will definitely not do! I originally wanted to keep a low profile and join Jiang He’s group, but they are backed by the Punishment Hall Elder. Under everyone’s watchful eyes, joining them is inappropriate as well. Fang Yuan inevitably hesitated.

Gu Yue Bo’s smile deepened further. “Fang Yuan, if you don’t choose, I’ll select one for you.”

The clan elders beside him stood like statues, watching quietly with expressionless faces.

Hmph, forcing me? Fang Yuan’s gaze shone. He immediately guessed Gu Yue Bo’s next words: he would be sent to either Chi Shan’s group or Mo Yan’s group.

Gu Yue Bo knew that he did not recruit Fang Yuan. Throwing Fang Yuan to one of those groups would not only remove suspicion on himself but also weaken his foe, as well as reveal the mysterious backer. It was killing three birds with one stone. Although it seemed simple, it was a strategic move that showed Gu Yue Bo’s experience in politics.

No, I must not let him choose. It seems I can only choose a crappy group. Fang Yuan was about to open his mouth.

Suddenly, someone spoke. “Why don’t you join our team? We’re lacking an attacker.”

Who said that?

At once, everyone turned around towards the source of the voice.

The person speaking was neither tall nor short, with dark yellow skin that made him look sickly. His triangular eyes shone with brilliance.

“It’s the Sickly Snake, Jiao San[1],” someone said.

“Jiao San? His team is just trash with no background!” The clan leader and clan elders all showed disappointed expressions.

Jiao San… Fang Yuan’s eyes gleamed with a barely-perceptible light.

He had never met or spoken with Jiao San, and he had no memories of such a person.

Why did Jiao San speak up and invite him into his team? Was it purely because he’d gotten first place in the examination?

How could that be!

Only someone as childish as Fang Zheng would have such a naive thought.

But…

Since Jiao San had invited Fang Yuan personally, it allowed him to break out of the situation.

The higher-ups will be quite disappointed. Hehe. Fang Yuan smiled as his eyes narrowed to hide the brilliance within them.

“Then I’ll join your group.” Fang Yuan agreed on the spot, blocking Gu Yue Bo’s upcoming words.

“Is Fang Yuan an idiot?”

“He’s ignoring the top performing groups and joining the Sickly Snake’s group!”

“He must be bonkers. With Jiao San’s personality, hehehe…”

The students and Gu Masters started to discuss, looking at Fang Yuan like he was a fool.

The clan leader’s and elders’ expressions grew dim.

Their probe was thwarted by this Jiao San! No…maybe he was also a pawn in this game. In any case, they had to investigate Jiao San!

•••

Three days later.

It had already been snowing for a day, and as the snowfall grew lighter, snowflakes danced in the wind.

Qing Mao Mountain was covered in a layer of white. The trees were naked, save for the evergreen pines and Qing Mao bamboo, which retained their original colors and stood proudly in the snow.

A group of five figures ran across the field of white.

The leader was neither short nor tall and had sickly yellow skin. It was Jiao San.

As he ran, he turned towards Fang Yuan, smiling gently. “Fang Yuan, don’t be nervous. Although this is your first clan mission, the contents are simple. Just follow us and learn along the way.”

“Yes,” Fang Yuan lightly replied, staring forward with a solemn expression.

It was already winter.

Running made the chilly winter winds even more intense. Every breath was like eating snow, the chill filling his entire chest.

Fang Yuan’s face was originally very white, and under the light reflected from the snow, it appeared even paler. The falling snow kept accumulating on his short black hair, shoulders, and forehead.

The main difference in his appearance compared to before was his clothes.

He wore dark blue battle attire.

It had long sleeves and long pants, with bamboo sheets tied on his legs as wrappings. Bamboo shoes adorned his feet, and on his head, there was a bright blue headband, the trailing ends fluttering in the air as he ran.

On his waist, there was a loose green belt bearing a bronze plate engraved with the number “1”; it was very eye-catching.

This was a Gu Master’s attire, showing Fang Yuan’s status as a rank one Gu Master.

Youths had to stay a year in the academy and graduate before they were allowed to wear it.

This attire held great significance. Once worn, it meant that one had transcended the realm of mortals and entered the middle class of the entire human race. Even if rank one Gu Masters were the bottom of this tier, from now on, a mortal had to give way to Fang Yuan and pay their respects to him.

Jiao San’s eyes flickered as he observed Fang Yuan. The battle attire, together with Fang Yuan’s cold expression, gave him the atmosphere of a cool and collected person.

While running, he continued speaking. “We are out on a mission, and we often have to move quickly. Running is quite typical. Are you used to it?”

“I can manage.” Fang Yuan spoke like his words were precious as gold. He looked at Jiao San out of the corner of his eye.

Jiao San’s warm and kind expression reminded him of «The Legends of Ren Zu».

•••

Ren Zu was said to have used the Rules and Regulations Gu to capture all the Gu in the world, but most of them escaped. He obtained Strength once again but lost Wisdom, and only three Gu remained within the net. One was Suspicion, one was Belief, and the last was Attitude. They made a bet that they would all run at the same time, and whichever of them Ren Zu captured would have to submit to him.

In the end, Ren Zu caught Attitude Gu.

Attitude Gu followed the rules of their bet and submitted to Ren Zu. “Human, you caught me, I can only curse my bad luck. From now on, I will be at your command. Wear me, and you will be able to use my ability.”

Attitude Gu looked like a mask. Ren Zu put it on his face, but in the end he could not wear it. Even if he used a rope to tie it in place, it would still fall off.

“What’s going on?” Ren Zu was troubled.

Attitude Gu laughed. “I know why. Human, you have no heart. Attitude is the mask of the heart, so without one, how can you wear me?”

Ren Zu realized at once that he had already given his heart to hope.

He was heartless.

Someone who was heartless could not wear the mask of attitude. In other words, to someone with a heart — an intention — their attitude was a mask.

•••

This kind and warm attitude is only Jiao San’s mask, what are his real intentions? Fang Yuan pondered.

While the “Sickly Snake” Jiao San observed Fang Yuan, Fang Yuan was also secretly observing him.

* * *

[1]. Jiao San (角三) – “three angles”, probably a reference to his triangular eyes.

