Chapter 88: Hazing, Bullying, and Suppression


Five figures ran through the snow.


Jiao San looked at the sky and said, “It’s getting dark. Our mission this time is to collect permafrost decayed soil. Although it is easy, it consumes too much time. We’ll have to speed up. Everyone, follow me and try not to get left behind. Fang Yuan, if you are unable to keep up, just inform us. Don’t worry, you are a newcomer, we will take care of you.”


Jiao San smiled very amicably.


Fang Yuan nodded silently.


The other three members exchanged glances. There was still plenty of time before nightfall, and Jiao San had no need to warn them. In reality, he wanted to give Fang Yuan an initial display of authority.


The three knew this deep down, but did not expose him.


In actuality, these kinds of authoritative displays were common. When groups took in new members, they would usually do a bit of hazing to humble the newcomers and make them more pliable.


“Let’s go,” Jiao San said lightly, and set out ahead of everyone.


Fang Yuan’s eyes flashed. He set out at the same pace as the other three, following closely behind.


Their bamboo shoes left deep footprints as they passed.


The mountain road was full of obstacles and it was difficult to traverse even under normal circumstances. With the thick layer of snow, it became even more dangerous. Who knew if there were sharp rocks or pitfalls waiting underneath?


In the worst case, they might even step into a hunter’s trap.


Living in this world was tough. Traveling seemed easy, but in fact it had much to do with experience. Many newcomers suffered due to this.


Only through a long period of training and hardship would a Gu Master accumulate the experience necessary to avoid these obstacles.


The chilly winter winds blew directly in Fang Yuan’s face as he strode through the snow.


At times he took small leaps, at times he ran long distances. Sometimes he sidestepped, sometimes he climbed, all the while following closely behind Jiao San.


At times, squirrels or wild deer were frightened by their approach and fled.


Thirty minutes later, Jiao San stopped in his tracks, finally reaching their destination.


He turned towards Fang Yuan, smiling. “Good job! You truly are this year’s champion, to follow behind me and not lose your pace once.”


Fang Yuan smiled silently. He was quite familiar with this kind of hazing. In fact, sprinting in the snow had practically become a tradition. Many teams used this to suppress a newcomer’s arrogance.


The two stood there and waited until the remaining three members arrived.


Puff, huff, puff…


They took deep breaths, their foreheads full of sweat and their faces red. Two of them bent down and placed their hands on their knees to rest, while the last of them plopped down on the ground.


Jiao San glared at them. “Stand straight! Haven’t you embarrassed us enough? Look at Fang Yuan. Hmph, after this mission, go back and reflect on yourselves.”


The three immediately stood up straight and lowered their heads. They did not dare to raise their heads or rebuke Jiao San.


But the way they looked at Fang Yuan changed.


How strange, how can Fang Yuan be so experienced? I did not see him fall even once!


We only have normal strength, how can we compete with this monster?


Hmph, not only did we not get a show to watch, we even became the sacrificial lambs. This guy…


“Enough, buck up.” Jiao San pointed forward. “This small valley is our destination. It’s a good place to collect permafrost decayed soil. Let’s split up here and harvest the frozen earth. We will gather back here in an hour. Kong Jing, distribute the tools.”


At Jiao San’s words, the male team member called Kong Jing stood up.


He opened his hand wide and a yellow light shot out from the aperture in his abdomen, landing on his palm.


The yellow light dispersed, revealing a frog with a golden back.


It was plump and had a giant snow-white belly that made it look like a ball when inflated. The frog’s mouth and eyes were compressed by its massive belly into a small area at the top of its head.


Fang Yuan recognized this Gu worm: it was the rank two Large Belly Frog.


Kong Jing’s hands emitted traces of red steel primeval essence, which were absorbed by the frog.


Ribbit.


The Large Belly Frog screeched, opening its mouth to vomit out a tiny steel shovel.


It spun as it flew through the air. In the blink of an eye, it landed on the ground, now grown to half the size of a person.


Ribbit, ribbit, ribbit…


It called out several times, throwing up a tool each time.


Eventually, the snowfield before them was littered with five steel spades and five wooden boxes. The wooden boxes all had two straps attached, suitable for carrying on one’s back.


Feeding Gu worms was a large burden. Thus, Gu Masters would only have a few Gu. Especially during the early stages of cultivation, it was difficult to have Gu for every situation, so Gu Masters often worked in groups.


In such teams, someone would be responsible for reconnaissance, someone for offense, someone for defense, someone for healing, and someone as logistics support.


Kong Jing was a logistics support Gu Master. He controlled this Large Belly Frog, which was a support Gu worm that had a storage space in its belly.


Of course, every Gu had its strengths and weaknesses.


The Large Belly Frog had several. Its storage space was quite limited, and every time it vomited out an item, it had to croak loudly. If a Gu Master was trying to hide, it could easily reveal their location.


In addition, it could not store Gu worms, nor could it store poisonous objects.


Each member took a shovel and box.


“Let’s set off.” Jiao San waved his hand, leading the party into the valley.


Fang Yuan held the steel spade and carried the wooden box, heading to another part of the valley.


He is after all a newbie, rushing in like that. Hehe.


Permafrost decayed soil is not easy to harvest. If he cannot differentiate it, he might get normal frozen earth and waste his efforts.


The truth is, it’s really difficult to tell it apart. It looks pretty much the same as normal frozen earth, especially under the cover of all the accumulated snow, so newbies can only rely on their luck.


The three members looked at Fang Yuan’s back receding into the distance and laughed mentally.


An hour later, they were stunned. Fang Yuan had returned with an entire box of permafrost decayed soil.


The rest of their boxes were only half-filled with the stuff.


Seeing Fang Yuan’s box, they were almost ashamed to show their results.


“It’s all permafrost decayed soil!” one teammate observed carefully, and was even more shocked.


“Fang Yuan, how did you gather so much?” one of the women asked, unable to hold in her curiosity.


Fang Yuan’s brows raised, and the light from the snow reflected in his eyes, lending them an air of clarity.


He laughed lightly. “The academy elder taught us in class. Permafrost decayed soil is a fertilizer created when the swamp freezes in winter. It has a hint of purple in the blackness, and is actually very smelly, but because it is frozen, the scent is suppressed. It is the Smelly Fart Fat Worm’s food, and very fertile. It’s often mixed with the soil at the farms to grow crops. The clan likely set this mission to gather fertilizer for the underground cave’s moon orchid flowers.”


His words caused the four to be frozen on the spot.


These theories were obviously learned in the academy. But theory and practice are very different. Has Fang Yuan collected permafrost decayed soil before? The three members looked at each other in shock.


Jiao San’s eyes gleamed. “Good job, Fang Yuan.”


Even as he praised him, his usual warm and kind smile became a little forced.


Jiao San turned to the rest. “It seems our mission is completed. Everyone pass your spades and boxes to Kong Jing, and let’s return.”


When they got back to the village, it was already late afternoon.


The five walked out of the Internal Affairs Hall. Jiao San distributed the six primeval stones they earned. He got two, while the rest of the members got one.


The primeval stones were easily earned, so the members all broke out in smiles.


Fang Yuan stowed the primeval stone without a word.


But in his heart, he thought, When a newcomer joins a team, the clan usually gives a larger reward for the mission as a form of support for the new member. The reward for this mission was at most two primeval stones, but because I joined, they gave three times more. Traditionally, the newcomer would receive a greater share. If the sprint through the snow was meant to haze me, and having us collect the frozen soil separately was bullying, then the distribution of primeval stones is suppression.


One or two primeval was not a concern for Fang Yuan. It was just strange — he and Jiao San had never even met, so why was Jiao San suppressing him?


Unless… Inspiration struck him.


