Chapter 881: Five Finger Fist Heart Sword


Bam bam bam!


Countless immortal killer moves were showcased by Lang Ya land spirit.


Wood path, fire path, water path, ice path, time path, space path, all sorts of attacks resembled fireworks in the sky, they were fatal yet extremely beautiful.


Even the strong Qin Bai Sheng could only defend himself, he could not fight back at the moment.


“Is this still a land spirit? He is simply too fierce!” Hei Cheng saw that Qin Bai Sheng was being pushed back as Lang Ya land spirit chased after him relentlessly, feeling dry in his throat.


“Are you done fooling around?!” A moment later, Qin Bai Sheng shouted loudly.


In the air, golden light resembling a sun burst out.


The golden light was simply too bright, everyone could not look at it directly.


A vast amount of radiation accompanied the golden light and burst out, filling the entire world! Temperature rose rapidly, as if the world was getting roasted.


Soul path and metal path — dual immortal killer move — burning soul supreme gold!


Lang Ya land spirit was very unique, he was not afraid of the effect of soul burning, but burning soul supreme gold was an extremely rare immortal killer move that combined both offense and defense.




Once he used this move, Qin Bai Sheng turned into a miniature sun, he shined brightly in this world, it was almost as if he became the ruler of the world!


Lang Ya land spirit’s attacks were all disrupted or resisted.


If it were an ordinary opponent, facing the land spirit’s insane outburst, there was a possibility of him killing the opponent through mere brute force.


But his opponent was not an ordinary Gu Immortal, he was the Vice Envoy of Shadow Sect, Qin Bai Sheng!


Qin Bai Sheng resisted countless killer moves, he managed to catch a breather as he found a chance to attack.


Once he attacked, Lang Ya land spirit’s wave of attacks faltered, as he received an intense counter attack immediately.


Compared to him, even though Lang Ya land spirit had many advantages and a deep foundation, he was not a Gu Immortal, his wisdom in fighting was very low.


For example, when he used these immortal killer moves, even though it was a magnificent sight, none of the moves worked together, they even disrupted each other and caused much of the strength to be wasted.


In this regard, Fang Yuan was much better than him. Be it the coordination between star cloud grindstone and star snake ropes, or six illusion star bodies and position star swap, Lang Ya land spirit had much to learn.


The land spirit was only an obsession left behind after a Gu Immortal died, after all, a special existence formed by fusing obsession with heavenly power.




If the land spirit had Fang Yuan’s intelligence, once he had the advantage like earlier, Qin Bai Sheng would not be able to fight back.


But the land spirit was not Fang Yuan, Qin Bai Sheng managed to find a chance to counter attack.


Burning soul supreme gold became the turning point of the battle.


Lang Ya land spirit’s attacks were obstructed, as Qin Bai Sheng regained the initiative and did not hand over that initiative again.


The battle situation turned around at this moment.


Lang Ya land spirit was forced to retreat, suppressed by Qin Bai Sheng’s attacks.


Qin Bai Sheng attacked with one-tenth of the frequency of Lang Ya land spirit, but each of his attacks, each immortal killer move he used had great coordination with each other, he set layers of traps and caused Lang Ya land spirit to feel deeply restrained, the more he sank, the harder it was for him to turn this around, he had no chances left.


Qin Bai Sheng had rich battle experience, his methods were ruthless and steady, Fang Yuan, Hei Cheng, and Mo Tan Sang were staring with trembling eyelids.


“What do we do? It is guaranteed that the land spirit loses!” Mo Tan Sang looked towards Fang Yuan with an anxious expression.


Fang Yuan did not answer, he was hesitant.


Lang Ya land spirit charged out without saying a word, putting himself in danger, he was simply being stupid!


Land spirits were not afraid of Qin Bai Sheng’s soul suppression, but Fang Yuan and Mo Tan Sang were susceptible to this attack.


Unless they had a way to overcome it, or a method that could resist this soul path killer move.


At once, Fang Yuan fell into another situation where he was powerless, when he used six illusion star bodies and position star swap to stall for time with Hui Feng Zi and He Lang Zi.


Mo Tan Sang looked at Fang Yuan, seeing that this unknown Gu Immortal had no intentions of joining the fight, he started to feel anxious.


Even though Lang Ya land spirit was not quite reasonable and had absurd ambitions, wanting to enslave all the inkmen.


But Mo Tan Sang was a formidable person, in Fang Yuan’s previous life, he made use of Ma Hong Yun’s rise to power and ensured that his inkman tribe grew.


So what if Lang Ya land spirit’s intentions were a hundred times as absurd?


To Mo Tan Sang, the new Lang Ya land spirit was much more useful for the benefits of the inkman tribe than the previous land spirit. Working with him had much greater prospects.


Mo Tan Sang was moved.


But Qin Bai Sheng was overly powerful, Mo Tan Sang did not want to die here, but he was wary of Qin Bai Sheng, he wanted to drag Fang Yuan into this.


Fang Yuan was unmoved.


Lang Ya land spirit changed so drastically, for Fang Yuan, this was also an opportunity.


But Fang Yuan was used to being vigilant, he did not want to take an excessive risk.


In the past, he took risks because he had no choice, and the rewards were also too immense. But now, it was an opportunity to save the land spirit, but the risks were too great.


He was different from Mo Tan Sang.


Once the land spirit died, Mo Tan Sang would be trapped here, he had no choice but to fight.


But Fang Yuan had Fixed Immortal Travel, he could leave at any time, thus he decided to sit on the fence and observe the situation!


Boom!


Lang Ya land spirit was hit directly by Qin Bai Sheng’s attack, he was like a rubber ball that was tossed away, rapidly crashing into the cloud soil on the thick ground.


The cloud soil was very soft, Lang Ya land spirit sank deep into the soil, creating a huge pit.


He wanted to teleport away, but he found that there was a golden chain coiling around his body.


The land spirit struggled intensely, but he could not move.


“It is over.” Qin Bai Sheng’s expression was stern, he slowly flew towards the sky above the land spirit, looking down with a cold expression.


Qin Bai Sheng retracted his entire aura, his arms gathered at his chest, his palms placed together, he was like a mediating old monk, at the same time, he slowly shut his eyes and lowered his head.


“He is trying to do something… now is the best time to save the land spirit!” Mo Tan Sang felt something amiss, he shouted loudly.


Fang Yuan ignored him completely, he stared fixedly at Qin Bai Sheng, feeling shock inwardly: “This posture, is this the legendary… that move?”


Earlier during battle, Qin Bai Sheng was as fierce as a tiger out of the mountain, a heavenly dragon ravaging the seas, he was unstoppable as he charged forward.


But right now, his palms were placed together as he lowered his head and shut his eyes, he was like a piece of dead wood, without any life in him.


These two conditions of his formed a clear contrast.


Slowly, Qin Bai Sheng’s right hand, which was in contact with his left hand, moved, it was like he was trying to pull out something precious, as his right hand slowly clenched into a fist.


Afterwards, his left hand was still at the original position, but his tightly clenched right fist was lifted, above his chest and shoulder, above his head, until it was fixed right above his head.


Qin Bai Sheng’s eyes were shut, there were no emotions on his face, his head was lowered as his aura was completely retracted into his body.


His left hand was open, at the center of his chest, his right hand was clenched into a fist, raised high up in the sky.


Mo Tan Sang did not know why this was happening, but he understood that Qin Bai Sheng would not make such an action unnecessarily, once he attacked, it would be a devastating blow, it would shake the earth!


Lang Ya land spirit could feel an immense sense of danger, he struggled intensely, the golden chains around him started breaking as numerous cracks appeared on them.


But it was too late.


“That’s right, it is that move! Sword Immortal Bo Qing’s legendary move, widely renowned in Central Continent. Qin Bai Sheng is a Northern Plains Gu Immortal, how can he possess this move?” Fang Yuan gulped as he felt a heavy feeling, he did not dare to save the land spirit.


Sword path immortal killer move — Five Finger Fist Heart Sword!


First finger!


Qin Bai Sheng raised the thumb of his right hand.


From the right fist that he held high in the air, a sword light shot out.


Fast! Fast! Fast!


The speed of the sword light was beyond belief.


The moment it was shot out, it pierced Lang Ya land spirit’s forehead.


Lang Ya land spirit, who was struggling intensely, had his skull penetrated by this sword light in an instant.


His movements came to a halt, he was still like a statue as he stared blankly at Qin Bai Sheng, who was in the sky.


At the next moment, Lang Ya land spirit struggled even more intensely like he was jolted by lightning.


If it were Fang Yuan who suffered this blow, even if he was an immortal zombie, he would have died. But Lang Ya land spirit was a special existence, there were no weakness or fatal points on his body.


But this blow did deal severe damage to him. His head, which was originally clear and compact, started to become blurry.


Second finger!


Qin Bai Sheng raised his index finger.


The second sword light shot out from his hand, it was just as fast as before.


The sword light pierced Lang Ya land spirit’s right arm, the land spirit shouted in pain as his right arm became blurry and unclear.


Third finger!


The third sword light pierced Lang Ya land spirit’s left arm, he cried out in agony as his left arm also started to fade.


“Save him, quick, once the land spirit dies, we are all finished!” Mo Tan Sang saw this situation and shouted in anxiety.


Fang Yuan’s gaze was heavy, but his body was still as a mountain, he did not make any attempt to save him.


A lump of star cloud grindstone appeared in front of Fang Yuan.


If the situation did not turn around, Fang Yuan had decided to use Fixed Immortal Travel to escape from Lang Ya blessed land.


Fourth finger!


At this moment, Qin Bai Sheng raised the ring finger of his right hand.


“Save me!!” Lang Ya land spirit could not stay calm, he shouted in panic.


“Let’s risk it!” Mo Tan Sang shouted at Fang Yuan, charging out and using his killer move, attacking from afar.


But the fourth sword light had already shot out.


Clang!


A sharp noise of collision could be heard from within the pit.


A figure appeared in front of Lang Ya land spirit, blocking the fourth sword light.


“This aura, it is a rank seven Gu Immortal.” Fang Yuan was still inside the cloud building, sensing that an unknown aura had appeared, brilliance flashed across his eyes.


This was the change.


As he had expected, Lang Ya blessed land still had trump cards left.


Whoosh whoosh whoosh!


Soon, eight more figures appeared out of nowhere, piercing the air and landing around the pit, protecting Lang Ya land spirit.


Mo Tan Sang quickly stopped in his tracks, he focused and looked, shouting in surprise: “So many hairy man Gu Immortals?!”


The reinforcements were here!


The nine Gu Immortals that came were all hairy men.


The hairy man Gu Immortal that saved Lang Ya land spirit was the only rank seven, the rest of them were all rank six.


Hei Cheng’s expression changed, he said in disbelief: “How can this be?”


There were so many hairy man Gu Immortals, the numbers had completely flipped around.


Mo Tan Sang showed joy in his face.


But Fang Yuan frowned.


“To receive the protection of so many hairy man Gu Immortals, it seems this really is Lang Ya land spirit. But he is completely different from the previous land spirit.” Qin Bai Sheng slowly opened his eyes, he lowered his arms as he dispelled the five finger fist heart sword. His lips curled into a smile as he showed a confident smile of victory.


From the start, he had no intentions of killing Lang Ya land spirit. What he wanted was for these hairy man Gu Immortals to appear.


“Something’s wrong!” Fang Yuan’s forehead was wrinkled from his frown.


“The two land spirits are completely different in personality, but the former would not leave such immense battle strength aside and yet request for help from an outsider like me no matter how stupid he was.”


Fang Yuan’s eyes shined with inspiration, he realized Qin Bai Sheng’s motive: “Unless, the enemy’s true goal was not Lang Ya blessed land in the first place?!”




