Chapter 882: The Real Lang Ya Blessed Land


Lang Ya blessed land was concealing so many hairy man Gu Immortals, but why did the previous Lang Ya land spirit not take them out even in such a dangerous situation?


Fang Yuan guessed the reason for this was the rank eight Immortal Gu House Refinement Cauldron!


The Lang Ya land spirit in the form of an elderly human had probably arranged all the hairy man Gu Immortals to be in Refinement Cauldron.


Long Hair Ancestor’s true identity was a hairy man, Lang Ya land spirit loved hairy men like they were his own children. In accordance with these thoughts, he did not want to let hairy man Gu Immortals die, thus he arranged them in Refinement Cauldron.


More importantly, the Immortal Gu House also required Gu Immortals to control it, and the more Gu Immortals there were, the more power the Immortal Gu House could unleash.


When Tai Bai Yun Sheng had attacked Yu Lu blessed land and met a predicament, all the Gu Immortals had combined their strengths to activate an Immortal Gu House, Profound Ice House.


This amplified the strength of Profound Ice House, to the extent that it was enough to break through the battlefield killer move and move all the Gu Immortals to safety.


The more hairy man Gu Immortals in Refinement Cauldron, the more powerful it would be and the faster it could refine the Immortal Gu of others.


Fang Yuan was almost certain that in the previous three invading waves, Lang Ya land spirit had arranged the hairy men in there and refined the invading Gu Immortals’ Immortal Gu, thus being able to capture them alive.


This was the fourth wave of attack and the enemies were strong beyond expectation, the human form Lang Ya land spirit could not resolve this problem, and had no choice but to let the other obsession take control over the body to resolve the issue.


‘However, this hairy man land spirit also has a defect in his mind. Going personally to battle and only at the crucial moment between life and death, he summoned the hairy man Gu Immortals.’ Fang Yuan inwardly shook his head before paying attention to the battlefield.




Qin Bai Sheng, Hei Cheng and the hairy man Gu Immortals fell into a stalemate.


Plop.


Suddenly, that rank seven hairy man Gu Immortal who blocked a strike from five finger fist heart sword for Lang Ya land spirit fell to the ground.


“First Hair?”


“First Hair?”


The hairy man Gu Immortals were in a commotion, as they cast concerned gazes while exclaiming in shock.


“First Hair, First Hair, what’s wrong with you? First Hair?!” A female hairy man Gu Immortal knelt down beside First Hair, hugging his chest, but she found his body was already filled with sword energy and could not be any more dead.


“First Hair, First Hair, you can’t die, First Hair!” The female hairy man Gu Immortal started crying, her mind completely collapsed.


“Second Hair, don’t cry.”


“Maybe lord land spirit has a way!”




“Second Hair, if you cry, we will also want to cry. Boo hoo hoo…”


Many hairy man Gu Immortals unexpectedly turned away from Qin Bai Sheng, and approached Gu Immortal Second Hair, consoling her in a soft voice.


Some hairy man Gu Immortals also started crying or choked while sobbing.


Fang Yuan and Mo Tan Sang were dazed.


At this moment, they finally understood why Lang Ya land spirit did not send these hairy men to the battle and arranged them in Refinement Cauldron!


Because the ability of these hairy men in battle was simply at the dregs.


Ah, no, calling them dregs would be too flattering!


Faced with mortal enemies, they actually were weakening themselves, crying and letting their minds collapse.


It seemed like these hairy man Gu Immortals were raised as purely refinement assistants by Lang Ya land spirit. It was certain they were experts in refining Gu, and even more certain that they were not specialized in battle!


Lang Ya land spirit’s face was ashen, he got rid of the restraint and approached and inspected the dead hairy man Gu Immortal, he heaved a bitter sigh before closing the aggrieved eyelids of the rank seven hairy man Gu Immortal.


“Ahhh, no…!” The female hairy man Gu Immortal, Second Hair, was completely broken. She gave a scream and fell down on First Hair’s corpse, her eyes turned as she fainted.


Other hairy man Gu Immortals rushed to treat her.


Even more of them looked at Qin Bai Sheng with innocent tears in their eyes, accusing: “Heavens, why are there cruel and savage Gu Immortals like you? We had no animosity between us, why would you attack us, why would you take an innocent Gu Immortal’s life? Isn’t peaceful coexistence a good thing?”


Hearing these words, Mo Tan Sang and Fang Yuan completely lost all hope in these hairy men.


These hairy man Gu Immortals seemed to have been raised very protectively by Lang Ya land spirit, like greenhouse flowers, they had not experienced the baptism of the cruelty of the outside world, they had fully been invested into cultivating refinement path while there was a giant hole in their fighting aspects.


“Hand over the Immortal Gu House, Refinement Cauldron, and I won’t harm you.” Qin Bai Sheng sneered.


“Impossible! Don’t even think of it!!” Lang Ya land spirit furiously stared at Qin Bai Sheng, refusing directly. His attitude was firm with no signs of hesitation.


“Hmph, you want to rely on Refinement Cauldron to forcibly refine our Immortal Gu. Don’t expect such naive thoughts to work on me, I simply won’t give you the time to use it.”


Qin Bai Sheng scoffed before pausing for a moment, as if he sensed something.


He mumbled to himself, then continued: “Oh, did you already prepare, then let’s begin! This hindrance, I shall break it first!”


He raised his voice, his gaze directed at the cloud building.


Immortal killer move — City Crushing Hammer!


A giant hammer came crashing down on to the building, Fang Yuan’s mind moved rapidly, deciding to move away and not stand out at this moment.


However, Lang Ya land spirit’s situation was still not at its extremes, so Fang Yuan did not plan to escape.


Rumble!


The cloud building behind him was crumbled apart, like a translucent screen, by the city crushing hammer.


Fang Yuan flew out in a miserable state, and when he appeared in front of everyone, his appearance had already changed once more.


He had transformed into a hairy man.


Qin Bai Sheng snorted, giving a meaningful look at Fang Yuan before looking elsewhere.


The cloud building was destroyed, the boundless fog immediately dispersed.


This had been the last cloud building, the other one had been found by Hui Feng Zi and was already destroyed.


By now, all the five buildings that had remained when Fang Yuan came as support were already destroyed.


Twelve wave cloud confusion formation was broken!


There was white sky and white ground.


The sky was pure white and the ground was white cloud soil.


Qin Bai Sheng looked around, disdainfully smiling: “A laughable disguise.”


The next moment, he looked at the sky with a look of exultation.


He suddenly grabbed at the sky and shouted with a longing tone: “Come, Refinement Cauldron!”


At the same time, in another two locations, the mysterious black robed Gu Immortal and Fairy Jiang Yu also followed the suit, however, they grabbed at the cloud soil on the ground.


Crackle!


The sky erupted with thunder, lightning flashed, clouds surged, and space broke apart.


A loud sound reverberated as if a formless colossal monster was using its sharp claws to tear the cloud soil!


A giant crack appeared on the thick cloud soil like it was cotton.


The crack ran through from east to west, extending to the end of all the immortals’ vision.


“This is?!” Mo Tan Sang’s pupils contracted.


“So this is the true Lang Ya blessed land… this is a really extravagant set up, everything that I had seen so far was only the surface?” Right now, even Fang Yuan was greatly startled.


The immortals gazed down the giant crack and saw a boundless ocean below the cloud soil.


The ocean actually had three enormous continents!


On these three continents, there were dense forests, steep mountains, vast prairies, foggy swamps…


Countless beings were living on the continents. The sky had birds and giant dragons, the ocean had sea monsters and fish, the earth had ants, tiger-elephants… There were all kinds of living beings forming an unusual food chain on the three continents!


In these three continents, the hairy men were the only rulers, occupying the dominant position.


Countless villages and cities were spread in the mountains, prairies and river banks of the three continents… There were even many hairy men exploring the ocean, their traces all over the many islands in the ocean.


Here, the hairy men got up and worked when the day began and rested when night fell. They refined Gu and competed with each other fairly, living a life where they were the top position in the food chain.


“So the place I had been standing on until now, was no more than the clouds in the sky of the blessed land?” Mo Tan Sang’s whole body shook.


“How is this possible? With such a large space, this is still a blessed land? Even ordinary grotto-heavens don’t have such a huge space! This Lang Ya blessed land has already surpassed the majority of grotto-heavens!!” Hei Cheng was thoroughly shocked.


“How did he achieve this? Lang Ya blessed land… this is simply another world! This far surpasses blessed lands and ordinary grotto-heavens.” Fang Yuan was full of doubts.


At this moment, the countless hairy men on the lands below, raised their heads and looked at the cloud layer where Fang Yuan and others were at.


“The cloud covering the continents are changing!”


“This rumored continent in the air seems to have been ripped in half?”


“Quick, report this situation to the elders!!”


Millions upon millions of hairy men fell into panic.


When immortals fight, mortals panic.


“This population…” Fang Yuan’s eyes opened wide, licking his lips as he shouted inwardly, “How huge of a fortune is this! Breathtaking, truly breathtaking. No wonder Lang Ya land spirit has an ambition to make hairy men dominate the world! This is simply a hairy man empire! No wonder there are so many hairy man Gu Immortals, they should have been chosen from these endless hairy men!”


Rumble!


The thunder in the sky became louder and louder. Countless lightning bolts cut through the sky, forming a net that quickly spread.


Amidst the strong wind, Qin Bai Sheng stood straight and proud like a spear. His clothes fluttered in the wind like a battle flag.


The space ruptured, and Gu worms showed up in the rupture.


They were the constituent parts of Refinement Cauldron.


At this sight, Lang Ya land spirit knew he could not delay any longer and shouted decisively: “Want to seize Refinement Cauldron? Dream on! Assemble the battle formation!”


“Yes, lord land spirit!” The hairy man Gu Immortals replied together.


At the same time, Lang Ya land spirit secretly transmitted his voice: “Mo Tan Sang, Fang Yuan, you guys also enter the formation quickly! Don’t count on these hairy man Gu Immortals. The main forces will be us three. As long as we can hold on for a while, these invaders will all die!”




