Chapter 884: Fatal Undercover Agents


Shortly, the Immortal Gu House Dark Prison would be crashing upon the silver giant like a meteor.


At this time, on three arms of the silver giant, a change occurred.


On one of the arms, the hand opened up as a lump of a star cloud spiral appeared on the palm, the spiral became larger and larger, it soon grew to five or six times the size of an ordinary star cloud grindstone, it spun fifty to sixty percent faster than usual.


Another arm was folded in front of its chest, as the forearm changed, conjuring a huge navy blue shield.


This shield was so huge that even with the silver giant’s height of several tens of meters, half of it was covered.


The final arm was hanging by its side, it seemed to be grasping onto a translucent light yellow veil, it was less eye-catching than the other two moves.


Immortal Gu House Dark Prison tore through the air, it was right in front of the giant.


The silver giant pushed forward with the star cloud grindstone.


A loud bang erupted from Dark Prison, as it was sucked into the star cloud grindstone.


The star cloud grindstone started to grind and emitted a loud sound, its shape expanded and shrunk at times, after several rounds of movement, it exploded.


The star cloud was destroyed, within the fragments of blue light, Immortal Gu House Dark Prison charged out like a wild bull.




The silver giant used its navy blue shield to block it.


Dark Prison crashed into the shield, after several breaths of time, huge amounts of cracks appeared on the shield at the area where it was in contact with Dark Prison, the shield broke soon after.


But after these two defenses, Dark Prison only had less than thirty percent of its original power.


Eventually, when Dark Prison crashed into the heavenly stem earth veil, it was weak and powerless, it was like an arrow that had used up its energy, it hit the silver giant’s chest and only caused inconsequential damage to the latter.


Even though Dark Prison was an Immortal Gu House, Hei Cheng was the only Gu Immortal activating it.


In this aspect, the ancient battle formation, Heavenly Giant Solor, was quite similar to an Immortal Gu House.


The more Gu Immortals were involved in activating them, the more power they could unleash.


But there was a difference between the two.


Immortal Gu Houses did not have any requirements towards the Gu Immortals’ paths and cultivation levels. In contrast, a battle formation did.


For example, Heavenly Giant Solor battle formation would work best if all the Gu Immortals inside were from the same path. That would make the silver giant stronger, and it would be more agile when manipulated.




Looking at the battle now, Fang Yuan was star path, Mo Tan Sang was qi path, Lang Ya land spirit was a unique existence, while the remaining hairy man Gu Immortals were refinement path Gu Immortals.


This caused Heavenly Giant Solor to not reach its maximum power. Thankfully, there were a lot of hairy men to set the foundation, otherwise, with so many different paths, the silver giant would not be able to form.


This was only the requirement of Heavenly Giant Solor.


Heavenly Giant Solor was the second most acclaimed battle formation among ancient battle formations, it did not have very strict requirements.


According to historical records, many other battle formations had very strict or strange requirements. Normally speaking, it was hard to fulfill those conditions and create the battle formation.


This weakness of battle formations was also a reason why they had vanished over history.


As a similar pinnacle achievement of formation path, Immortal Gu Houses were much more convenient than battle formations, this was a display of improvements over generations of time.


Throughout history, from ancient times to the present, each era had countless heroes and conquerors, talents and geniuses. The accumulations and wisdom of these people superimposed on one another, forming the current Gu cultivation era of numerous flourishing paths.


Even though many natural materials, treasures, fierce beasts and plants from the Olden Antiquity Era and Remote Antiquity Era were extinct already, generally speaking, the current era surpassed the ancient times, there was continuous progress.


Materials and Gu worms were only the foundation, the wisdom of Gu cultivators was the crucial point.


Boom! Boom! Boom!


Qin Bai Sheng placed almost all of his attention on the sky.


His gaze was heated, he raised both hands as he grabbed at the sky time and time again.


Following his actions, thunder resounded in the sky, pieces of the space broke like a mirror, one after another, Gu worms were exposed. Then, under a mysterious and profound force, these Gu worms were pulled down, landing in Qin Bai Sheng’s hands.


Qin Bai Sheng showed imposing might, he snatched these Gu worms like they were there for him to take.


At this moment, his demeanor was overwhelming, he looked like a heavenly deity, he was grabbing at the stars and the moon, he gave off a feeling of being invincible and unmatched.


There were two other people collecting Gu worms along with him at different locations, they were the mysterious black robed Gu Immortal and Fairy Jiang Yu.


“They are trying to take my Immortal Gu House, Refinement Cauldron, we cannot let them succeed. Otherwise, a huge amount of land in Lang Ya blessed land would collapse!” At the center of the battle formation, Lang Ya land spirit was screaming anxiously.


But it was no use.


Even though the silver giant blocked the charge of the Immortal Gu House Dark Prison, it could not stop Dark Prison from interrupting it.


Many times, the silver giant, under the land spirit’s control, tried to get close to Qin Bai Sheng, but Hei Cheng blocked it desperately.


Boom—!


At this time, with a loud bang, lightning flashed in the sky as an Immortal Gu appeared in the broken space for the first time.


“Good!” Qin Bai Sheng saw this and cried out unconsciously, his expression was full of joy.


He stretched his hand to grab it, although in fact, this Immortal Gu belonged to Lang Ya land spirit, but it could not resist as Qin Bai Sheng ‘easily’ captured it, keeping it in his storage.


Evidently, Qin Bai Sheng possessed some special method to take Immortal Gu from others.


Once this Immortal Gu was lost, a huge impact occurred.


Lang Ya blessed land shook intensely as huge waves appeared on the vast sea, crashing into the three continents.


Far away, at a corner of the world, an intense collapse occurred. Space shrunk as the sea water and living beings in this area were forced towards the center of the sea area.


“Qin Bai Sheng obtained only one Immortal Gu but it caused such a huge change in the blessed land?” Fang Yuan saw this and felt shock, he immediately had a vague guess over this.


“Stop, quickly stop!!” Lang Ya land spirit shouted anxiously.


The other hairy man Gu Immortals were also very worried, with the Immortal Gu taken away, there were huge repercussions to Lang Ya blessed land, the lives of the endless hairy men in the three continents were severely threatened!


But Dark Prison blocked the silver giant, Qin Bai Sheng had set up defensive measures around himself and could not be easily disrupted.


As Immortal Gu were taken away by Qin Bai Sheng one after another, Lang Ya blessed land started collapsing everywhere, tsunamis, hurricanes, floods, all these natural disasters formed, countless hairy men in the continents died.


This was a classic case of mortals suffering from a fight between immortals.


Fang Yuan saw this and affirmed his guess even more.


Lang Ya blessed land’s true space had far exceeded that of a conventional blessed land, it could match an outstanding grotto-heaven. But Lang Ya blessed land was merely a blessed land.


So how did Lang Ya land spirit achieve that?


Fang Yuan already knew that the environment inside an immortal aperture was greatly affected by the dao marks contained in the immortal aperture.


Thus, he naturally thought: “Lang Ya land spirit seems to have a unique method to fuse Immortal Gu into the world of this immortal aperture. This way, the dao mark fragments in the Immortal Gu would become the immortal aperture’s, and that would allow the immortal aperture to expand greatly.”


“But now that Qin Bai Sheng is forcefully taking the rank eight Immortal Gu House Refinement Cauldron, when the Immortal Gu were lost, Lang Ya blessed land lost a large amount of dao marks, this caused the environment to change, and the space inside to shrink.”


Fang Yuan guessed correctly.


It was due to this Immortal Gu House, Refinement Cauldron, being embedded into the world that Lang Ya blessed land could use the ample dao marks inside the Immortal Gu to create a huge space and generate countless resources, having an immensely abundant foundation.


Much credit was to be given to the previous Lang Ya land spirit.


After Refinement Cauldron was fused into the immortal aperture world, it was as if the entire immortal aperture was the inside of Refinement Cauldron, all of the living beings inside the immortal aperture were inside the refinement range of Refinement Cauldron.


It was because of Refinement Cauldron’s help that the previous Lang Ya land spirit could nurture a large number of hairy man Gu Immortals.


But doing that had a huge drawback.


Firstly, Refinement Cauldron could not be moved, it was stuck inside the blessed land.


Once it was moved, the environment inside the immortal aperture would shrink drastically, great amounts of losses and deaths were sure to occur.


This was also the reason why Lang Ya land spirit would rather use the ancient battle formation than summon the Immortal Gu House Refinement Cauldron to battle.


“Get lost!” The silver giant raised its hand and slapped Dark Prison away.


Taking huge strides, the silver giant charged towards Qin Bai Sheng.


But at the next moment, Dark Prison flew back again, crashing into the silver giant’s shoulder and making it lose its balance.


Such a thing had already happened more than a dozen times.


Hei Cheng was dragged into this, he could not stay out of this mess anymore, he had to risk it all!


Even though Dark Prison suffered huge losses in the battle and was badly damaged, Hei Cheng had to grit his teeth and endure it.


“It is useless! I can still hold on for a long time! An Immortal Gu House is made from a small number of Immortal Gu and countless mortal Gu, as long as the Immortal Gu remain intact, no matter how many mortal Gu are consumed, I can replenish them! If an Immortal Gu House can be destroyed so easily, can it still be called an Immortal Gu House?” Hei Cheng’s screams from inside the Immortal Gu House could be heard.


“You are correct!” Lang Ya land spirit spoke, agreeing with Hei Cheng’s words.


Hei Cheng stared blankly, before his expression changed.


He found that in Dark Prison, many Gu worms had been forcefully refined by Lang Ya land spirit, including two Immortal Gu.


Hei Cheng was right — if an Immortal Gu House could be destroyed so easily, could they still be called an Immortal Gu House?


Thus, even though the rank eight Immortal Gu House, Refinement Cauldron, lost many Gu worms, and even lost a number of Immortal Gu, as long as the core remained intact, it would only become weaker, the ability to refine Gu worms of others could still be used.


“Hahaha, fifteen minutes is up. You have all lost, you have lost pathetically! My Refinement Cauldron still has two hairy man Gu Immortals, with them standing guard, how can you steal my Immortal Gu House?” Lang Ya land spirit shouted, declaring his victory.


Lang Ya blessed land had a truly deep foundation, after fighting to this extent, there were still hairy man Gu Immortals that had not shown up yet.


But it was reasonable, Refinement Cauldron had great importance, there had to be strength remaining to defend it.


But at this moment, Qin Bai Sheng smiled coldly: “Are you sure about that?”


Before his words were finished, two hairy man Gu Immortals descended from the sky, they paid their respects to Qin Bai Sheng: “Greetings to Lord Vice Envoy.”


These two hairy man Gu Immortals that were left behind to guard Refinement Cauldron were actually undercover agents left in Lang Ya blessed land by Shadow Sect!


With their cooperation, attacking from both the inside and outside, it was a foregone conclusion that the rank eight Immortal Gu House, Refinement Cauldron, would be lost!




