Chapter 89: Snake Coiled Around the Legs


The five stood on the walkway outside the Internal Affairs Hall.


Jiao San laughed kindly and said, “Little Brother Fang Yuan, your performance really impressed all of us. It seems we were correct in inviting you to join us. You’ve just graduated from the academy, and might be unsure of some things. Let me introduce you to them.


“Firstly, about the clan missions, each Gu Master must complete at least one a month. The more you complete and the more perfectly you handle them, the higher your evaluation.


“Secondly, the missions are distributed by the Internal or External Affairs Halls. Each Gu Master can only accept one at a time. Once accepted, they must complete it.


“Thirdly, under special circumstances, a Gu Master may choose to abandon a mission, but that will cause their evaluation to fall greatly. Also, rank one Gu Masters cannot give up a mission, only rank two Gu Masters can. But even they can only abandon one mission per year.


“Fourth, the clan’s evaluation is very important. It concerns your future in the clan, and the higher your evaluation, the better and brighter your future will be.”


Fang Yuan listened, nodding. He had long memorized these rules. Jiao San was correct and did not lie to him, but many key points were left unspoken.


“Alright, the permafrost decayed soil mission has just been completed. I have already accepted a wild deer hunt for our next mission. The danger is low, so it is suitable for you to practice,” Jiao San said.


Fang Yuan laughed coldly in his heart, but said, “Thank you for your concern, captain.”


Kong Jing immediately followed up. “Little Brother Fang Yuan, you should really properly thank the captain. Although simple missions are easily completed, they have a small reward. The captain is doing his best to take care of you.”


The other two female Gu Masters also spoke. “Yeah, yeah, Little Brother Fang Yuan, actions speak louder than words. Why don’t you thank the captain by treating him to lunch?”


“Little Brother Fang Yuan, you’ve only just left the academy, and adult society is complicated. Human relationships are very important. If there’s anything you don’t know, just ask us during lunch.”


Jiao San laughed, waving his hand. “Don’t put him on the spot. He just left the academy, he must be tight on primeval stones.”


“How can that be! Just coming in first in the year-end exam gave him a hundred primeval stones as a reward, right?” one of the female Gu Masters deliberately said with an envious expression. “I’m really quite jealous, a hundred primeval stones is a huge sum even to us.”


“Captain, you’ve mistaken our Little Brother Fang Yuan. How could he be so stingy? Am I right, Little Brother Fang Yuan?” Kong Jing laughed heartily.


The other female Gu Master sidled up to Fang Yuan, as if they had a close relationship. “Little Brother Fang Yuan, a word of advice. You can choose not to suck up to us, but you have to suck up to the captain. You know, our group’s evaluation includes a report from him. If he says you’re outstanding, you’re outstanding. If he says you performed badly, it means you really performed badly.”


“That’s right, that’s right. Evaluation is very important to us Gu Masters, an outstanding evaluation is required if you want to be noticed by the higher-ups. In the future, when we have sufficient achievements, we’ll be able to retire earlier!” Kong Jing immediately followed up.


Throughout the entire process, Jiao San watched with a smile.


Finally he waved his hand. “Ah, don’t speak nonsense. I am always impartial when writing my evaluation, and will not be easily bribed. But don’t worry, Fang Yuan, you are a newcomer, so now that you’re in our group, I will take good care of your evaluation.”


A normal teenager would have been led by the nose by their performance and felt touched in their heart. These people were abusing a newcomer’s ignorance and naivete.


But Fang Yuan’s eyes were as calm as the sea.


It was true that a group’s captain played a part in the members’ evaluations. It was part of the clan’s system: they granted authority to the captain so that they could manage their team.


But it was not as severe as they implied.


The captain’s report was only a very small portion of a Gu Master’s evaluation, and the majority was left to the clan’s Internal Affairs Hall.


Or rather, even if the captain had a great influence on it, so what?


Fang Yuan didn’t give a damn about his evaluation.


He had already decided his future plans: quickly raise his cultivation, reach rank three, and then leave this place. He had never considered slogging away in this clan for his entire life.


To these ignorant and lowly peasants, the clan’s evaluation was their most important consideration. But to Fang Yuan, it was lower than dog shit!


Thus, their implied threats did nothing to him.


Fang Yuan, who had been silent all this time, suddenly spoke. “I understand what you all have said. I have other things to do, so I’ll take my leave.”


Eh?


His four teammates stood dumbfounded.


What is the meaning of this? Did you not hear what we said? one of the female Gu Masters screamed in her heart as she stared at him, eyes wide.


Kong Jing, at that moment, really wanted to grab Fang Yuan by the collar and ask him, Did you really understand?


Jiao San’s mouth twitched.


Fang Yuan’s indifference caused their little performance to look like a joke. It made the scheme that they set up become a farce.


The sight of Fang Yuan turning and leaving made fury blaze up in his heart.


“Come on Fang Yuan, don’t leave so quickly, don’t listen to their nonsense.” Jiao San controlled his temper and conjured a smile, quickly catching up and blocking Fang Yuan. “You’re going to rent a house, right? Let us go with you. I know some people in the business.”


“I am indeed going to rent a house, I can’t stay at the dormitories anymore. Do you have any ideas?” Fang Yuan asked calmly, raising his eyebrows.


“I know a few places, they’re relatively cheap and in good locations.” Jiao San smiled as he led the way.


•••


“Fifteen primeval stones a month, take it or leave it.”


“Pfft, renting my house with eight primeval stones? In your dreams.”


“You must pay a deposit, a 25% deposit. Other landlords are doing this too.”


“My house has good feng shui[1], and it’s quiet at night. More importantly, it is facing the clan leader’s pavilion, you know how good the location is. It’s really cheap, only twenty-five primeval stones a month.”


Though they spent the rest of the day till nightfall, Fang Yuan did not find a house to stay.


“Little Brother Fang Yuan, you’re too stingy. The village is only so big, the prices are all like this.”


“In my opinion, you should get the house near the clan leader’s pavilion, the second floor is very spacious and the scenery is nice. Little Brother Fang Yuan, don’t be so thrifty, it is only twenty-five primeval stones. The reward that you got is enough for you to stay for four months.”


The two female Gu Masters continued to urge him on with ill intent.


Fang Yuan shook his head. “I do not have many primeval stones, I cannot be wasteful.”


“Then rent an underground apartment, it’s cheaper,” Kong Jing suggested, his eyes shining with cold brilliance.


Fang Yuan snorted in his heart. Kong Jing was truly vile!


The village was already quite humid. Now that it was winter, a tenant would easily catch a cold in an underground apartment with its poor airflow. Even if one didn’t fall ill, it would cause problems in the long term.


Seeing that Fang Yuan kept his silence, Jiao San said, “Actually, the first floor of the big hall is good too. Staying with roommates will lower the rent.”


Fang Yuan shook his head. “I want to live alone, I do not like to stay with others.”


Kong Jing snorted unhappily. “You don’t want this, you don’t want that. I’m not trying to scold you, Little Brother Fang Yuan, but you’re too picky and expect too much. It’s not realistic to find something that meets such high standards.”


Fang Yuan laughed coldly in his heart while thinking, Even if they fulfill my criteria, I would not accept any house you recommend.


This whole performance was just for the sake of being careful, to see if there were any traps.


Just as Fang Yuan was about to leave, Mother Shen appeared.


“Young Master Fang Yuan, I finally found you. You can no longer stay at the academy, so the old master and his wife asked me to invite you to the banquet they’ve prepared. Staying at home is so much better, there is no need for you to go about renting houses elsewhere,” she urged.


Finally here…


Fang Yuan laughed coldly in his heart. Mother Shen really came at the perfect time. Someone must have notified her!


Just as he had expected, the masterminds were his aunt and uncle!


And Jiao San was the chain that they had created to bind him.


Fang Yuan’s silence looked like hesitation, so Jiao San piped up. “Fang Yuan, why don’t you stay at your aunt and uncle’s house, why make life difficult? Renting a house will cost a lot of primeval stones.” He seemed quite “concerned”, and his eyes glinted ominously.


* * *


[1]. Traditional Chinese geomancy that aims to harmonize oneself with their environment.


