Chapter 893: Song Clans Song Yi Shi


Fang Yuan quickly thought, and decided to help Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


Tai Bai Yun Sheng wanted to capture cloud line sharks which had a small and exquisite bodies, not only could they move in the sea, they could also fly and survive for a long time, they were suitable for Tai Bai blessed land.


However, cloud line sharks were proficient at hiding, were it not for this, they could not have survived near the sea palace between the three shark groups.


Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s shark fishing ran into a problem at the very start.


His target was cloud line sharks, but divine spear sharks, shattering teeth golden sharks and silver scale great treasure sharks would not just look on from the side.


Like smoke spreading in the sea, Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s methods stirred up these three shark groups.


As far as they were concerned, this sanctuary was their joint territory, and now an anomaly appeared. Like beasts whose territories were invaded, they naturally had to teach these audacious invaders a lesson.


Tai Bai Yun Sheng was specialized in healing and was not proficient in fishing, these three shark groups caused great disturbance to him.


After Fang Yuan helped, the disturbances were mostly eliminated. Tai Bai Yun Sheng felt his pressure lifting and immediately sent him a grateful look.


Fang Yuan smiled lightly and nodded to Tai Bai Yun Sheng, not saying anything.


Finally, with Fang Yuan’s cooperation, Tai Bai Yun Sheng was able to capture an ideal quantity of cloud line sharks.




“I thank both Lord Shark Demon and Lord Su Bai Man.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng had profited, thus he stood up and bowed solemnly to the two.


“You two indeed have a deep relationship.” Shark Demon sighed softly.


After chatting for a while, this banquet reached the end, both guests and hosts enjoyed it to the fullest. Shark Demon personally accompanied Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng out of the sea area.


They looked on until the two had shrunk to the size of ants in the horizons. Su Bai Man’s gaze flashed as she suddenly spoke: “Dear, what do you think of this Xing Xiang Zi?”


Shark Demon’s smile disappeared completely and his gaze turned aloof: “This person seems humble but in fact is arrogant and also has lot of hidden thoughts, he is different from Tai Bai Yun Sheng and is not someone easy to deal with.”


He paused for a moment before continuing: “Bo Dan is too useless, he was led around by Xing Xiang Zi from start to finish. Bo Dan is a person on our side, but was embarrassed like that by Xing Xiang Zi. Bo Dan’s embarrassment caused me to lose face as well. This Xing Xiang Zi did whatever he wanted since the moment he came, there is ruthlessness behind his gentle appearance, he is no kind person. If I had my previous temperament, I would have already given him a few hard slaps and taught him to be obedient. He would learn that this is Eastern Sea and not Northern Plains!”


Su Bai Man hurriedly consoled: “Dear, calm your anger, this type of person with skill will naturally have arrogance. As for Bo Dan’s loss of composure this time, it is also justifiable. Think of it, his private sea area has already been occupied for many years by Blazing Heaven Demoness and she still doesn’t have the intention to return it. Bo Dan recently went to beg for it but was instead beaten badly by Blazing Heaven Demoness. Blazing Heaven Demoness is a Northern Plains immortal zombie, thus Bo Dan naturally looks upon Northern Plains Gu Immortals with anger.”


“Moreover, he lost his private sea area and is without other means of income, he is in extremely strained circumstances. The reward from attacking Yu Lu blessed land is plentiful and it is his best chance to save himself from poverty. However, Xing Xiang Zi arrived with wisdom path methods better than his, it is unavoidable for Bo Dan to be furious for having his source of income stolen. This is a matter of great importance to him, thus it was also unavoidable for him to lose his usual state of mind.”


As he heard this, Shark Demon’s eyes brightened, and he looked at Su Bai Man with a smiling expression: “Why are you suddenly speaking about Bo Dan so favorably? Ah… it must be that Bo Dan secretly sent a big gift to you, right?”


Su Bai Man covered her mouth as she laughed: “I cannot hide anything from you. It is not a big gift, just a palm sized medicine ice.”




Shark Demon, however, was very surprised: “Although the quantity of this medicine ice is small, it is a genuine rank eight immortal material, where did Bo Dan find this? Heh, he is really spending a lot to protect his role.”


Su Bai Man lightly shook her head: “Bo Dan doesn’t seem to be eye-catching, but to be able to have this success, he isn’t a simple character.”


Shark Demon said with a profound voice: “It seems Bo Dan really wants to grasp this opportunity. He might not have much experience in this situation, but even if he is incompetent, he also has some use. Xing Xiang Zi has great capability, but he is an outsider. I definitely want to bring Bo Dan, just to keep this Xing Xiang Zi in check and stop him from being solely dominant in the future. If we let him be proud and insolent because of his talent, what will happen in the future? What if when we are attacking the blessed land, we are trapped by him, what will we do then? We don’t understand wisdom path methods, but with Bo Dan, we can make Xing Xiang Zi restrain himself and prevent him from making mischief.”


Su Bai Man put her mind at ease, gazing dreamily at this man whom she loved deeply: “My husband really is most capable, Bo Dan and Xing Xiang Zi are playing in your hands, and won’t be able to create any trouble.”


“Hahaha, dear, don’t praise me so much.”


Fang Yuan followed Tai Bai Yun Sheng to a nameless island.


This nameless island was the home of Tai Bai Yun Sheng previously.


It was extremely crude, but because of Tai Bai Yun Sheng, it gradually started becoming slightly famous in the circles of Eastern Sea Gu Immortals.


In this invasion of Yu Lu blessed land, Shark Demon had to return in defeat after the difficult round.


To carry out another invasion, they needed time to prepare.


Tai Bai Yun Sheng wanted to use this free time to meet the many requests he had received in the past.


One had to say that Landscape as Before, this time path Immortal Gu, was very much sought after.


Something unexpected could happen any time, there would always be some issues appearing from time to time in the sea areas the Gu Immortals managed. Landscape as Before had outstanding effects in this aspect and showed instant results.


“Fang Yuan, how about coming together with me, we can take care of each other on one hand and I can also introduce you to others. With this trip, you can also get familiar with the nearby Gu Immortals.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng suggested.


This suggestion was very appropriate, but Fang Yuan already had a plan, as he said to Tai Bai Yun Sheng with a wry smile: “Old Bai, it is better if you don’t let others know our relation as much as possible. Because the thing I am about to do might very well implicate you.”


“Ah? Wasn’t this trip to get a share of Yu Lu blessed land, then join Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng felt something wrong from Fang Yuan’s tone, it seemed like he was going to create trouble.


With regards to Fang Yuan’s ability to create trouble, Tai Bai Yun Sheng had a deep impression of it.


The set up in Imperial Court blessed land and Eighty-Eight True Yang Building by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was destroyed because of Fang Yuan.


Moreover, this was accomplished when Fang Yuan had still been a mortal. Now, he was an immortal zombie, this ability to create trouble had definitely increased sharply.


“Fang Yuan, you shouldn’t act recklessly. What are you planning?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng worriedly looked at Fang Yuan.


“My good senior brother, don’t worry, I am doing this to join Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance.” Fang Yuan consoled.


“Don’t, don’t call me senior brother, a skilled person is a teacher, I still don’t have enough qualifications to be your senior brother.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng hurriedly shook his hand, worriedly inquiring about the details.


Fang Yuan revealed a little: “Old Bai, have you thought about how inappropriate it is for me to join Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance?”


Tai Bai Yun Sheng blinked: “Although you are under the identity of a Northern Plains Gu Immortal, Eastern Sea has had cases of Gu Immortals of other regions joining their local forces. Moreover, this Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance is the main headquarters of the Zombie Alliances over all five regions, it is an enormous force. Other Zombie Alliance branches don’t recruit living Gu Immortals, but Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance recruits them. Your identity won’t pose a problem.”


Fang Yuan shook his head: “Those like Bo Dan who have joined Zombie Alliance are those who are living a miserable life and can barely scrape by. These type of people are at the bottom layer among Gu Immortals. Their positions in Zombie Alliance are even lower than immortal zombies. But I, Xing Xiang Zi, am different. Not mentioning my Immortal Gu, I have strong wisdom path methods which can deduce the battlefield killer move in Yu Lu blessed land. People like me, no matter how we live, we are not likely to join Zombie Alliance. As long as I reveal just a slight intent to do so, I believe other righteous path forces would welcome me warmly.”


“Hmm, it is reasonable.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng nodded: “Joining these forces means losing freedom. Especially to foreign Gu Immortals like us, the monitoring and restrictions are much more strict. Otherwise, why would there be so many lone cultivators?”


“So, for a Gu Immortal like me to join Zombie Alliance, not only should it be my own wish, but it also requires a strong external pressure.” Fang Yuan nodded.


Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s eyes shined brightly, as he asked: “What pressure?”


Fang Yuan smiled before lightly asking a question that made Tai Bai Yun Sheng pale: “Which is the closest super force from here?”


Song clan was a colossus that had occupied Eastern Sea for hundreds of years.


This clan was an existence that was in the top ten even among the many super forces in Eastern Sea.


The official, publicly known number of Gu Immortals in the clan was eighteen. Song clan’s first supreme elder, Song Qi Yuan, had already been rank eight for many years, his battle strength was unfathomable.


Song Qi Yuan’s son, Song Diao Ling, was a rank seven Gu Immortal with outstanding talent, he was cultured and elegant, and had been publicly recognized as the successor for Song clan’s leadership.


But unfortunately, over ten years ago, Song Diao Ling was schemed against and died, leaving behind a daughter.


The daughter’s surname was naturally Song and her given name was Yi Shi. She was the only descendant left of Song Qi Yuan’s bloodline.


Since a young age, Song Yi Shi was pampered by her grandfather Song Qi Yuan. In any world, some people are naturally born with a silver spoon in their mouths.


In the world where most people were struggling to survive, and most Gu Immortals constantly on their guard, preparing to undergo their next tribulations and calamities, rushing around everywhere to raise their strength and cultivation, Song Yi Shi was just sitting back and enjoying life, all her cultivation resources provided by Song Qi Yuan. She only needed to say the word and her grandfather, Song Qi Yuan, would make sure they were fulfilled.


When Song Yi Shi underwent immortal ascension, Song Qi Yuan personally protected her.


After advancing to a rank six Gu Immortal, Song Qi Yuan sent his granddaughter a big gift — a sea area with an area of four million square kilometers. It was slightly larger than the South China Sea on Earth.


Not only this, this sea area was also extremely rich in resources and was named the poetic emotion sea area. In the rankings of Eastern Sea, it was ranked above Shark Demon’s shark sea.


Fang Yuan explored and, in combination with his previous life’s memories, made his plan center around this Song Yi Shi.




