Chapter 894: Purposely Getting Discovered


After plotting in secret for half a month, Fang Yuan arrived on a small island.


Eastern Sea had many small islands, there were millions or even tens of millions of the islands that Fang Yuan had arrived at.


Most small islands were uninhabited islands, but this small island actually had humans.


There were three fishing villages on the island, the strongest cultivator was only rank three.


Fang Yuan hid his figure, under the blazing sun, he strolled into a nearby fishing village like it was a normal thing to do.


The surrounding people were mostly ordinary mortals. There was occasionally a Gu Master or two on the scene, they were either rank one or two, and were very well respected by the mortals around them.


Fang Yuan’s current methods were much stronger than the time when he was in Southern Border.


He moved through the entire village two or three times, but no one could discover him.


“This should be Li clan village.” Fang Yuan observed it for a while, combined with his previous life’s memories, he verified that this was the place.


This small fishing village was obviously not Li clan village.


But in his previous life, there was a mystical and interesting Gu Immortal who emerged from this place, he was called Li Xiao Yao.




This fishing village was renamed by him, to Li clan village.


Of course, right now, Li Xiao Yao was yet to be born. According to his previous life’s memories, Li Xiao Yao would be born in around two hundred years.


After confirming the status of this fishing village, Fang Yuan left and arrived at a cliff beside the sea.


There were countless nests in the cliff, there were hundreds, thousands of birds resting here, they had a strong territorial awareness. Once a Gu Master, or a large life form comes and makes the birds feel threatened, they would assault the invaders together.


Thus, few people in the village came to this place. Occasionally, there were Gu Masters who came to harvest some medicinal herbs or steal some bird eggs.


These birds were very diverse, they were a congregation of over ten different hundred beast groups, they were not the same types of birds.


On this tiny island, there were human Gu Masters, but they were not at the dominant position in this environment.


“According to the <<Biography of Li Xiao Yao>>, when Li Xiao Yao was still a child, he was often bullied by children who were older than him, he had to hide here out of necessity. Here, he found a hidden cave by accident, he treated this cave as his secret base.”


This cliff had all sorts of holes and caves, there was a large number of them.


It was obviously very difficult to locate the cave that Li Xiao Yao found.




“However, since there are bird groups here, Li Xiao Yao could not have gone deep inside. His cave should be at the outer periphery.”


Fang Yuan was prepared amply, he searched for a while and chose a hundred targets initially.


By the time it was noon, and the sun started to descend towards the west, Fang Yuan found his true target.


This hole was not big, but even with Xing Xiang Zi’s current size, he could not enter. Not to mention Fang Yuan’s original eight arm immortal zombie body.


Thankfully, he had change form Immortal Gu.


Fang Yuan shrunk his body and squeezed inside.


The cave was moist, by the evening, there was weak lingering sunlight penetrating into it. After moving in the cave for a short while, Fang Yuan came to the deepest part of this cave. The space here was extremely wide.


The sea winds outside the cliff blew into the small holes of the cave, they created a whistling sound of moving wind.


Fang Yuan could not help but think of the <<Biography of Li Xiao Yao>>, inside, it wrote about Li Xiao Yao’s childhood, when he was often bullied, he would hide inside this cave and sob quietly, as he listened to the whistling sound of the wind.


This situation continued for a long time, until one day, fate changed for him as Li Xiao Yao’s legendary tale began.


This change in fate was the small hole in a corner of the cave.


Once when Li Xiao Yao was hiding here, he leaned on a corner as he rested. Suddenly, the cave collapsed as he fell, directly into a deep part of the cliff, and he got swept away by the currents in the sea.


This trip, Fang Yuan was trying to replicate Li Xiao Yao’s fortuitous encounter in his previous life.


This cliff was like an ant’s den, the inside had numerous tunnels and different caves, as if there was a drill that moved in it.


Six hours later, Fang Yuan found the actual route.


He broke the hole in the cave as he moved into it.


When he entered the interior of the cliff, he fell rapidly.


It was pure darkness and moisture, there were all sorts of small life forms like snakes, the largest animal here was a type of lizard, having the size of a normal cat.


All these could not obstruct Fang Yuan.


He quickly got to the bottom of the cliff, as the sound of waves got louder.


At the bottom of the cliff, there was a huge spiral of seawater.


This was the unique undercurrent phenomenon of Eastern Sea.


The seawater in the spiral moved rapidly, there were abundant water vapor and it resembled a giant monster’s mouth.


Fang Yuan willed and several Gu worms flew out, stopping here and leaving a marking.


Next, he dived into the spiral with a loud sound.


Once he was in the spiral, a formless force surrounded his body. Even with Fang Yuan’s incredible strength, he felt a sense of helplessness as he was ‘captured’ by the seawater.


Fang Yuan did not struggle, instead he allowed this undercurrent to carry him elsewhere.


This undercurrent was like a formless dragon or python, it created a tunnel of water at the bottom of the sea. The fish groups at the bottom of the sea would swim away from it. Even seaweed and aquatic plants did not grow in their path.


Because they could not grow, they could not endure the long term dragging force of the undercurrents.


Fang Yuan followed this undercurrent as he moved quickly, his current speed was incredible fast, even ordinary movement immortal killer moves could not match his speed!


This was a specialty of the sea’s undercurrents.


In Eastern Sea, there was a type of precious map.


The map did not record the islands, nor the surface of the sea, it included the undercurrents in the sea.


Gushes of undercurrents interweaved under the sea, they formed into a natural route for transportation of goods.


In Eastern Sea, some super forces had underwater caravans. These caravans made use of Gu worms to go deep into the sea and use the undercurrents to move rapidly, in a short time, they could travel for ten thousand li, or even a hundred thousand li, to engage in trade.


After about fifteen minutes, Fang Yuan emerged from the other end of this undercurrent.


The endpoint was just like the starting point, it was also a huge seawater spiral.


Fang Yuan jumped out of the spiral, what he saw was a sea of red.


The intense hot air assaulted him.


This was an underwater volcano.


Fang Yuan was currently partway up this underwater volcano.


In the middle of the volcano, there was no seawater entering it.


At the bottom of the volcano, molten magma gushed out from the deep parts of the sea trench, causing countless lives to perish.


And at the top of the volcano, there was a natural underwater hot spring.


Fang Yuan’s objective was the underwater hot spring at the top of the volcano.


But Fang Yuan made an estimation, it was not time yet, he decided to explore the place to spend the time.


The lower he went, the hotter it was.


It was pure red in front of him, a type of fire lizard entered Fang Yuan’s detection range.


This lizard had shiny smooth scales, it extended its tongue as it ate flying bugs as food.


This type of flying insect originated from the bottom of the volcano, inside the moving molten magma river.


In the magma river, there were bubbles bursting at times as small insects flew out from within.


The fire lizard sprawled on the side of the magma river, seeing that the flying insects had flown out, its tongue shot out at lightning speed as it captured these bugs, it retracted its tongue and swallowed its food.


Fang Yuan observed such a unique habitat for a long time.


Nature was really mysterious, it was displayed in front of Fang Yuan right now.


Fang Yuan observed the fire lizards for a while before paying his attention to the flying insects.


This type of insect was very unique, it was hatched in the magma river, it could endure extremely high temperatures.


After a long time, Fang Yuan had a new discovery: The fire lizard did not succeed in getting its food every time, it would fail consecutively at times.


A portion of the flying insects seemed to have developed some sort of latent talent from the pressure created by the fire lizard.


These flying insects turned into Gu worms during the process of being captured as food. Their speed increased and they managed to evade the lizard’s tongue.


This was a form of advancement.


Like a carp jumping through the dragon’s gate, turning from a fish into a dragon, its life had been elevated in the most fundamental sense.


After these flying insects became Gu worms, a portion of them took the initiative to land on the lizard and become its accompanying Gu, living together with the lizard.


But these were all fire path mortal Gu, they did not have much value to Fang Yuan.


For the current Fang Yuan, the only interesting thing was this underwater volcano. With it, he had a source to produce Gu worms, he could produce large numbers of fire path and water path Gu worms for a long time.


Mortal Gu only had value to Gu Immortals when they were large enough in quantity.


And finally, Fang Yuan observed this magma river.


This magma river had other life forms, they were a type of fish.


Fang Yuan did not intend to explore further, he did not want to get into trouble by jumping into the magma river either.


The magma river had a high temperature, if Fang Yuan wanted to enter it, he would need to use a defensive immortal killer move. That meant that he would need to consume precious immortal essence.


Nature was mighty, many places had such dangerous environments that even Gu Immortals could not enter for long.


Fang Yuan had been counting the time, when he felt that it was almost time, he traveled up along the volcano, past the point he was at and towards the peak.


By now, he started becoming careful, concealing his traces on purpose.


The young and beautiful Song Yi Shi was one of the six great beauties among Eastern Sea Gu Immortals


Today, Song Yi Shi was in a bad mood.


She was being harassed again.


All these male Gu Immortals who came from everywhere were like annoying flies, they were all around Song Yi Shi, chattering non-stop, they could not even be chased away.


After shrugging off these irritating pursuers, Song Yi Shi came to her personal sea area.


This sea area was called poetic emotion sea, it produced a type of rank four wisdom path Gu worm, emotion poetry Gu. This Gu worm could store emotions and was extremely precious in the minds of mortal Gu Masters.


Song Yi Shi came to the bottom of the sea, going into her underwater volcano palace.


This underwater volcano was inside poetic emotion sea, it was naturally Song Yi Shi’s property.


Song Yi Shi was at the peak of the volcano, she had built a beautiful small palace there. She loved the hot spring inside the palace, once in a while, she would go there and take a bath.


She took off her clothes and revealed her peerless body. Her skin was tender and pale, like a freshly peeled egg, her limbs were slender and long, her lips were red and her eyes were sharp, and she had long hair that extended to her waist.


She entered the hot spring and enjoyed herself after shutting her eyes.


Soon, her mood became better, she started to hum a song.


But she did not know that Fang Yuan was lurking close by, observing her every movement.


“It is almost time.” Fang Yuan’s gaze was eerie as he calculated, he purposely leaked a trace of his aura.


“Who is there?!” Song Yi Shi’s expression turned pale, she shouted as her eyes stared at Fang Yuan’s hiding spot with much anger.




