Chapter 898: Fighting Soul Battlefield


Freezing rain frozen earth disappeared, the world changed.


The original icy world turned into a dark environment, it was like evening, there were dark clouds looming and the poor weather seemed to be indicating a thunderstorm.


Evidently, this was another battlefield killer move.


“Welcome to fighting soul battlefield.” A faint female voice resounded in the battlefield


Everyone who was inside the battlefield heard the voice.


Shark Demon’s expression changed, he said: “Oh no, this is the infamous fighting soul battlefield! This is troublesome.”


Even before he finished his sentence, a sandstorm started blowing as sand and dust were scattered in the sky, soul beasts appeared one after another, from all directions, encircling the Gu Immortals.


Su Bai Man quickly reminded: “Xing Xiang Zi, Bo Dan, you have to act quickly! The number of soul beasts here are endless, the longer we take, the stronger they become. This fighting soul battlefield was a battlefield killer move created by Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable after he used one of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s inheritances as a reference. Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s other creations had some mercy in them, they would always leave behind a way to survive. But this battlefield killer move is very different, it contains Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s killing nature, it is the most deadly battlefield killer move among Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s creations!”


Fang Yuan and Bo Dan did not dare to take their time, they used their respective methods and tried to unravel the killer move.


Fang Yuan soon discovered: This fighting soul battlefield was very different from freezing rain frozen earth. The latter had no flaws at all when activated, it was very well balanced, giving others a feeling of not knowing where to start. But this fighting soul battlefield exposed several hiding spots of mortal Gu to Fang Yuan from the start easily.


As time passed, Fang Yuan found more and more hidden spots, they were growing into a huge number, there were thousands or even tens of thousands of them!




The number of Gu worms that formed this battlefield killer move was much higher than Fang Yuan’s expectations.


Fang Yuan soon found out, there were no traps like the ones that were in the freezing rain frozen earth battlefield killer move. No matter which hidden spot they destroyed, there was no backlash, and Fang Yuan did not need to restart his deductions.


Thus, very soon, Fang Yuan and Bo Dan started to dismantle these hidden spots rapidly.


However, this fighting soul battlefield’s offensive power was several times greater than freezing rain frozen earth.


Freezing rain frozen earth attacked in waves, there was a moment of peace in between each wave of attacks, the Gu Immortals could rest for a while each time.


But this fighting soul battlefield did not stop for a moment after activation, the number of soul beasts continued to increase, soon, desolate beast level soul beasts were formed.


A while later, there were more than ten desolate soul beasts, even ancient desolate soul beasts started appearing.


They did not even last for seven minutes before Shark Demon and the others had to use the incomplete Profound Ice House to escape from the place.


“There are simply too many Gu worms used to create the battlefield killer move, I am ashamed, my methods are too simple, I could only dismantle them one by one.” Once they got out of the sea, Bo Dan spoke to Shark Demon without concealing any information, he spoke the truth.


Fang Yuan frowned too: “My methods could only dismantle at most five to six hidden spots each time. I suspect that this fighting soul battlefield’s difficulty lies here. The faster we can dismantle it, or the longer we can last under the attacks of the soul beasts, the more likely it is that we can unravel this killer move. To unravel it in itself is not the problematic part.”




“In that case, Xing Xiang Zi, according to your deduction, how long do both of you need to dismantle this killer move at your current speed?” Shark Demon asked.


Fang Yuan smiled bitterly and shook his head: “I am not sure. I did not manage to see the entire battlefield killer move. There are too many hidden spots, they are numerous like the stars in the sky. And even if I manage to find the tens of thousands of hidden spots, to get rid of them, I will need at least thirty minutes.”


Sha Nan Jiang was lost for words: “Thirty minutes? We lasted for seven minutes and there were already ancient desolate soul beasts appearing. Thirty minutes… surely, immemorial desolate soul beasts will appear, and there might be more than one!”


Everyone became quiet.


Su Bai Man spoke heavily: “In that case, we can only ask more people to help out next time. These Gu Immortals will need to have enough wisdom path attainment to dismantle the hidden spots.”


Saying so, Su Bai Man and Shark Demon looked at each other, they could see the bitterness in each other’s eyes.


There were not many Gu Immortals with wisdom path attainment. Asking them to help would incur a huge cost.


Shark Demon thought for a while, he spoke: “Then we will retreat for now. The next time we are attacking is in thirty days, we will decide on the time at a later date, I will inform you all. Xing Xiang Zi, this is my command token, you can use it to stay in Zombie Alliance’s headquarters and avoid the trouble you are facing for now.”


Fang Yuan smiled lightly: “Thank you for your goodwill, Lord Shark Demon, but I am not willing to waste any time. Merely Song Yi Shi cannot do anything to me. Even though Song clan is a huge force, they cannot control the entirety of Eastern Sea. If I hide and shrink away because of this, I, Xing Xiang Zi, would have cultivated for nothing. Everyone, until next time we meet.”


Seeing Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng fly far away, Bo Dan stepped forward and stood beside Shark Demon, he slandered: “This Xing Xiang Zi really does not know what is good for him, he actually refused to accept Lord’s goodwill!”


Shark Demon glanced at him, he snorted, saying unhappily: “If you were any more capable, why would I need to treat him like this?”


Bo Dan had a bitter expression: “Oh lord, it was not that I did not put in effort, but my inheritance is too incomplete, there is a limit to what I can do.”


Shark Demon waved his hand impatiently.


Bo Dan quickly shut up and lowered his head, leaving.


Su Bai Man got close to Shark Demon, she smiled: “If husband is afraid that Xing Xiang Zi would get into trouble and delay the next invasion, you do not need to worry. Northern Plains Gu Immortals often have higher battle strength than the other four regions, Xing Xiang Zi also has Immortal Gu with him, his battle strength was high enough to kill Yao Ge Pi on the spot, nothing would happen to him.”


“Even though he offended Song Yi Shi, the precious gem of Song Qi Yuan, it is precisely because Song clan is a righteous path super force, a large organization with many matters to take care of, that they would not create a huge commotion over such a small matter. But Song clan’s reputation was affected, they would definitely want an answer. In a while, Xing Xiang Zi would feel increasing pressure, by then, wouldn’t he come to ask us for help?”


“Mm, that is indeed the case, your analysis is very accurate.” Shark Demon’s expression became calmer, he gently held Su Bai Man’s hand.


…


Northern Plains, Luo Po valley.


The battle surrounding Luo Po valley had already been ongoing for over half a month.


Qin Bai Sheng’s side had the territorial advantage, Feng Jiu Ge’s side was unable to take them down. But Feng Jiu Ge and the others were very determined, they besieged the area without retreating, Qin Bai Sheng’s side could only hide inside Luo Po valley for the time being.


“Jiang Yu, how are your injuries?” Qin Bai Sheng went to visit Fairy Jiang Yu.


“In half a day, I will fully recover.” Fairy Jiang Yu sat on the bed, shutting her eyes as she healed herself, she replied while multitasking.


Joy flashed across Qin Bai Sheng’s face: “That is good. After you recover, we will protect you as you charge out of the encirclement, and go to Northern Plains Zombie Alliance to activate our hidden arrangement.”


“What? We are going to use our arrangement in Northern Plains Zombie Alliance? Will it not have a huge impact on the entire crucial plan?” Fairy Jiang Yu was shocked, she asked this.


Qin Bai Sheng said heavily: “It won’t. I have already communicated with Old Man Yan Shi, in Shadow Sect’s Southern Border headquarters. Sigh… Feng Jiu Ge is really quite the character, his self-created heaven and earth song could match my five finger fist heart sword. My personal reputation is nothing important, but the Immortal Gu that is still being nurtured inside Luo Po valley is important to our crucial plan, it cannot be lost. But now that Luo Po valley is being encircled by these people from Central Continent, we are at a disadvantage in terms of numbers, we can only rely on the ancient soul beasts to defend ourselves. We will eventually fall if this keeps up, we need to regain the initiative!”


These last days, he had fought with Feng Jiu Ge for over dozens of rounds, after exchanging blows countless times, even if they put in all their efforts, they had been unable to determine a winner.


Qin Bai Sheng was concerned about the big picture, he wanted to find a way to get out of this predicament.


But at this time, Feng Jiu Ge’s voice came from outside.


Qin Bai Sheng heard it and sneered internally: “After remaining silent for three days, he’s finally returned to taunt us again?”


Qin Bai Sheng flew into the air, facing Feng Jiu Ge: “Brother Feng, we have undergone innumerable rounds of battles, we know each other’s abilities quite well now. You are an astute person, can’t you see that in this current situation, as long as I defend this Luo Po valley, you cannot break in by force!”


Feng Jiu Ge smiled brightly, an intense light of confidence shined in his eyes: “Brother Qin, this time is different. After our countless rounds of battles, I had gained much inspiration. These last three days, I have been in closed cultivation, I used the inspiration to complete an incomplete move that I had created in the past.”


“Oh?” Qin Bai Sheng’s expression turned serious.


Feng Jiu Ge raised his head slightly, he said loudly: “This time, I would like to ask Brother Qin to critique my submission song!”


Green Jade Song.


Heaven and Earth Song.


Submission Song.


When Feng Jiu Ge sang green jade song, his voice was crisp and sharp, like beads of flawless jade. When he sang heaven and earth song, his voice was grand and magnificent, it made others feel their own insignificance.


But now, Feng Jiu Ge sang submission song, his mouth was closed.


The entire place was silent.


Qin Bai Sheng’s expression was both serious and grim, because he ‘heard’ Feng Jiu Ge’s singing voice.


His singing voice was directly resounding in Qin Bai Sheng’s mind.


It turns out that this submission song was not heard with one’s ears, but in one’s mind.


Qin Bai Sheng’s heart sank: “This sound path killer move encompasses wisdom path, enslavement path, sound path, and soul path, these four paths, it affects a person’s mind. From the moment he closed his mouth, there is already a trace of five finger fist heart sword in it. This Feng Jiu Ge actually obtained this inspiration from me. But it is only at this level, it is not enough to affect my fighting spirit. Eh? Oh no!”


Qin Bai Sheng’s reaction was fast, but submission song’s effect was even faster.


In Luo Po valley, there were many ancient soul beasts that were guarding the place, under the influence of Feng Jiu Ge’s song, they submitted to him, they betrayed Qin Bai Sheng on the spot, becoming the lackeys of the Central Continent Gu Immortals.


Submission song could temporarily cause desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts to change sides, becoming subordinates of the singer!


“Damn it!” He Lang Zi cursed.


They had few people, they needed the ancient soul beasts to bolster their defenses.


But now, most of the ancient soul beasts changed sides, they started attacking Luo Po valley instead, Shadow Sect’s side was falling into great danger.


But Qin Bai Sheng was not easy to deal with.


He quickly thought of this and displayed a battlefield killer move.


Feng Jiu Ge and the others, including the ancient soul beasts, were dragged into this battlefield.


There was thick fog in this battlefield, countless souls were flying around.


Dark blue soul beasts gathered and took form, most of them were ordinary soul beasts, but soon, desolate soul beasts appeared, and seemingly before long, ancient soul beasts would appear as well.


The soul beasts that were created in this battlefield fought against the ancient soul beasts that were under Feng Jiu Ge’s control.


“Good countermeasure.” Feng Jiu Ge stopped singing, he praised: “Using this battlefield killer move to increase your control of the soul beasts and eliminate the advantage of submission song. But your soul taker battlefield is too outdated, even though it was created by Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, he made it when he was young. Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable had once used this killer move to create the even more superior fighting soul battlefield. This soul taker battlefield can only convert the souls of living beings into soul beasts, but fighting soul battlefield can actually produce endless soul beasts.”


Feng Jiu Ge was inside the battlefield killer move, but he was not worried, he spoke casually as he critiqued the killer move.


Qin Bai Sheng, however, spoke with a smile: “Future generations enjoy the benefits from the hard work of predecessors. Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable could create the superior fighting soul battlefield because he used the foundation created by Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, it is only to be expected. But he was too kind of a person, he weakened Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s killing intent, even though it seems superior, it lost all hope of going a step further.”


Saying this, the battlefield changed again.


Feng Jiu Ge’s expression changed: “So this is not soul taker battlefield, it is a battlefield killer move that Spectral Soul Demon Venerable created in his later years — Hundred Million Slaughterfield!”




