Chapter 9: Two People Who Started on the Same Road, Drifting Apart


The setting sun burned red in the west.

The sky was still bright, but everything seemed to be covered by a shade of gray. Beyond the window, the mountains in the distance were gradually becoming a heavy black.

The light in the living room was dim. Fang Yuan’s aunt and uncle sat high in their chairs, their faces enveloped in shadow, their expressions hard to discern.

As he saw Fang Yuan carrying the two jars of wine, his uncle Dong Tu’s eyebrows twisted into a knot. He opened his mouth and spoke, “In the blink of an eye, you are both fifteen years old. Since you both have the talents of a Gu Master, especially Fang Zheng, your aunt and I are proud of you. I will give you both six primeval stones, take them. Refining your Gu consumes a lot of primeval essence, so you’ll need these.”

As he said this, some servants came over and passed Fang Yuan and Fang Zheng each a small bag.

Fang Yuan took his bag silently.

Fang Zheng immediately opened his bag and looked inside to see six oval-shaped, grayish-white primeval stones. His face lit up with gratitude at once and he stood up from his seat, facing his aunt and uncle. “Thank you, Aunt and Uncle, I do need primeval stones to replenish my primeval essence! You have both raised me until today, this gratitude is engraved into my heart, I shall never forget it!”

Dong Tu smiled and nodded. Their aunt hurriedly waved her hands and said warmly, “Sit down, sit down! Although you both are not our direct children, we have always raised you as our own. You both are able to make a future, and we are proud of that. We’ve always regretted not having children of our own, and sometimes we thought that if you both could really become our children, it would be wonderful.”

Her words contained a deeper meaning. Fang Zheng did not understand it, but Fang Yuan frowned a little.

Their uncle cut in and said, “I have discussed this with your aunt. We thought of adopting you both and becoming a real family. Fang Zheng, would you be willing?”

Fang Zheng was stunned for a second, but the look on his face quickly transformed into a joyful smile. He said, “To be honest, ever since our parents died, I have longed very much for a family of my own. To be able to become a family with Aunt and Uncle, this is too good to be true!”

Their aunt’s expression loosened and she laughed, “Then as our good son, shouldn’t you stop calling us Aunt and Uncle?”

“Father, Mother,” Fang Zheng said as he realized.

Their aunt and uncle laughed heartily. “What a good son, it was not a waste for us to raise you since you were five years old. And it’s been ten whole years.” Their aunt wiped her tears.

Their uncle looked at the silent Fang Yuan and said gently, “Fang Yuan, how about you?”

Fang Yuan shook his head without saying a word.

“Big Brother…” Fang Zheng was about to advise him, but Dong Tu stopped him, his tone unchanged. “If that’s the case, Fang Yuan, my nephew, we won’t force you. Since you are already fifteen years old, you need to start being independent, this way you will also be able to carry on your Fang bloodline. I have prepared two hundred primeval stones for you as financial support.”

“Two hundred primeval stones!” Fang Zheng’s eyes opened wide; he had never seen so many primeval stones in his life. He couldn’t help but reveal a jealous expression.

But Fang Yuan still shook his head.

Fang Zheng was puzzled, while their uncle’s expression changed slightly. Their aunt’s face had also turned cloudy.

“Aunt and Uncle. If there is nothing else, then I will take my leave.” Fang Yuan did not give them any chance to speak again. As soon as he finished, he took his wine jars and left the hall.

Fang Zheng rose from his seat and said, “Father, Mother, Big Brother is not thinking straight, how about you let me advise him?”

Dong Tu waved his hand and deliberately sighed. “Alas, this matter cannot be forced. Since you have the heart, as your father, I am already very content. Servants, take care of young master Fang Zheng, and treat him well.”

“Then your son will take his leave.” Fang Zheng retreated, and the living room fell into silence.

The sun set below the mountain, and the living room became darker. After a while, from the darkness, Dong Tu’s cold voice emerged. “Looks like that brat has seen through our plot.”

Among the regulations of the Gu Yue Clan, it was clearly stipulated that the eldest son at sixteen years of age would have the qualifications to inherit his family’s property. Fang Yuan’s parents had passed away, leaving behind a fortune. It was being “taken care of” by his aunt and uncle. This inheritance was not something a measly sum of two hundred primeval stones could compare to. If Fang Yuan had agreed to be adopted, then he would lose the right to inherit this fortune. If Fang Yuan instead chose to be independent before he turned sixteen, he would also forfeit his right to the inheritance.

“Luckily we managed to win over Fang Zheng, and Fang Yuan only has C grade talent.” Dong Tu heaved a sigh, feeling joyful.

“Then husband, if Fang Yuan decides to go independent at sixteen, what do we do?” His wife’s tone was hysterical as she thought about the inheritance.

“Hmph, since he is acting undisciplined, then he can’t blame us. As long as we catch him committing a huge mistake before he leaves us and disown him, it will be the same as taking away his right to inherit,” he explained coldly.

“But that brat is very clever, would he even make a mistake?” his wife asked, puzzled.

Dong Tu rolled his eyes and whispered angrily, “Are you really that stupid?! If he won’t make a mistake, can’t we frame him instead? Just let Shen Cui seduce Fang Yuan and scream assault. We’ll catch him on the spot and fabricate a story about him acting wild while he was drunk. Can we not disown him then?”

“Husband, you really have a way, what an ingenious plan!” she said, overjoyed.

•••

The thick colors of the night covered the sky, and the stars were mostly hidden by dark clouds. Lights began to appear in the houses in the village to stave off the night.

Fang Zheng was ushered into a room.

“Young master Fang Zheng, the old master had me tidy up this room specially for you,” Mother Shen said with a hospitable tone. She bowed, her face bearing a flattering smile.

Fang Zheng looked around, his eyes shining. This room was at least twice as big as his previous room. The middle was occupied by a spacious bed; beside the window was a rosewood desk with a delicate set of ink and paper. The walls were decorated with exquisite ornaments, and beneath his feet was not an ordinary floor, but a layer of soft, handmade carpet.

From his childhood until now, Fang Zheng had never stayed in such a room. He immediately nodded his head continuously and said, “This is very good, more than good, thank you Mother Shen.”

Mother Shen was the family’s most highly-trusted servant; she was in charge of all the slaves in the house, a housekeeper who lived up to her reputation. Shen Cui, who served Fang Yuan, was her daughter.

Mother Shen laughed. “I am not deserving of young master’s gratitude, it is my duty, my duty! Young master, do not hesitate to eat well and sleep well. Whenever you need something, just ring the bell beside your bed and somebody will attend to you immediately. The old master has already instructed us, so in the next few days please do put all your attention on cultivating. Just leave all the other chores to us.”

Fang Zheng felt a gush of gratitude in his heart. He did not say anything, but deep down he decided, This time I must come in first and not let my new parents down!

The dark clouds in the sky were getting heavier, and the night was growing darker. Only a few stars could be seen shining with faint light, blinking away in the sky.

Aunt and Uncle must be plotting on how to expel me from the house right now. In my previous life, they secretly had the servants provoke me, and then framed me and disowned me. I wonder if there will be any changes in this life, Fang Yuan sneered in his heart as he walked along the streets.

He had long seen the true colors of his aunt and uncle. But he could also understand them.

Men would throw away their lives in the pursuit of wealth. Whether on Earth or in this world, there would always be many who would be willing to trample over kinship, friendship, and love for their own self-interest and benefits.

In fact, kinship was never a factor in any of his aunt and uncle’s decisions. In the beginning, when they took in the two brothers, their only purpose was to steal the inheritance. It was just that the two brothers kept surprising them.

All things are difficult before they are easy. In my case, this is even more true. First, I do not have outstanding talent; second, I do not have the care of a teacher, it is equivalent to raising a family from nothing. But my parent’s inheritance is an enormous advantage for me. In my previous life, Aunt and Uncle stole it, and because of that I took two full years to cultivate to rank one peak stage. In this life, I cannot afford to make the same mistake.

Fang Yuan pondered in his mind as he walked.

Instead of staying home, he held the two jars of wine and walked towards the outskirts of the village.

The night deepened, and the dark clouds obscured the last of the starlight. The mountain breeze began to pick up.

Rain was coming, but he still had to search. To get hold of his parent’s inheritance, he would need to wait until he was sixteen. And the Flower Wine Monk’s treasure was the only thing that he could get his hands on in the short run.

There were not many people on the streets. The houses along the road shed dim light. Some small rubbish and leaves were drifting about in the wind.

Fang Yuan’s thin clothing could not stop the mountain wind, and he could not help but feel a chill. He opened one of his wine jars and drank a bit. It was turbid wine, but after swallowing it, he felt heat spreading in his chest.

This was the first time that he had actually drunk any wine in the past few days.

The further he walked out of the village, the fewer houses were beside the road, and the dimmer the lights became. In front of him it was even darker. The wind blew heavily against the mountain forest, the branches swayed in the night, making a rustling noise that sounded like a herd of beasts roaring.

Fang Yuan’s pace did not slow. He walked out of the huge entrance of the village and into the darkness, going further and further. Behind him were the brilliant lights of thousands of houses. In these lights, there was a certain warm corner.

The younger brother Fang Zheng was seated at his desk, reviewing the notes that he had taken during class. The lights in the house were shining brightly, and the solid walls blocked the cold wind. Beside his hand was a cup of warm ginseng tea, giving off steam.

“Young master Fang Zheng, hot water has been prepared for you.”

Outside the door, Shen Cui’s voice softly floated through.

Fang Zheng’s heart jolted. “Then bring it in please.”

Shen Cui walked into the room with her waist bowed, her expression pleased.

“Your servant greets you, young master.” She sent amorous glances at Fang Zheng with her eyes. Fang Yuan was only a C grade talent, but Fang Zheng was an A grade talent! Getting hold of him would be truly the biggest fortune!

