Chapter 90: Just a Little Wind and Frost


In the hall, the lights shone brightly.


On the round dining table, the wine and food had already gone cold.


The brilliant red candlelight flickered and danced, projecting the shadows of Fang Yuan’s aunt and uncle onto the wall.


Their shadows merged and swayed gloomily with the candlelight.


In front of them, Mother Shen was kneeling.


Dong Tu broke the silence with a sigh. “To think Fang Yuan is dead set on going against me. I wanted to calm him down with honeyed words and keep him in the house for a time until we could find a way to drive him out of the family. To think that he did not fall for it! He rejected my invitation without leaving any way to negotiate! He did not even take a step into the house!”


His wife gritted her teeth, her expression slightly flustered. “This scoundrel is already sixteen years old, so if he wants the family fortune now, we cannot deny it to him. When we obtained it years ago, it was recorded in the Internal Affairs Hall. We cannot deny it, so what do we do?!”


“Leave.” Dong Tu waved at Mother Shen, then laughed coldly. “Don’t be anxious. I’ve been planning for this from the start of the year. First, to take back the inheritance, he needs to have rank one middle stage cultivation. He has already achieved this and is even at peak stage. He even came in first in the final exam, most impressive. Hehe…


“But obtaining the family fortune is not so easy! Rank one middle stage cultivation is only a precondition. Fang Yuan still has to apply for it, and the Internal Affairs Hall has to approve it and send him on a mission to test if he has the qualifications. This is to prevent clansmen from splitting family assets nonsensically, causing internal strife, and weakening the clan.”


His wife was enlightened. “This means that he has to complete the mission before he can get his parents’ inheritance.”


“That’s right.” Dong Tu laughed sinisterly. “But the Internal Affairs Hall’s missions are sent to groups. The family asset mission will be the same. If Fang Yuan wants to complete it, he will have to rely on his group, he cannot do it alone. This rule is in place to make sure that a team stays united and to increase their cohesiveness.”


His wife laughed loudly. “Husband, you’re too smart. So that’s why you got Jiao San to recruit him. If he wants to complete the inheritance mission, he will need his group. But since Jiao San is working with us, he will never succeed.”


Her husband’s eyes shone smugly. “Hmph, even if Jiao San didn’t manage to recruit him, I have other ways. Forget completing the mission, he might find himself in trouble even applying for it in the first place!”


•••


Nightfall arrived, and the snow stopped.


Fang Yuan walked on the streets. The bamboo houses and roads along the way were covered by a layer of white snow, crunching softly under his feet as he went. The cold air filled his lungs, keeping him awake and alert.


After rejecting Mother Shen, Fang Yuan disregarded Jiao San’s and the group’s advice and said goodbye, leaving by himself.


So that’s it. My aunt and uncle are trying to trap and delay me, causing me to lose the chance to take back my inheritance.


After the new year, I will be sixteen years old and qualify to split the assets. My parents are dead, and my brother has new parents. If I am successful, the entire inheritance is mine. But there are two crucial steps to take back the inheritance, and both are extremely important.


The first is to apply for the mission at the Internal Affairs Hall without any other missions at hand. The second is to complete the mission to earn the right to inherit.


Jiao San is in cahoots with Aunt and Uncle. He’s already trying to trap me at the first step.


The clan rules stated that Gu Masters could only be on one mission at a time. This was to prevent them from hogging opportunities and causing negative competition in the clan.


After finishing the permafrost decayed soil mission, Jiao San had immediately accepted a new mission for hunting wild deer.


The clan’s missions were all given to groups. That is to say, according to clan rules, Fang Yuan had to finish the deer hunting mission before applying for his asset-splitting mission.


But at that point, Jiao San will just accept another new mission. As the captain, he turns in every mission and is right there to accept the next, so he can stop me indefinitely. Fang Yuan’s eyes shone ominously.


These plots and schemes were irritating, like an invisible rope blocking Fang Yuan’s progress.


But Fang Yuan did not regret entering this group.


At the final exam, he had been backed into a corner. Jiao San’s invitation became a way for him to be free from that predicament.


Even if he had not joined this group, his aunt and uncle would have other ways to deal with him. Those methods might be difficult to anticipate and guard against. But since he had joined Jiao San’s group, their schemes became clear and he could easily counterattack.


There are several ways to solve this problem. The simplest is to just eliminate Jiao San, or assassinate my aunt and uncle. Then no one would compete with me over the family assets. But that’s far too risky. They are all rank two Gu Masters, and my cultivation is still too low. Even if I kill them, the ensuing mess will be too difficult to handle. Unless there is a good chance for me to take advantage of…but such opportunities are a matter of luck.


Fang Yuan could kill the servant Gao Wan and Old Man Wang, but that was because they were mortals, their lives cheap as grass. Killing them was akin to putting down a dog or pulling a weed, it was insignificant.


But assassinating Gu Masters was very troublesome.


Gu Masters were all Gu Yue clansmen. No matter who died, the Punishment Hall would investigate. Fang Yuan had evaluated his own strength and knew there was too much risk in killing them now; it would likely result in his own death. Even if he succeeded, the Punishment Hall’s investigation would be even more troublesome. Under most circumstances, he would be a suspect in their deaths, so he would be placed under surveillance. They might even discover the Flower Wine Monk’s inheritance.


“Attracting a much larger problem when eliminating a small problem, that is not what a wise person does. Oh? I’m here,” Fang Yuan muttered, stopping before a worn-out bamboo building.


This house was on its last legs, like an old man about to die, panting for his final breath in the cold, harsh winter.


Fang Yuan’s face showed a trace of nostalgia.


This was the room he had rented in his previous life.


After being thrown out by his uncle and aunt, he’d had fewer than fifteen primeval stones to his name. He’d slept in the streets for a few days before finding this place.


It was quite shabby, and the rent was very low. In addition, while other places counted the rent by month, this place calculated it by days.


I don’t know whether or not my aunt and uncle have laid traps at other places. But my previous life’s memories tell me that this place, at least, is safe. Fang Yuan knocked on the door.


After half an hour, he had signed the rental agreement and was brought to the second floor by the owner.


The floor creaked ominously under his feet.


The room had only a bed and a blanket. The blanket had many patches, but was still riddled with holes, and the yellow cotton stuffing was visible within.


There was an oil lamp by the head of the bed. The landlord left after lighting it.


Fang Yuan did not sleep. He sat on the bed and started cultivating.


As his primeval sea raged on in his aperture, every drop of primeval essence was black green.


The aperture’s walls appeared to be made of translucent white crystal. This was rank one peak stage.


Suddenly, the primeval sea swelled and raged like a wild beast, storming towards the aperture walls.


Bam bam bam…


The huge waves crashed into the crystalline barrier, breaking apart into mist before dissipating.


After a short while, he had expended a large quantity of his 44% primeval essence.


The sturdy aperture walls were lined with cracks.


But just cracks were not enough.


Fang Yuan wanted to break through rank one peak stage and reach rank two. He needed to break this aperture wall completely, evolving it through its destruction!


Black green primeval essence continued to attack the crystal wall, and the cracks grew more and more, connecting together. In some places, they became very deep, forming very obvious lines.


At last his primeval essence ran out. Once he stopped attacking the walls, they began to heal, and the cracks vanished.


Fang Yuan was not surprised. He collected himself and opened his eyes.


The lamp had gone out already. There had not been much oil in it.


The room was dark, with only a bit of light filtering in through the window.


The room had no stove and was not warm. Fang Yuan had sat on the bed for a long time without moving, and the chill had infused itself into his body.


His black eyes merged with the darkness.


To break through Jiao San’s interference, there is an easier and safer method. That is to advance to rank two! Rank one Gu Masters have no right to give up on missions, but rank two Gu Masters can do it once a year. If I advance to rank two, I can give up on my mission and apply for the asset splitting.


But breaking through to rank two is not easy. Fang Yuan sighed. Coming down from his bed, he slowly paced around the room.


Going from rank one initial stage all the way to peak stage was simple. They were small realms, and it was merely a matter of putting in effort over time. But going from rank one peak stage to rank two initial stage meant breaking through a large realm. The difference in difficulty was night and day.


Simply put, breaking the aperture walls required explosive force, a strong impact in a short time to smash them apart.


But Fang Yuan only had C grade talent, and his primeval sea was only at 44%. If he used all his might, his primeval essence would be used up immediately.


Just like earlier, after his primeval essence was exhausted, he would no longer have the strength to continue. And the walls would recover, so before long, it would be as if he had never tried. All of his effort would have been wasted.


Without any special circumstances, one needs at least 55% black green primeval essence to reach rank two…This is why it is said that talent is the key to a Gu Master’s cultivation!


Fang Yuan’s pacing slowed.


Without realizing it, he had moved to the window. He casually opened it.


Every gust of wind shakes the bamboo shutters,


and when opened the snow-covered mountain greets one’s eye.[1]


Under the moonlight, the snow was like white jade. It spread out and made of the world a crystal palace, untouched by man.


The light from the snow reflected onto Fang Yuan’s youthful features. His expression was peaceful and calm, his brow unfurrowed, his eyes resembling an ancient spring beneath the moon.


As the cold winds blew onto his face, the young man laughed. “It’s just a little wind and frost.”


* * *


[1]. From ‘Recalling Hu Chushi’s Home in the Snow on a Winter Night’ (《冬晚对雪忆胡处士家》) by Wang Wei.


