Chapter 91: We’re Worried About You


After a sleepless night, Fang Yuan went out and purchased things wantonly.


The room was poorly furnished and the blankets were torn. If he lived there for long, he would catch an illness from the cold.


Fang Yuan’s primeval stones were already half-spent, but he still had to buy some necessities. He could not scrimp on these things.


Firstly, he needed bedding: a mattress, sheets, and at least two quilts stuffed with cotton.


He also needed another oil lamp to provide enough lighting, and at least two pots of lamp oil.


As he thought about it, although the room was small, it could still fit a table and some chairs, so he bought those as well.


Most importantly, he needed a stove.


In the winter, if he did not have a stove to keep warm when sleeping at night, the cold would wake him.


He also bought some dry rations and water, enough for about seven days.


•••


The winter sun slowly rose, giving out languid rays of light.


Jiao San and the other Gu Masters stood at the north gate of the village, waiting anxiously.


“Something’s not right. Last night we agreed to meet here at this time. But it has already been fifteen minutes, and Fang Yuan still hasn’t shown up?” one of the female team members asked.


“Calm down and just wait. It’s inevitable that a newcomer is late,” Jiao Sao laughed. He had been fretting over not having any reasons to find fault with Fang Yuan, but to think he was handed one on the second day.


“Never mind that we are waiting, he’s making the captain wait. This lad thinks too much of himself!” Kong Jing complained indignantly.


Half an hour later, Fang Yuan was still nowhere to be found.


Jiao San’s face was darker than night.


“This scumbag, did he remember the wrong location? We said clearly that we were meeting at the northern gate,” Kong Jing said suspiciously.


“I’ll wait here, you guys go check the other gates,” Jiao San instructed, and the three obliged.


Fifteen minutes later, they returned without success.


“Did he see through our ploy and leave the group?” one of the female Gu Masters asked.


“You think too highly of him. Even if he took first place in the year-end exam, he’s still a young newbie. His age is apparent,” Kong Jing said.


Jiao San’s face was grim. “It doesn’t matter whether he’s seen through us or not. What’s important now is to find him. I’m worried he has left us behind to break through to rank two on his own. Once he reaches rank two, he can abandon this mission and apply for the inheritance mission at the Internal Affairs Hall. Find him, go and find him! The village is only so big and there are only so many places to rent, we must find him and not give him the time to break through to rank two!”


“Yes!”


•••


Fang Yuan sat on the bed.


In front of him were a few money bags, all containing primeval stones.


“It’s not enough,” Fang Yuan sighed, his expression grim.


Primeval stones were the driving force behind a Gu Master’s advancement. If they were lacking, the Gu Master would need to rely on their natural primeval essence recovery, which would greatly reduce their cultivation speed. At the same time, without sufficient food, their Gu worms would die of hunger.


During his time at the academy, he had held as many as a thousand primeval stones at his peak. But even that much could not stand up to his expenditure over time.


His peers only had three Gu worms. But Fang Yuan, after taking first place in the year-end exam, had entered the Gu storage room and chosen another Little Light Gu.


He had to choose, as giving up the opportunity would invite suspicion.


That meant he had seven Gu worms!


It was undeniably a huge financial burden.


If this continues, I can only hold out for two months. I must get back my family assets, that is the only way to support myself long-term. But to get them back, the first step is to advance to rank two. Fang Yuan’s gaze was dark.


Advancing was not easy.


For a Gu Master’s cultivation, the most important factor was resources, and next was talent. Without talent, one’s cultivation would be difficult and they would accomplish less in the future.


Talent was split into grades from D to A.


But that was only a rough distribution.


In fact, every grade had a more detailed scale.


Take C grade for example — it meant that the aperture could at most contain between 40% and 59% primeval essence.


Fang Yuan could store up to 44%, so he was considered on the lower end of C grade.


Rushing to rank two required at least 55% black green primeval essence. To an A or B grade Gu Master, this was not difficult, and to the 55-59% C grade Gu Masters, they could pass as well.


Thus, for C grade Gu Masters with sufficient talent, they could still advance to rank two. Only a very small number of them could reach rank three.


This was why talent could determine most people’s achievements during their lives. Fang Yuan could not blame the clan for being biased against him.


Although my C grade talent is only 44%, it is not impossible to reach rank two. The first and easiest way is to find a talent-raising Gu worm. The second way is to obtain a support Gu that assists in cultivation, something like the Liquor Worm but suitable for breaking through large realms. The last way is to receive help from a higher-ranking Gu Master. But using external primeval essence comes with its own problems, unless I can find a Cleansing Water Gu in the future to eliminate the side effects.


Fang Yuan took out a primeval stone and played with it in his hands as he thought.


But the above methods are not suitable for me. I do not have a friendly Gu Master to help, and even if I did, I would not let my aperture be at their mercy. Gu worms that assist one’s cultivation are too rare, I was extremely lucky to get the Liquor Worm. As for talent-raising Gu worms, I found one in my previous life and managed to cultivate to rank six. I know where to find some, but I can’t go there with my current cultivation. Even if I got them, I would not be able to keep them, or even use them.


But other than these, there is a final, incredibly stupid method. Using primeval stones to force it! Fang Yuan’s eyes flashed as he gripped the primeval stone tightly.


In cultivation, the most important factor was resources, and next was talent.


That meant one could use resources to make up for their lack of talent, to a degree.


I do not have enough primeval essence to break my aperture walls. But if I absorb primeval essence while attacking the walls at the same time, I can slowly wear them down. In four or five days, I can shatter them!


Fang Yuan made up his mind. Opening his eyes, his mind sank into his aperture.


The primeval sea raged as the waves crashed into the aperture walls.


But this time, to prevent his primeval essence from drying up and leaving him unable to continue, Fang Yuan purposely slowed his attack.


He would use less primeval essence this way, but it would also slow the rate at which cracks formed. Fang Yuan began to absorb natural essence from his primeval stones.


Primeval essence recovery had to be slightly above the crack recovery speed. That way, even if it was slow, even if there was barely any progress at all, there would still be hope as time passed.


However, when using this method, he could not stop for long, only long enough to eat and shit. The more time he wasted, the more primeval stones would go down the drain and the more hard work he would squander.


He could stop for a maximum of fifteen minutes. After that, if there wasn’t any primeval essence to continue attacking, the aperture would fully recover.


Thus, once the attack began, he had to persevere until he succeeded, and he could not be disturbed. Once he stopped for too long, he would have to restart the process.


Fang Yuan did not have the primeval stones to attempt it multiple times.


Time flew when cultivating, and in the blink of an eye, the sun had set.


•••


In the fading light, Jiao San’s face was icy. “After searching for an entire day, you still haven’t found him?”


“No, captain.” Kong Jing wiped the sweat off his forehead. “He did not go to any of the houses we recommended, we have no idea where he is hiding.”


“Hmph! Continue searching tomorrow, we have to find him. Remember to search the inn as well, I do not believe that we cannot find him. The village is only so big; no matter where he is hiding, there has to be a trace!” Jiao San walked away in fury.


On the afternoon of the second day, their search finally bore fruit.


One of the female team members walked up to Jiao San excitedly. “Found him, found him! Fang Yuan is staying at a worn-out bamboo building, and has rented the second floor. According to the owner’s description, it should be him.”


“Hmph, as I expected, he really hid himself and is trying to break through to rank two.” Jiao San laughed sinisterly. “Let’s go and make ourselves guests in his room and show him our concern. He is a newcomer, after all.”


“Hehehe…” The others also started smirking.


The four immediately went to Fang Yuan’s residence.


There was a piece of paper on the door.


Jiao San took it down and read it. It was in Fang Yuan’s handwriting, saying that he needed to go into closed-door cultivation for a few days and would not leave, as he was attempting to break through to rank two. If others saw it, they should not disturb him. If Jiao San saw it, it was a “request of absence”.


Jiao San snorted, throwing the paper away.


How can I let you advance to rank two?


He laughed coldly, knocking on the door.


Knock knock knock.


“Little Brother Fang Yuan, are you here?” He deliberately spoke loudly. “We are here to see you, how could you not tell us about your closed door cultivation? Seriously.”


There was no reply.


Knock knock knock.


Jiao San knocked louder.


“Little Brother Fang Yuan, it’s not that I want to nag at you, but you are making decisions on your own. Now that you are part of the team, you should listen to instructions, obey orders, and act with the group. We have already accepted the wild deer hunting mission, it’s specifically for you to train, so why don’t you wait and complete the mission with us? Then you can cultivate.” Jiao San’s eyes narrowed. His tone was gentle, but his expression was dark.


There was still no reply.


JIao San suddenly raised his voice. “Little Brother Fang Yuan, why are you not replying, did something happen to you? It is not so easy to break through to rank two, you can ask us for advice. Fang Yuan! Did you hear me? Oh no, could it be that you fainted?”


Jiao San smirked coldly, but his voice was full of concern and anxiety.


The other three members were observing the show.


Kong Jing interrupted him at an appropriate time. “Captain, you might be right, Fang Yuan hasn’t responded after so long, let’s go in and save him!”


“Fang Yuan! Fang Yuan, quickly open the door. We’re really worried about you. If you don’t open the door, we’ll break in. You are our newest member, we cannot let you be in danger!” Jiao San shouted loudly.


Still, there was no reply.


Jiao San smirked as he gestured to Kong Jing.


Kong Jing nodded and raised his foot.


With a loud BAM, the entire door was sent flying, crashing onto the bed!


