Chapter 919: Angry Bird


In the sea and under the water, the two sides were in a stalemate, it was a tense atmosphere.


A moment ago, Fang Yuan was still enjoying a banquet with Shark Demon and his wife, having a joyous time. But at the next moment, they were attacked, the entire underwater palace of Shark Demon was turned into rubble.


As the saying goes: While a person stays in their house, calamity descends from the sky.


Fang Yuan looked at Tai Bai Yun Sheng as the latter transmitted: “Blazing Heaven Demoness is a rank eight great expert, she is not someone we can fight.”


Fang Yuan nodded inconspicuously, he understood Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s intention, that was to sit and watch.


At Gu Immortal level, the higher the rank, the greater the difference between them.


Even if Fang Yuan, Tai Bai Yun Sheng, Shark Demon, and Su Bai Man collaborated and worked together sincerely, they might not be able to hold off Blazing Heaven Demoness over multiple rounds even if they disregarded the cost.


This was an absolutely powerful foe.


Normally, only rank eight Gu Immortals could fight other rank eights.


Shark Demon also knew this, thus, even though his house was destroyed, he did not dare to fight Blazing Heaven Demoness head on.


With Shark Demon’s temper, if his house was destroyed, he would burst into anger and attack. But because it was Blazing Heaven Demoness, a rank eight Gu Immortal, he had to control himself even if he was angry.




He knew he was not a match for the rank eight Gu Immortal, the best way to solve this problem now was to use Zombie Alliance’s rules and negotiate with her.


Blazing Heaven Demoness had gone against the rules of Zombie Alliance, she was finding problems with an ally, how could that be allowed? Such blatant attacks are simply giving no regard to Zombie Alliance!


But Blazing Heaven Demoness smiled confidently, like she had already won: “Shark Demon, isn’t it simple to justify my actions?”


“Bo Dan, come out!” Blazing Heaven Demoness called.


Gu Immortal Bo Dan stood out from behind Blazing Heaven Demoness.


He lowered his head, his expression was bitter as he bowed deeply: “Lord Shark Demon, Lady Su Bai Man, I was forced against my will!”


Seeing Bo Dan, Shark Demon’s expression turned dark.


His wife Su Bai Man also snorted coldly, she had an idea of what Blazing Heaven Demoness’ plan was.


As expected, at the next moment, everyone heard Blazing Heaven Demoness scream: “Shark Demon, Su Bai Man, the two of you instructed Bo Dan to steal my rank eight immortal material, medicine ice. I was in closed cultivation and was careless, the two of you actually succeeded. Today, I am here to seek justice!”


As it turned out, Bo Dan was quite pitiful, even though he was alive, he had no choice but to join Zombie Alliance.




Just earlier, his private sea area was taken over by Blazing Heaven Demoness using brute force.


Fang Yuan entered Eastern Sea using Xing Xiang Zi’s identity and joined Shark Demon in the invasion of Yu Lu blessed land.


Bo Dan was a half-baked wisdom path Gu Immortal, his skill was lacking, he was schemed against by Fang Yuan.


To protect his status, he had to bribe Su Bai Man and give her the rank eight immortal material medicine ice, so that Su Bai Man would defend him.


But Bo Dan was still too incapable, he and Shark Demon slowly became estranged.


Bo Dan was left with no choice, he attempted to use Zombie Alliance to exert pressure on Blazing Heaven Demoness, so that she would return him his private sea area.


However, he was only rank six, while Blazing Heaven Demoness was a rank eight great expert. As the leader of Northern Plains Zombie Alliance, she was a higher-up. Even though Zombie Alliance received Bo Dan’s plea and complaint, they dragged out his request and tried to stall for time. How could they offend the powerful Blazing Heaven Demoness for this mere Bo Dan?


Thus, Bo Dan’s situation became increasingly pathetic, until Fang Yuan unraveled the battlefield killer move eight doors labyrinth and obtained a huge breakthrough in the invasion of Yu Lu blessed land.


Ever since Shark Demon invaded Yu Lu blessed land, he had been receiving heavy attention.


Seeing that Yu Lu blessed land was about to be taken down, with such great benefits, Blazing Heaven Demoness’ greed was stirred.


Even though Blazing Heaven Demoness had incredible cultivation level, she was superior to them and had great strength, but she could not forcefully take over the fruits of the labor of Yu Lu blessed land.


After all, this was Eastern Sea, not Northern Plains.


This was the Zombie Alliance headquarters, not her Northern Plains branch.


Since she was a member of Zombie Alliance, she could not break the rules.


Thus, she sent Bo Dan a message, lying that she would return him his private sea area and would compensate him.


Bo Dan had no long term accommodation, as he was wandering about, he received this news and was overjoyed.


In the end, when he returned, he was forced by Blazing Heaven Demoness to frame Shark Demon and Su Bai Man.


Bo Dan did not dare to offend Blazing Heaven Demoness, but he also did not dare to offend Shark Demon and Su Bai Man. He realized that he had fallen into a trap and was in deep regret, but now that he was in Blazing Heaven Demoness’ hands, he had no choice left.


In the end, he was captured by Blazing Heaven Demoness and was brought to attack Shark Demon’s underwater palace.


Shark Demon’s gaze moved from Bo Dan to Blazing Heaven Demoness.


He knew that Bo Dan was just a minor character, he was not crucial.


This accusation would not hold up against any investigations.


Shark Demon held in the anger inside him as he sneered at Blazing Heaven Demoness: “Blazing Heaven Demoness, just say it if you want to pick the fruits, why must you implicate an innocent person?”


Su Bai Man followed: “Lady Blazing Heaven Demoness, you are a rank eight great expert, aren’t your current actions too ugly?”


Blazing Heaven Demoness laughed loudly.


She naturally knew that this excuse was weak.


But that did not matter.


She just needed a cover, just an excuse would do.


This excuse was only used to respond to Zombie Alliance’s headquarters, it could not force Shark Demon and his wife to obey her.


To force Shark Demon and his wife, what was needed was not an excuse, but strength.


Thus, she came here personally with overflowing battle intent, she was here to find trouble with them!


“Hahaha…” Blazing Heaven Demoness’ laughter stopped, her eyes shined with brilliance as she looked at the sea, suddenly saying: “Three moves.”


“What?” Su Bai Man was shocked.


“I will finish you off in three moves. If you can block three moves of mine, I will pretend I was never here.” Blazing Heaven Demoness said sternly.


Shark Demon and Su Bai Man looked at each other, the former let out a breath of turbid air and agreed: “Alright! Let the four of us experience your power!”


Blazing Heaven Demoness’ three moves agreement made Shark Demon see some hope.


Of course, the most important reason was that they were helpless in this situation. He had to agree regardless of his wishes!


Weaklings had no choices in the first place.


Tai Bai Yun Sheng frowned slightly, he did not want to take action, but Shark Demon was crafty, with a few words he directly included Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng on his side, against Blazing Heaven Demoness.


Fang Yuan was calm, showing no change of expression.


Su Bai Man transmitted to them: “If we can survive this ordeal, both of us will owe you a favor, as for compensation, we will pay you a sum that is sure to satisfy you. We hope that both of you can support us!”


“Don’t worry, we will do our best.” Fang Yuan transmitted in return.


In his mind, he had made his decision, he would just pretend to exert effort, only an idiot would help in such a dangerous and pointless request!


Su Bai Man nodded at Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng, showing a hint of gratitude in her gaze.


“I am a wisdom path Gu Immortal, while Tai Bai Yun Sheng is skilled at healing, even if we perform badly later, we have sufficient reasons to justify ourselves.” Fang Yuan stood out, standing with Shark Demon and Su Bai Man, facing Blazing Heaven Demoness who was at the surface of the sea.


Tai Bai Yun Sheng sighed internally, standing beside Fang Yuan.


Blazing Heaven Demoness laughed lightly, with a look of nonchalance.


She stretched out her hand, opening her five fingers.


Suddenly.


With a soft sound, an orange-yellow flame appeared in her hand.


Blazing Heaven Demoness moved her fingers, rubbing the orange-yellow flame. This lump of flame was extraordinary, it was very elastic. Blazing Heaven Demoness squeezed it as if she was squeezing a meatball.


After a few breaths of time, the orange-yellow flame gradually formed into the appearance of a bird.


Blazing Heaven Demoness opened her hand as the fire bird jumped up from her palm, flapping its wings and chirping, happily fluttering around Blazing Heaven Demoness.


Blazing Heaven Demoness toyed around with the fire bird, not attacking, as if she had forgotten the agreement of three moves.


But be it Shark Demon, Su Bai Man, Fang Yuan or Tai Bai Yun Sheng, they showed extremely ugly expressions!


This fire bird had a cute appearance, but it was terrifyingly powerful in the eyes of the four Gu Immortals. Once released, it would unleash shocking might. Not just this underwater palace, the rest of this shark sea, countless living beings in a huge surrounding area of water might be exterminated by a single blow.


A rank eight Gu Immortal cannot be blocked by rank six or rank seven Gu Immortals.


The agreement of three moves was just a joke.


Just this one attack, Shark Demon and the rest could not defend against it.


“Lady Blazing Heaven Demoness, may I know what is the name of this move?” Shark Demon asked after a while, he spoke in a dispirited tone with a hint of hoarseness in his voice.


Blazing Heaven Demoness smiled lightly: “Hundreds of years ago, I was careless when cultivating and flames of anger were burning my heart, I almost lost my life. When I was recovering, I had an inspiration and created this rank eight level killer move. I named it — Angry Bird.”


“Angry bird?” This joke-like name made Shark Demon feel some shock and also bitterness.


Undeniably, Blazing Heaven Demoness was doing this on purpose.


She wanted to display overwhelming strength to force Shark Demon to surrender.


This was a very crude method, but Blazing Heaven Demoness was too overbearing, she was straightforward and had incredible cultivation level, with her battle strength, it was an effective plan.


With just one move, Fang Yuan and the others had given up.


Only Shark Demon was still hanging on.


He said to the rest of them: “You three, retreat first, I will handle this move.”


Before Fang Yuan and the others replied, Shark Demon took one step forward and said: “Angry bird, it is a good move, Lady Blazing Heaven Demoness, please attack!”


Blazing Heaven Demoness was shocked, she squinted as she asked in suspicion: “Are you sure you want to face this move?”


“Let’s retreat.” Su Bai Man’s eyes shined with brilliance, she spoke to Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng were surprised.


Blazing Heaven Demoness’ move was incredibly powerful, there was no hope even if the four of them collaborated. Right now, Shark Demon was facing her alone, not only did he not want other people’s help, even his wife Su Bai Man had such confidence in him!


What was he relying on?


“Alright, I want to see what is giving you courage!” Blazing Heaven Demoness no longer hesitated, at her will, the angry bird tore through the water, shooting towards Shark Demon.


But when it got to the bottom of the sea, a strong aura burst out, contesting Blazing Heaven Demoness equally!


Shark Demon showed a smiling expression, like his plan had succeeded.


Far away, Su Bai Man let out a sigh of relief, she explained to Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng: “Back then, we chose this location to build our underwater palace, we naturally had our reasons.”




