Chapter 92: The Future Is in Sight


“Hang in there Fang Yuan, we’re coming to help you!” Jiao San shouted as he burst into the room.


But the next moment, he was dumbfounded.


The room was empty. Fang Yuan was nowhere to be found.


The four fell silent.


“How can this be, where is he?” Jiao Sao broke the silence.


He had “performed” outside the room for such a long time, but it turned out to be a one-man show.


They all exchanged glances. None of them had expected this.


“This is weird. If Fang Yuan isn’t here, why would he paste that paper on the door?” Kong Jing said slowly.


“Get the landlord here now!” Jiao Sao kicked the broken door.


“Looking for me? Hmph, I was just about to come find you. You come to my house, make all that noise, and break down my door? You’ve got a lot of nerve, kid.” The landlord was an old man, but his tone was very firm.


Since he owned and rented out a house in Gu Yue Village, he was obviously a Gu Master. Mortals could not own property, nor could they run a business. Everything in the village was owned by the clan. The mortals who lived in it were farmers and servants.


“Senior, we are here to find a young man, he is our teammate.” Facing the landlord, Jiao San controlled his temper.


An old Gu Master like the landlord had connections. Even if he had retired, his ability was not to be underestimated.


If he did not have relationships and trump cards, how would he dare to do business?


This world was not peaceful, it was full of violence and plunder.


The landlord shook his head, his tone rigid. “I don’t care about my tenant’s whereabouts, but I do know that you broke my door. You need to compensate me.”


“Hehe, it’s our fault, it’s only right that we compensate you,” Jiao Sao laughed dryly. Although he was furious inside, he still forced himself to cover the damages. He even included some extra.


The landlord’s mood improved at once. “If the young man who rented this room is who you are seeking, then I must tell you that he has not been back for a day. After paying a month’s rent, he bought a lot of things and asked me which place sold coal cheaply. I told him that there was no need to buy it, as there is a valley outside the village to the north. The mine there has plenty of coal that he could just dig up himself. After thanking me, he left and never returned.”


“I see.” Jiao San looked at the decorations in the room.


Indeed, the mattress and bedding were new. The table and chairs were secondhand, but they seemed sturdy enough.


The stove was empty, it indeed did not contain any coal.


Jiao San breathed out slowly, feeling at ease.


“It seems Fang Yuan was delayed by mining coal. Nevermind, let’s come again tomorrow.” He walked out of the room first.


But on the third day, Fang Yuan still had not shown up.


Jiao San and the others stood outside the room, hesitant.


“Digging for coal does not take this much time. Fang Yuan wanted to do closed-door cultivation, so maybe he decided to gather a lot. But it’s been so long, could something have happened to him while he was mining?” Kong Jing speculated.


Jiao San nodded imperceptibly, pointing at the bed and stove. “He was quite stingy when searching for a place to stay. If he paid a month’s rent, bought all this stuff, and even posted that note on the door, he should actually intend to cultivate here. Perhaps he was unlucky. The wolf packs have been bigger recently, and the wild beasts around the village have become more active. He might have run into some.”


“Captain, you are wise!” The two female Gu Masters flattered him in unison.


Jiao San raised his head and laughed. “Hahaha, I was still fretting over how to deal with him. Though we have that deer hunting mission, let’s not rush out to do it. After all, if we meet him in the wild, we would be forced to save him, right?”


The other three members started laughing.


Day four.


In Fang Yuan’s aperture, waves of black green primeval essence pounded the crystal walls relentlessly.


The translucent white crystal was already covered in a spiderweb of cracks.


This was the result of his non-stop hard work for three days and three nights. He had only stopped to quickly eat or shit when he couldn’t endure any longer.


During that time, Fang Yuan had intentionally slowed the process of waves crashing into the walls, while drawing in natural essence from his primeval stones at the same time. Even though he had been cultivating for three days straight, he still had about 20% primeval essence left.


At last, when only 13% remained, the aperture walls reached their limit.


Crack crack…


The originally sturdy crystal wall shattered, and the fragments fell into the primeval sea, causing ripples and waves. They dissolved into white dots and vanished.


What replaced the crystal wall was a brand new white light wall.


It was quite similar to a rank one initial stage light wall, but it was noticeably more dazzling. This was a rank two light wall.


At the same time, traces of red sprang up from the depths of the sea and mixed with the black green primeval essence still in the aperture.


It was rank two initial stage red steel primeval essence!


Finally I did it, I broke through to rank two! Fang Yuan’s eyes suddenly opened. The room seemed bright after having closed them for so long.


But a second later, a strong wave of nausea hit him.


I went through four days and three nights of non-stop cultivating, it was too intense and my body will collapse soon. Fang Yuan laughed bitterly as he slowly lay down. My cultivation was not disturbed at all, it seems that my setup at the rental house worked. It was worth spending the stones. Next, I shall rest well for the night and return to the village tomorrow.


Intense sleepiness assaulted him.


Fang Yuan forced his eyes to stay open long enough to cover himself with the blanket.


After closing his eyes, in a few seconds, he fell soundly asleep.


His long cultivation had used up most of his energy, and he slept until the afternoon of the next day.


Fang Yuan opened his eyes. He felt that he was at about half of his usual energy level, but he was still feeling weakness in his body.


He opened the door, walking out of the room for the first time in five days.


This attracted someone’s attention.


He had narrow eyes and a thin body — it was Jiang Ya’s brother, Jiang He.


Seeing Fang Yuan, he let out a sigh of relief. “You’re finally out! Hmph, I would have broken into the room if you still did not come out after a few more days. After all, if you died here, I’d be held responsible.”


Fang Yuan laughed but did not say anything.


The winter sunlight broke through the window, shining onto his face, amplifying the trace of pale white weakness on his features.


Five days ago, he intentionally spoke with the landlord about getting coal to leave a false trail for Jiao San. After that, he left Gu Yue Village and went to the hamlet at the foot of the mountain.


He and Jiang He had something of a friendly relationship due to the incident with Old Man Wang. Fang Yuan took advantage of this and stayed a few days in the hamlet to advance to rank two without any interruption.


Of course, the rock crack secret cave was undoubtedly harder to find than Jiang He’s place, but it was not completely safe. Fang Yuan had to consider the possibility that Jiao San and the others might search relentlessly and find him, and therefore find the secret cave.


Although chances were slim, if the Flower Wine Monk’s inheritance was discovered, Fang Yuan’s life would be in danger.


Fang Yuan was a very cautious person, and naturally he would not take such risks.


At the same time, it was safer at Jiang He’s place. Even if they had a shared secret, Jiang He would not kill him to silence him.


The risks and troubles of killing a Gu Master were too great. Without sufficient benefits, Jiang He had no motivation to do it. In fact, to preserve the secret, Jiang He would even have to worry about Fang Yuan’s safety.


After all, if the clan’s Punishment Hall investigated Fang Yuan’s death, they might find out about Old Man Wang.


Seeing Fang Yuan safe, Jiang He was truly relieved.


But soon, he felt Fang Yuan’s aura and his expression changed. “To think that you really succeeded at breaking through to rank two in one go!”


He was shocked. Five days ago when Fang Yuan approached him and stated his intentions, he had actually felt a bit of disdain.


Multitasking to break through to rank two while absorbing natural essence from primeval stones at the same time was extremely difficult. Normally speaking, Gu Masters needed a very strong will, patience, and years of cultivation experience.


Only with that experience could a Gu Master treat the extraction of essence from the stones as an instinct. At the same time, they needed to manipulate the primeval sea skillfully and control the rate of impact perfectly, keeping it just slow enough to match the recovery of primeval essence so that the process could be sustained.


In Jiang He’s opinion, Fang Yuan had no chance of success. But to think he did it in one go.


Fang Yuan laughed indifferently. “I was lucky. I plan to return to the village today, but before that, it would be nice if I could have a meal.”


“Hehehe, Little Brother Fang Yuan, since you’re here, of course I’ll handle it.” Jiang He patted his chest, his attitude even friendlier than before.


At first, he hadn’t expected much of Fang Yuan, but now that he’d advanced to rank two, Fang Yuan had the qualifications to be on par with him.


After a scrumptious meal, Jiang He brought Fang Yuan to the edge of the hamlet personally.


“Little Brother Fang Yuan, be careful on your way back. There’s been some trouble at the wolf dens recently, and wild beasts have become more active as a result. Eh, it is snowing.” Jiang He paused, then continued, “In my opinion, don’t go now. How about you stay for another night?”


He had become quite friendly after Fang Yuan reached rank two.


But Fang Yuan insisted on leaving, and bade Jiang He farewell.


The snowflakes fell calmly, like pure white fur lazily drifting down.


The light of the setting sun bathed the snow in gold.


Flake by flake, it accumulated on Fang Yuan’s head and shoulders.


Far in the distance, Gu Yue Village perched on the mountain waist, a silent sentinel.


