Chapter 920: Immemorial Desolate Beast, One Finger Flow Shark


A surging, vast aura!


Everyone’s gazes were attracted to it.


The sea became turbulent and tides started to rise.


Countless undercurrents formed in the seabed and moved rapidly while intertwined together, like countless giant dragons or pythons.


Undercurrent vortex started forming and continued to increase in numbers sharply!


Soon, the dangerous vortexes numbered to thousands, filling this sea area.


“This is?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng was startled.


“Immemorial desolate beast!” Fang Yuan’s eyes brightened.


Ordinary wild beasts, hundred beast kings, thousand beast kings, myriad beast kings, beast emperors, desolate beasts, ancient desolate beasts, immemorial desolate beasts…


Among them, immemorial desolate beasts were powerful existences comparable to rank eight Gu Immortals!


Shark Demon and Su Bai Man stared fixedly at the center of this aura — there, the form of the immemorial desolate beast was gradually revealed.




The state of the enemy was unknown, Blazing Heaven Demoness also had no choice but to stop her attacks for the moment, recalling the small fire bird to her side.


The sea tides rose and fell along with the rough waves.


The surface of the sea became dangerous while the undercurrents flowed chaotically inside the sea.


Several breaths later, the mysterious immemorial desolate beast’s true appearance was completely revealed.


This formidable immemorial desolate beast was unimaginably small and dainty looking.


It was so small that it was actually the size of an adult’s finger.


This was a shark.


An extremely exquisite and cute shark.


The size of an adult’s index finger.


Its whole body was shining with silver light. This light was not dazzling but mild, like a silk cloth that gently covered the small shark.




“Such a formidable aura, yet its body is like this…” Tai Bai Yun Sheng sighed, having a strange expression at this sight.


Blazing Heaven Demoness, however, showed a trace of seriousness.


The small shark ignored Fang Yuan, Shark Demon and the rest behind it, from the start, its two eyes had been gazing at Blazing Heaven Demoness, revealing intense enmity.


Shark Demon let out a breath, and transmitted his voice to Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng: “My plan has fortunately succeeded… don’t underestimate this small shark. It is a one finger flow shark.”


“This is a one finger flow shark?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng looked surprised and shocked.


Ordinary Gu Immortals would not know of the one finger flow shark, but as a time path Gu Immortal, Tai Bai Yun Sheng had long since heard of its name.


In fact, almost all time path Gu Immortals knew a mnemonic — one finger flow shark, an instance of brilliance. Flowing water and clear voice, heaven is impartial.


It was no exaggeration to say that the one finger flow shark was known widely because of the mnemonic.


It was a rank eight time path desolate beast, bearing extremely large amounts of time path dao marks, thus it could swim in the river of time with its physical body!


“The one finger flow shark normally hides in the river of time and does not reveal itself. The two of us also found its tracks by chance. Later, we intentionally requested for this sea area from Zombie Alliance, and built this shark sea.” Shark Demon continued to explain to Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


Blazing Heaven Demoness suddenly chuckled: “So it was like that, no wonder you two stopped at no expense to exchange for an immortal killer move of the enslavement path grandmaster, Hundred and Eighty Slaves, from Zombie Alliance — Lower Controls Higher. It was to use this enslavement path killer move to subdue this one finger flow shark, right?”


Enslavement path had always been about enslaving higher beasts to control lower.


For instance, back when Fang Yuan was in Northern Plains, using Wolf King Chang Shan Yin’s identity to participate in the contest of the imperial court, he had used myriad beast kings, thousand beast kings and so on to indirectly control the whole wolf army.


After all, one had a limited soul foundation, enslavement path Gu Masters could not directly control all the wild beasts.


The larger the scale of the beast group, the weaker the controlling power of the enslavement path Gu Master would be, the more their soul would have to endure and the less capable they would be in displaying skillful control.


But this was not absolute.


Gu are the essence of heaven and earth, man is the spirit of all living beings.


The wisdom of humans was undoubtedly at the top of all living beings.


In the long history of Gu cultivation, there once appeared an enslavement path grandmaster. He had a rough childhood, being born as a slave, and thus had very meager status. He used all the opportunities he obtained and took risks, continuously maturing and finally climbing to the pinnacle.


He was Hundred and Eighty Slaves.


A generation’s genius.


Normal enslavement path methods were to use those of higher status to rule over lower status. But he did the opposite, using beasts of lower status to rule over those of a higher status.


This was not without reason.


For instance, an emperor was the ruler, welding absolute power, sitting high above. But sometimes, when the people are united and of one mind, the emperor would also be trapped by the people’s will, and would be forced to do things against their own will.


Facing Blazing Heaven Demoness’ speculation, Shark Demon nodded and frankly admitted: “You guessed right, that is the case. I have been constantly managing the shark groups in this sea area, it is to use these shark groups to subdue the one finger flow shark. Unfortunately, my enslavement path attainment is insufficient and I also don’t have the Immortal Gu forming the killer move lower controls higher, thus, I haven’t succeeded until now.”


Hearing this, Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng could not help but glance at each other.


Shark Demon had a huge target, his ambition truly was not small.


He was only a rank seven immortal zombie, but wanted to subdue an immemorial desolate beast.


Those able to advance to Gu Immortals indeed were not simple.


If he truly succeeded and had such an aid, Shark Demon could be considered half a rank eight Gu Immortal. His status would immediately rise, with fame and benefits flowing in rapidly.


Currently, he might not have succeeded, but he had made some achievements.


At the least, after this one finger flow shark appeared, it had not cared about Shark Demon’s side, and instead directed all its hatred and anger to Blazing Heaven Demoness.


Shark Demon continued: “Moreover, this one finger flow shark is not only an immemorial desolate beast, it also contains several time path Immortal Gu!”


The intention of his words was to make Blazing Heaven Demoness aware of what she was dealing with and make her retreat.


This was not revealing information.


The one finger flow shark’s body was overflowing with the aura of Immortal Gu without being concealed. Even Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng could clearly feel it, let alone the rank eight immortal zombie Blazing Heaven Demoness.


“It is rumored that the river of time is home to countless time path Gu worms. The one finger flow shark can freely move around in the river of time, thus having Immortal Gu is not strange.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng whispered to Fang Yuan.


Fang Yuan thought of Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s inheritance.


He had to move deep into the river of time to obtain Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s inheritance. Maybe he could rely on the one finger flow shark’s ability?


The one finger flow shark was extremely rare, and there were probably not many even in the river of time.


To put it in other words, this was a major opportunity that could not be sought out and only found through chance.


No wonder Shark Demon and Su Bai Man stopped at no expense, spending endless time and energy to obtain the one finger flow shark.


“Hahaha!” Shark Demon’s words made Blazing Heaven Demoness laugh loudly, “Listening to what you say makes my urge to strike even stronger. Shark Demon! You want to rely on an outside force to make me retreat? To win without fighting? Hehe, wishful thinking!”


The moment she finished speaking, Blazing Heaven Demoness pointed with her finger.


The small fire bird perched on her shoulder suddenly moved, flying straight towards Shark Demon’s direction.


“It’s coming!” Shark Demon, Fang Yuan and the rest felt their hearts chill, their whole body turned tense as they became extremely vigilant.


The fire bird seemed harmless but in truth, its power was vast and extraordinary.


However, at this moment!


The one finger flow shark suddenly moved, resembling a silver firefly as it pounced at the fire bird.


The two were extremely fast, and in the blink of an eye, had already collided in the sea!


There was no sound and there was no explosion. The instant they collided, a strange thing occurred.


Both sides, which were extremely fast, suddenly stilled. Turning from extreme speed to extreme stillness, at that instant, the one finger flow shark and the small fire bird seemed to have transformed into a painting.


Such a transformation gave the spectators a feeling of being too abrupt.


Shortly, Fang Yuan and the rest saw the one finger flow shark slowly move, using its exquisite nose to lightly poke the small fire bird.


Afterwards, the one finger flow shark made an extremely elegant motion, its whole body leaped over the small fire bird and continued to swiftly move ahead.


In the blink of an eye, the stillness ended.


The speeds of the one finger flow shark and the small fire bird were restored.


However, the former had already moved past the small fire bird and was charging towards Blazing Heaven Demoness.


While the small fire bird was moving towards Shark Demon and the rest of the group.


Shark Demon and Su Bai Man were already extremely alert and when they saw the small bird nearing them, they held their breaths, preparing to contend with it.


Fang Yuan was almost about to pull away and retreat, but right at this moment, the small fire bird suddenly flapped its wings and drew an arc as it turned around, chasing after the one finger flow shark.


“Such nimbleness!” Shark Demon was able to avoid this confrontation, but he was instead pale from shock.


‘This small fire bird can move smoothly according to the controller’s thoughts, it seems it is not a simple fire path killer move, there are definitely wisdom path methods mixed in it.’ Fang Yuan analyzed rapidly.


“That scene just now should be because a certain time path Immortal Gu in the one finger flow shark activated. This Immortal Gu can cause the flow of time in a certain range to become extremely slow. It seemed like the two turned from extreme speed to almost complete stillness, but their speed had actually not changed.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng quickly said.


Su Bai Man nodded and added: “Not only that. When the one finger flow shark poked the fire bird’s body, the Immortal Gu’s aura had changed again, it should be the activation of the second time path Immortal Gu, it is just that its effect is unclear.”


The moment she finished speaking, the effect showed up.


Blazing Heaven Demoness’ expression suddenly changed, because the small fire bird chasing the one finger flow shark, had suddenly detonated.


Boom!


Like a crack of thunder resounded over the area.


Flames accompanied the surging blast, as it ferociously spread everywhere.


In an instant, an immense quantity of sea water evaporated and countless lives were lost.


A hemispherical crater formed over the whole sea.


When the fire bird had detonated, it had already flown out of the sea, but the bottom of the crater had unexpectedly touched the soil of the seabed.


Next, the surrounding seawater surged in to fill the gap.


Swoosh!


Tides surged, and huge waves stirred up in the sea. The soil on the seabed rolled and mixed in with the water, making visibility extremely poor.


Fang Yuan and the rest were in a rather miserable state, they had no choice but to fly out of the sea and float in the sky as they continued to watch the battle.


They saw the one finger flow shark shoot directly towards Blazing Heaven Demoness’ face like a silver arrow.


Blazing Heaven Demoness’ expression became more focused, how would she dare to take it head-on?


Man is the spirit of all livings beings, this phrase was not false, but when strength, recovery, speed and so on were compared, humans were not outstanding among the endless living beings.


Even after becoming Gu Immortals, they usually could not compare to desolate beasts.


The one finger flow shark was small, but it was an immemorial desolate beast, its small body concealed incomparably frightening brute strength!




