Chapter 929: Plotting Against Old Ancestor Xue Hu


The huge Dark Flow Giant City was situation in a desolate land.


Darkness loomed over it, the giant city was like a slumbering beast, quietly lurking.


Ever since Old Ancestor Xue Hu had ransacked the immortal zombie graveyard, Dragon Commander Ye Cha and the other two leaders had closed the entirety of Dark Flow Giant City, showing a defensive stance.


Dark Flow Giant City was focusing on defense, no matter how other forces tried to probe it, they could only obtain a bit of information.


When night came, Blazing Heaven Demoness led the other Eastern Sea immortal zombies and secretly returned to Dark Flow Giant City.


“Subordinates Yin Liu Gong, Dragon Commander Ye Cha and Huang Quan Weng welcome leader and both lords, greetings to everyone.” The three currently in charge of Northern Plains Zombie Alliance paid respects, they could not conceal the uneasiness and agitation in their expressions.


“Get up. You were facing Old Ancestor Xue Hu, it was not your fault.” Blazing Heaven Demoness said first.


Yin Liu Gong and the others sighed in relief, their worries were eased.


Their lives had been very difficult these last few days.


On one hand, they were waiting for the reinforcements from Zombie Alliance’s headquarters, but at the same time, they were worried about their responsibility towards this matter in terms of negligence.


“Old Ancestor Xue Hu was too arrogant, he has to pay the price, we of Zombie Alliance are not to be trifled with.” Another rank eight immortal zombie said.




The surrounding immortal zombies looked at him in admiration, they quickly voiced out their agreement.


This rank eight immortal zombie was known as Corpse Detonation King, he was most skilled at using the smallest cost to ignite immortal zombie bodies and cause terrifying explosions.


He had a bad temper and was ruthless, when he passed the regional wall, he wantonly attacked allies who disagreed with him and killed them. Among the four rank seven immortal zombies that died, three were dead because of him. Their corpses were blown to bits, completely shattered, they created a huge explosion in the regional wall which allowed Corpse Detonation King to advance forward.


“Leader, when are we counterattacking?”


“When we attack, please let me be the vanguard!”


Yin Liu Gong and Huang Quan Weng saw the reinforcements from Eastern Sea and felt a strong sense of enthusiasm, they requested to help.


Blazing Heaven Demoness was not anxious, she said leisurely: “This matter is very important, let’s go look at the crime scene first, we need to collect evidence there.”


“That’s right, looking at these traces, we might be able to estimate some of Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s methods.” Another rank eight immortal zombie, Pu Wan Dao, nodded in agreement.


Even though they were greater in numbers, they were all immortal zombies, compared to living Gu Immortals, they had many drawbacks.


Most importantly, the other party was not an ordinary person, they could not pressure him easily.




This was someone who could fight both Yao Huang and Heavenly Lord Bai Zu alone and force them back, he was a fearsome character, the publicly recognized number one demonic path Gu Immortal in Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world!


Next, the immortal zombies moved without pause, secretly going to Earth Trench and analyzing the battlefield.


The battlefield was well preserved by Yin Liu Gong and the others.


The immortal zombie graveyard was a mess, the surface was covered in large amounts of frost, some crevices even had some fire burning in them.


Everyone displayed their abilities as they investigated.


Fang Yuan was among them, but his mind was wandering.


He gazed around, but his mind was elsewhere. He was looking for the treasure, but this treasure was not inside the immortal zombie graveyard, it was far deeper in Earth Trench.


“How can I obtain this treasure without anyone else knowing? I have a feeling this inheritance will surely be of huge help to me. Perhaps I will have to rely on it to get rid of my immortal zombie body and revive.”


Fang Yuan was becoming more excited about it.


But currently it was a pity that he was unable to leave the group, he could only follow them as they left Earth Trench, returning to Dark Flow Giant City.


After observing the battlefield, the immortal zombies’ expressions turned very ugly.


Even Corpse Detonation King and Pu Wan Dao had grim expressions.


Even though they did not engage in battle personally, just looking at the traces left behind, they could estimate Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s immense power.


But this made everyone feel that there was something strange, it was the person who could fight Old Ancestor Xue Hu to this extent.


“Who is this person? With rank seven cultivation level, he had outstanding battle strength, even already having set up a Gu formation in the graveyard itself. They seem to be an immortal zombie as well, but why do I not have their details in my list of names?” Blazing Heaven Demoness frowned deeply, she asked Yin Liu Gong and the others.


Yin Liu Gong, Dragon Commander Ye Cha, and Huang Quan Weng smiled bitterly, they admitted blame in unison: “We have failed our duties, we were kept in the dark and did not know that there was such a person hiding in Earth Trench.”


Blazing Heaven Demoness snorted coldly, her expression turned cold: “Investigate, investigate thoroughly. I feel that this is not so simple! Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s appearance here can be explained. He needs to refine fortune rivalling heaven Gu but is lacking in immortal materials. But why did that mysterious immortal zombie appear in our Northern Plains Zombie Alliance graveyard? Looking at this situation, he had been here for a long time already!”


“No need to investigate.” At this time, the rank eight Gu Immortal Corpse Detonation King interjected: “This person is a member of Zombie Alliance. We are here now to rescue him.”


Beside him, Pu Wan Dao added: “Lady Blazing Heaven Demoness, and everyone from Northern Plains Zombie Alliance, do forgive us. This person is not ordinary, he is a ten extreme immortal zombie with outstanding battle strength. Because he is on a secret mission from Zombie Alliance, for his safety, he was kept hidden. Zombie Alliance’s headquarters has sent down a top priority order, we have to work together to rescue this Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie.”


“It was like this?” The immortal zombies showed looks of shock.


Yin Liu Gong and the other two were slightly taken aback before their expressions turned grim.


Dragon Commander Ye Cha cupped his fists at the people from Eastern Sea: “I wonder what secret mission this Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie was on, that he had to come to the highly important immortal zombie graveyard in our Northern Plains Zombie Alliance.”


Corpse Detonation King replied coldly: “This is not something you are qualified to know.”


“Alright.” Blazing Heaven Demoness stood up, she tried to ease the situation: “Our enemy now is Old Ancestor Xue Hu. Since that immortal zombie is one of us, we will save him as well.”


Yin Liu Gong and the others nodded in agreement.


Fang Yuan watched coldly from the side.


This secret was kept from even Blazing Heaven Demoness. She was, after all, a Northern Plains immortal zombie, even though she had been in Eastern Sea for a long time, she was still isolated from the true core of Zombie Alliance.


At the same time, Fang Yuan realized something.


Zombie Alliance sent out so many people not only to teach Old Ancestor Xue Hu a lesson, but they most importantly wanted to save this Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie.


Fang Yuan saw this interesting situation as he laughed internally: “Hehe, if this Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie was sent by Zombie Alliance’s headquarters secretly as a spy to check on the Northern Plains branch, that would be amusing! Earlier, Dragon Commander Ye Cha was probably trying to ask about this.”


“Lady Blazing Heaven Demoness, you are indeed a valuable member of our Zombie Alliance. If everyone else had your awareness and understanding, why would we have to worry about Zombie Alliance’s goal of becoming the overlord of the five regions? Hahaha!” Corpse Detonation King laughed loudly.


Blazing Heaven Demoness was kept in the dark, she only learned about the true mission now.


But she was a shrewd person, she did not show any displeasure, instead she said: “Next, let us talk about how we will teach Old Ancestor Xue Hu a lesson and also save the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie.”


Corpse Detonation King immediately said: “The Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie’s body has an abundance of fire path and lightning path dao marks, he is extremely suited to be used to refine Gu. We should not waste time, we should just approach him directly.”


“Going right at him is just an act of a boor.” Blazing Heaven Demoness rebuked, not giving Corpse Detonation King any face.


Corpse Detonation King stared as he was about to say something, but Pu Wan Dao also supported Blazing Heaven Demoness: “That is right, the other party captured the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie, he has a hostage. If we go there openly, even if we suppress Old Ancestor Xue Hu, he will use the hostage to threaten us, we will be restricted and all our advantages would be lost.”


“Then we will sneak into Snowy Mountain blessed land and save the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie!” Corpse Detonation King said again.


Blazing Heaven Demoness snorted: “Outside Dark Flow Giant City, there are countless hidden investigators, some must come from Snowy Mountain blessed land. With just this, we can see how alert Old Ancestor Xue Hu is, Snowy Mountain blessed land is sure to be heavily guarded. It is not realistic to sneak in, it is like surrendering ourselves to them. Of course! Corpse Detonation King, you are incredibly powerful and have amazing skills, if you want to, you can go yourself. I am sure that with your strength, you will succeed.”


“You!” Corpse Detonation King was lost for words, he showed an ashamed and angry expression.


“Then, in your opinion, what shall we do?” Pu Wan Dao placed his hand on Corpse Detonation King’s shoulder as he asked Blazing Heaven Demoness with a sharp gaze.


Blazing Heaven Demoness smiled proudly: “Even though Old Ancestor Xue Hu is strong, and Snowy Mountain blessed land is heavily guarded, it cannot conceal his greatest weakness.”


Someone asked: “Oh? What weakness?”


Blazing Heaven Demoness looked around as she said: “Fortune rivalling heaven Immortal Gu.”


Fang Yuan had no interest in dealing with Old Ancestor Xue Hu, when the immortal zombies were discussing about schemes excitedly, he was thinking about how to get to the treasure deep inside Earth Trench.


After an exchange of words, Blazing Heaven Demoness regained control as the first in command.


The immortal zombies planned and arranged their roles. Blazing Heaven Demoness did not let Fang Yuan go with them, she gave him one mission only, that was to continue refining star thought Immortal Gu.


She even gave Fang Yuan a token, it provided him the highest representation of her authority.


With this token, Fang Yuan could freely enter or exit Dark Flow Giant City, as well as the resource points that were controlled by Northern Plains Zombie Alliance. He could even enter the storage and use the precious immortal materials that were accumulated inside.


As long as they were used to refine Immortal Gu, he just had to register what he took.


The terms were relaxed and in his favor, Fang Yuan could not help but be surprised by this.


“Does Blazing Heaven Demoness still want to take down Yu Lu blessed land? That is not possible. Not mentioning how long it would take to solve this issue with Old Ancestor Xue Hu, now that Shark Demon and Su Bai Man have started invading it again, they are sure to make use of their time and invite wisdom path Gu Immortals to help regardless of the cost.”


“But once I have star thought Immortal Gu, together with my wisdom path attainment level, I can deduce many things. Maybe Blazing Heaven Demoness wants to make use of my ability in this regard to deal with Old Ancestor Xue Hu?”




