Chapter 93: Small Beast Tide


“Run faster, don’t fall behind!”


“The clansmen in front are fighting a bloody battle, they are waiting for our backup.”


“Follow closely, or you will easily lose your way in the midst of battle at night. Newcomers better pay special attention!”


•••


On the way back to the village, five man groups would appear from time to time, sprinting past Fang Yuan.


Did something happen? He had not walked for more than five hundred meters when he saw the thirteenth group.


He could not help but contemplate, but to be quite honest, five hundred years of memories were too messy. He had spent some effort since his rebirth to recall everything that he could, but most of his memories were enshrouded in fog, and trying to recall them by force would only leave him lost in that fog, with little to gain.


Only a few deep and powerful memories like sparkling, translucent pearls threaded those five hundred years like a necklace.


It was evident that what was happening right now was not, in fact, in any of those pearls.


His time in Gu Yue Village in that life had just been a prelude, and it was far too long ago. And besides…


There’s a possibility that this never happened in my previous life, but because I changed something, it caused a butterfly effect.


He continued walking while pondering. Without noticing it, he had reached the northern gate of the village.


Coincidentally, there was another group about to set off.


“Eh?” On seeing Fang Yuan, one person from this group stopped in his tracks. “Fang Yuan, why are you still here?”


“What’s wrong?” Fang Yuan looked up. It was none other than his fellow schoolmate, Chi Cheng.


Chi Cheng immediately frowned. “Oh geez, you still don’t know yet? A small beast tide formed near the village. If we let it be, it will grow out of control. When that happens, the hamlets at the foot of the mountain will be crushed. Even if they’re slaves, it’d be troublesome to lose them.”


“Ah, is that what happened?” Fang Yuan’s eyes flashed.


With this reminder, he was able to recall that something like this did happen.


In this world, it was hard for humanity to survive. Every few years, there would be a beast tide. Humans needed resources and living space, but so did wild beasts!


Perhaps it would be easier to explain a beast tide as a war between wild animals and humanity.


Taking Qing Mao Mountain as an example, every three years there would be a large wolf horde that attacked each of the three clan villages.


As I recall, the real wolf tide will happen next year. However, this small beast tide is a subsidiary of that one. The wolves will continue breeding and growing stronger, driving the other beasts in the area out of their territory. Eventually, they will cause other beast groups to migrate, and cause a chain reaction.


A beast tide can form by chance due to this chain reaction. If the problem is not handled in time, it will only grow larger. Although it is not a mortal danger if left alone, the village’s strength will be reduced.


Wait! If that’s the case…heh heh heh. His eyes flashed, but Fang Yuan promptly looked down, hiding the change.


Seeing that Fang Yuan had not said anything, Chi Cheng continued to speak. “At present, the Internal and External Affairs Halls have both already given the order to mobilize, they proclaimed this as an urgent mission. Fang Yuan, don’t think of goofing off. Your group already left this morning, you must also go. But…”


Chi Cheng intentionally dragged out his words. “Danger lurks everywhere during a beast tide. All kinds of wild beasts roam about, and most importantly, a battle in the night is way more dangerous than during the day. You’re just a tiny little rank one Gu Master, not a rank two like me, so you should be careful. Heh heh heh!”


As he said this, he held his head high, puffed out his chest, and placed a hand on his belt, joy and pride evident on his face.


His belt was no longer a green rank one belt, but a rank two Gu Master’s red belt. Carved on the metal plate was the number “2”.


Thanks to his grandfather Chi Lian, he had ascended to rank two not long ago.


“I just heard about this news, but since this is the case…” Fang Yuan suddenly smiled and said, “Then I’ll follow you guys and set out together. Once on the front lines, I’ll leave your team and return to mine.”


“What? Urgh, who wants to bring you!” Chi Cheng folded his arms and curled his lip in disdain.


Fang Yuan leisurely replied, “The clan rules state: Gu Masters that are left behind must merge into the closest group, they have an obligation to continue fighting. Chi Cheng, you don’t even know that much?”


“You!” Chi Cheng glared at him, flaring up with anger.


“Indeed, that is the case.” Chi Shan, who had been watching quietly, finally spoke.


He was nearly two meters tall, and his build was powerful and strong. His torso was bare, the exposed muscles hard and tough as iron. His entire body was covered in fiery red skin that seemed to heat the air around him.


Undoubtedly, he was the captain of this group.


Seeing him speak, even Chi Cheng, who was the Chi faction’s inheritor, kept his mouth shut.


Chi Shan expressionlessly looked at Fang Yuan. “Let us depart. Stay close.”


His voice was low and deep, his words short and simple. There was an aura around him that caused people not to question him.


Fang Yuan shrugged nonchalantly, taking his response as agreement.


Chi Cheng laughed coldly, his eyes unable to hide his malicious intent. He said with peculiar emphasis, “Then you had better keep up!”


Fang Yuan did not reply.


“Hmph, why do we have to drag him around? A mere rank one Gu Master,” Chi Cheng mumbled to himself angrily. Even so, he did not dare to act impudent with Chi Shan around.


At once, a group of six people set out from the entrance, following the mountain road and running down the slope.


Chi Shan took the lead. Though he was large, he was not slow at all. Besides him and Chi Cheng, the group also included two men and one woman, their expressions indifferent.


As they ran, Chi Shan’s group started to display the graceful bearing of one of the three strongest teams.


They breathed evenly, their footsteps quick and sure. Only Chi Cheng seemed to have some trouble, but he would reluctantly use his Dragonpill Cricket Gu from time to time to catch up. Even so, it was obvious that he had been trained well, for although he often stumbled along the way, he never fell.


When they reached the foot of the mountain, with a gesture from Chi Shan, the group swiftly halted.


Huff huff…


Chi Cheng had fallen behind three hundred meters, and he was the last to catch up. His face was pale and he panted heavily, looking incredulously at Fang Yuan.


During the journey, Fang Yuan had remained closely behind Chi Shan, and even now his breathing was only slightly heavy. He did not look the least bit like a newcomer who had just graduated.


“Chi Cheng, remember, regulate your physical strength,” Chi Shan looked back and advised. Then he glanced at Fang Yuan, his eyes showing a hint of praise.


The looks that the other group members gave Fang Yuan had also softened a little.


“We are approaching the beast tide. Chi Cheng and Fang Yuan, come to the middle of the team,” Chi Shan said, looking at the pitch-black mountain forest before him.


Fang Yuan reevaluated Chi Shan.


This huge boulder of a man had quite some tolerance. The middle of a group was typically the safest spot. Although Fang Yuan was not of the Chi bloodline, Chi Shan still protected him like one of his own. Jiao San’s attitude paled in comparison.


It had already become completely dark, and the black clouds covering the sky blotted out the moon, leaving even the snow dark and gloomy.


The group had already shifted to the new formation. Everyone slowed down as they contended with the complicated terrain of the mountain forest.


Fang Yuan and Chi Cheng were in the middle part of the group. On the left was Chi Shan, while on the right there was an older man. At the rear was a young woman with a head of long, watery-blue hair.


And at the front was a man called Chi She.


He was the reconnaissance Gu Master of this group, and he kept making hissing noises. From time to time, he would stick his tongue out into the air, revealing a bright red forked snake tongue. As they entered deeper into the mountain forest, wild beasts began to appear around them.


Suddenly, Chi She spoke. “Before us, three medium-sized animals have appeared. Suspected to be wild deer.”


“Drive them away,” Chi Shan immediately ordered, his expression unchanging.


The six-man group continued forward. Three wild deer appeared before them and dispersed in panic at the sight of the group.


Not long after, Chi She’s expression changed. “A group of medium-sized creatures. Suspected to be turtleback apes.”


“Shift,” Chi Shan said.


The team immediately broke off to the left, bypassing this group of troublesome apes.


This was the benefit of having a reconnaissance Gu Master: he was able to anticipate threats and inform them earlier, letting them make correct decisions.


Chi She is probably using a Snake Tongue Gu. This rank two Gu worm can sense heat. But it has three very obvious flaws. Firstly, it has a fairly short range. Secondly, it is easily interfered with. Thirdly, it cannot detect cold-blooded creatures. Even so, it is better than not having any scouting methods. I will need a detection Gu to survive in the wild in the future, Fang Yuan thought.


Suddenly, Chi She spoke urgently. “A middle-sized creature, suspected to be a white tiger. It’s found us and is quickly approaching!”


“Engage.” Chi Shan’s tone was calm and collected.


Roar!


A fierce tiger jumped out from the thicket in front of them, and the group met it head-on. Without Chi She’s warning in advance, perhaps they would’ve been caught unprepared.


But right now, the group had long been ready.


The old Gu Master on the right suddenly puffed up his cheeks and spat out a white, viscous substance. It expanded in mid-air, becoming a giant spiderweb net. The sticky threads clung to the white tiger as it was struck full in the face.


The tiger struggled fiercely in the net. Chi Shan immediately stepped forward and slammed his fist down on the tiger’s head.


Golden light flared around his fist, and with a bang, the tiger’s head was smashed to pieces. It died in one breath.


The group did not pause at all; they walked over the tiger’s body and continued forward. Chi She swapped with Chi Shan and once again ran at the front of the group.


The entire process was like moving clouds and flowing water. All the group members displayed mutual understanding.


That did not take more than three seconds. If I took on that tiger alone as I am now, I would need at least five minutes to deal with it. Fang Yuan’s eyes flashed.


These Gu Masters were also rank two like him, but the main disparity was still in their Gu worms.


They all used rank two Gu worms, and they complemented each other. However, all the Gu in Fang Yuan’s hands were still rank one.


In the title of Gu Master, the word Gu came before the word Master, signifying that Gu worms had a huge impact on their strength.


Although I have advanced to rank two, I still need to have rank two Gu to be able to display power befitting a rank two Gu Master. However, right now I do not have many primeval stones on me. I used up much of what I had in breaking through to rank two. Refining Gu worms will also use up a considerable amount of primeval stones.


As Fang Yuan was thinking, Chi She suddenly said, “I found the Sickly Snake’s group.”


