Chapter 94: Letting Go


“I found the Sickly Snake’s group up ahead. They are currently in combat with a large-sized wild beast.” Half a second later, Chi She confirmed it in more detail.


“What’s the situation?” Chi Shan frowned.


“There’s no mistake.” Chi She’s snake tongue continued to stretch and shrink. “Jiao San has the only Red Lava Python in the entire village. Their opponent is…a wild boar king!!”


Everyone’s expression changed.


Wild boar king…if I want to fuse certain Gu worms, I require wild boar tusks. Undoubtedly, the wild boar king’s tusks are the most suitable. Fang Yuan’s heart stirred. In actuality, he had intended to kill the wild boar king since he first learned about it.


“That wild boar king?” The female Gu Master with blue hair raised her eyebrows.


“There are no others in this part of the mountain. But trying to kill it with just their own strength…their appetite is too big,” the old Gu Master sneered in disdain.


If Old Man Wang could grasp the terrain of the mountain by himself, these rank two Gu Masters who were always roaming around Qing Mao Mountain would obviously be familiar with it as well. It seemed there was a reason they had not killed this wild boar king before.


Chi Shan pondered a moment, then said, “Go support them.”


“Hehe, I’m afraid they won’t appreciate it.” The old Gu Master laughed coldly.


“Even if we do not go and support them, we still have to send someone over!” Chi Cheng said unhappily, glancing at Fang Yuan.


The team shifted to the left.


Although Chi Shan and the rest looked down on Jiao San and did not like him, they were still clansmen. Even if they held dislike, disagreements, and grudges, they would work together against outside foes.


This was the unity of a clan in this world.


It was precisely because of this unity that clans could endure for centuries, even millennia.


Everyone moved through the dark forest, heading towards a lowland clearing.


The Sickly Snake group’s four Gu Masters had surrounded the wild boar king, engaging in fierce combat.


In the center, the wild boar king stood as large as an elephant. It was fighting with a long, thick, red python.


This giant python seemed to be made of chunks of rock that glowed red-hot. It coiled around the wild boar king like a massive chain.


The wild boar king howled, rolling on the ground, its snow-white tusks piercing the darkness and drawing cold lines in the air.


Its tail had already been broken, and its body was covered in injuries big and small. As it flipped around, it revealed fresh red burns from the coiling python.


Chi Shan’s group did not get closer, choosing to observe from a distance.


After a few moments, the old Gu Master was enlightened. “I understand why they had the courage to fight it. Looks like the wild boar king was already injured. Tsk, he sure found some cheap goods. Lucky bastard.”


“Do you guys think that this wild boar king might have a Black Boar Gu on it?” Chi Cheng said excitedly, eyes shining.


Fang Yuan’s expression did not change as he watched silently.


At that moment, Jiao San and his gang also realized they were being watched. The team’s logistics support Gu Master, Kong Jing, left the battlefield and ran over.


“Oh, it is Lord Chi Shan. There are no problems here, we can handle it. The front lines need your support, there are many wild beasts there,” Kong Jing said.


“Hmph, what do you mean you can handle it? You’re clearly lying through your teeth, I can see that your python isn’t going to hang in there much longer.” The old Gu Master’s experienced eyes saw through the situation at once.


“You’re just afraid of us wanting to split the rewards after we help,” the blue-haired female Gu Master pointed out.


“This wild boar king is yours,” Chi Shan said. He looked at the old Gu Master.


The old man snorted, but he still braced himself and vomited out a sticky white spider web.


The web expanded in the air, enveloping the wild boar king.


The wild boar king struggled intensely in the web, snapping some of the threads, but it could not get free quickly.


While it writhed, Jiao San quickly recalled his Red Lava Python. He worked together with the female Gu Master in his group to perform emergency healing on it.


During the battle, the python’s body had already developed some cracks. Through the healing, the cracks mended, shrinking until they disappeared.


“Fang Yuan, you should go to them. Or do you still want to depend on our group?” Chi Cheng said in annoyance.


Fang Yuan stepped out from behind Chi Shan.


Earlier, because he was behind Chi Shan, Kong Jing had not seen him. Now, at the sight of Fang Yuan, his expression turned weird.


Jiao San turned his head. Seeing Fang Yuan, he was overjoyed. “Fang Yuan, you’re finally here! Quick, the spider web is not going to hold. You have incredible strength, go and restrain the wild boar king and buy us time to heal the Red Lava Python.”


Without a defensive Gu and with only rank one cultivation, getting close to the wild boar king was nothing but risky.


Chi Shan glanced at Fang Yuan and said, “Let’s go.”


He left at the head of his group with his massive strides.


He kept his word; although the wild boar king was quite valuable, he turned around and left without hesitation.


Seeing Chi Shan’s group leaving, Jiao San and the gang breathed a sigh of relief. From start to finish, they did not say a word of thanks.


Jiao San continued shouting, “Fang Yuan, hurry, the wild boar king is too strong, the spider web is not going to hold out. If you perform well this time, I will not pursue the matter of you leaving the team on your own.”


“Okay,” Fang Yuan agreed. He rushed up to the wild boar king and grabbed it by its massive tusks.


He used all his strength and pulled, suppressing the boar’s struggles.


“Good job!” Jiao San praised, but his eyes shone with cold light.


Fang Yuan had come at a good time, the small beast tide was the perfect chance!


Jiao San had never thought of killing Fang Yuan. Fang Yuan was his teammate, and if he died, the clan’s evaluation of him would drop. That did not suit his interests.


He had only promised Fang Yuan’s uncle to slow down his growth. If he could delay Fang Yuan’s advancement until he turned seventeen, Dong Tu had promised him a fortune.


The truth was, he had another reason as to why he did not think of killing Fang Yuan. Though he was wary of the Punishment Hall’s investigation, he also truly believed that family came first. The clan made sure to indoctrinate its members with this tenet, engraving it in their hearts. The only true feuds in the clan were revenge for a family member’s death or for stealing one’s wife.


As Gu Yue Bo once taught the academy elder, a clan was held together by more than just rules and systems. Blood was thicker than water.


Any organization would need to have a system and values at its core.


Using this opportunity, I’ll let Fang Yuan get injured and return to the village to nurse his injuries. Let’s see if he can cultivate to rank two like that! But I cannot strike personally, it would go poorly if I were discovered. Since we are dealing with a beast tide, I’ll borrow its strength.


Jiao San laughed coldly in his heart, but out loud he asked, “Fang Yuan, how long can you hold out?”


“A while longer, don’t worry, captain,” Fang Yuan replied confidently.


“Very good! Hua Xin, go and plant your Corrosion Blood Grass Gu,” Jiao San ordered as he continued healing the Red Lava Python.


“Yes!” One of the female Gu Masters walked up.


She went to the side of the wild boar king and stretched out both hands, raising her thumbs. On the nails of her thumbs, there was an insignia of a coiling purple vine.


Red steel primeval essence gushed out and surrounded her thumbs, entering the insignia.


The vines instantly came to life, delicate tentacles extending from her nails.


They snaked out towards the wild boar king’s mouth, then along its teeth, and vanished into its stomach.


Hehehe… Fang Yuan’s mouth, hidden in the darkness, curled into a devious smirk.


Other people might not dare to hold killing intent for their clansmen out of kinship and morals, but he did not take those values to heart.


The force he was applying to the wild boar king’s tusks suddenly vanished.


The wild boar king roared and summoned all its strength. Its tusks swung around, and Fang Yuan, who was still holding onto them, was flung away.


The wild boar king swung its head again, the tusks sweeping around. Hua Xin, who was standing right next to it, couldn’t react in time. She screamed in agony as her slim body broke in two with a snap.


She flew away like a broken sack; she was swept high into the air, then plopped down again.


She landed on the ground, eyes wide open. She had died instantly.


