Chapter 948: Attitude Gu!


Central Continent, Heavenly Court.


The silver light in the sky seemed everlasting and indestructible. There were many halls on the ground, but there was silence, without any person around.


There was an old tower standing tall and proud among the halls.


This tower was covered in blemishes, it had over three million years of history.


It was very famous, the Immortal Gu House that Star Constellation Immortal Venerable created herself — Heaven Overseeing Tower!


There was a huge refinement path Gu formation around Heaven Overseeing Tower.


In the four cores of the Gu formation, there were four rank eight Gu Immortals respectively, three male and one female, one old looking and three young.


At this moment, seeing that the huge Gu formation was gradually coming to a halt, the four Heavenly Court Gu Immortals let out deep breaths, their tense minds calmed down.


Once they relaxed, Lian Jiu Sheng’s body wavered, he could not stand upright, he sat down on the ground directly.


The others were not any better.


Bai Cang Shui’s head was full of sweat, while Bi Chen Tian was pale. Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord’s aged face had even deeper wrinkles than before.




Any of these four people, if they went outside, would be huge characters in Central Continent, or famous experts even in the five regions.


But at this moment, they were all exhausted, it was as if they were extremely hungry, after having fought strong foes for three hundred days, without any rest or sleep.


After all, how could repairing the rank nine Immortal Gu Fate be so easy?


Thinking about the difficulties when activating the Gu formation, Bai Cang Shui and the others felt immensely glad.


One crucial step in repairing Fate was to draw in heaven’s will.


Heaven’s will was grand and vast, a human’s will was small and insignificant compared to it. The four Gu Immortals endured much hardship to maintain their consciousness amidst the inflow of heaven’s will, under this situation minutes felt like years, they lasted for several hundred days and eventually succeeded.


“Good! Just now was a great success for repairing fate Immortal Gu. Everyone has worked hard.” Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord carried his walking stick as he slowly got up, he looked at the Gu formation in the center with much joy, as fate Immortal Gu floated above it.


This fate Immortal Gu was like a black and white spider. The red wound on its body had already shrunken by thirty percent.


“We finally succeeded.” Bi Chen Tian sighed.


“Now that we succeeded, fate Gu can already use fifty percent of its strength. Even if it is outside of Heaven Overseeing Tower, it can start to show some effect!” Lian Jiu Sheng said excitedly.




“Oh? What effect?” Bai Cang Shui asked in puzzlement.


Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord was extremely tired, but he smiled and said: “The effect of fate Immortal Gu is fate itself. You have to know: All living beings in this world have certain paths in life that they follow, they cannot be allowed to change. After Red Lotus Demon Venerable harmed fate Immortal Gu, the world went into chaos! Right now, fate Immortal Gu has already recovered fifty percent of its strength, with its existence, the world is already starting to adjust itself. All of those who derailed from their original path before this, even if they took a huge detour, will start to move towards their original fate, and continue on that path!”


At this moment, in Northern Plains.


Blazing Heaven Demoness listed her true intentions.


After considering them, Fang Yuan replied to Blazing Heaven Demoness.


He did not directly reject the sixth request, he said he that he could not directly make the decision for such a thing. He would try to inform his master, Purple Mountain True Monarch, but whether he would show up or not was the master’s decision.


Blazing Heaven Demoness expressed her understanding.


After both sides reached a consensus, the heavy atmosphere eased slightly.


After patiently negotiating, both sides set a new agreement.


This alliance agreement was hard to break. Fang Yuan used his previous life’s experiences to avoid loopholes in the alliance agreement and increasing the difficulties of breaking it.


Fang Yuan estimated that even if Fairy Li Shan had information path great grandmaster attainment level, she would still need at least two to three years to break the agreement.


Moreover, Fairy Li Shan was not an information path great grandmaster.


After setting the alliance agreement, Fang Yuan’s safety was assured, he followed the agreement and handed over self strength Immortal Gu to Hei Lou Lan.


Even though he lost self strength Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan was satisfied with the results.


In fact, Blazing Heaven Demoness was not overbearing in this negotiation.


Of course, if Fang Yuan refused to hand over self strength Immortal Gu, then that would be another story.


Fang Yuan made great gains this time.


All in all, this was a fair exchange of benefits.


Blazing Heaven Demoness did not try to lay her hands on Fang Yuan’s Hu Immortal blessed land, Star Form blessed land, Dang Hun Mountain, or Fixed Immortal Travel. She did not even mention Fairy Li Shan’s time luck Immortal Gu.


This showed that she was truly sincere in cooperating with Fang Yuan.


Be it his wisdom path attainment, Fixed Immortal Travel or other aspects, Fang Yuan had very great value if used.


After achieving a mutually beneficial result by cooperating, Blazing Heaven Demoness would not strike forcefully.


After all, in her mind, Fang Yuan was backed by Purple Mountain True Monarch.


After Hei Lou Lan received self strength Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan purposely let go of it, and she successfully refined it rapidly.


It had finally returned to her, Hei Lou Lan sighed as she used the Immortal Gu.


At once, her body shook as three strength path phantoms appeared.


These three phantoms were not burly and rough-looking men like before, they were similar to Hei Lou Lan’s own appearance, they were all peerless beauties.


Fairy Li Shan was overjoyed at this: “Little Lan, you have finally unraveled the biggest obstacle in your heart, and found your true self!”


Hei Lou Lan nodded in joy.


When she killed Hei Cheng personally, she felt refreshed, her breathing became more relaxed, and she felt like she had started a new life.


The strength path phantoms in front of her were proof.


Hei Lou Lan smiled and laughed, she turned towards Blazing Heaven Demoness: “Elder aunt, don’t you want Hei Fan’s time path inheritance? I can help you.”


Blazing Heaven Demoness heard Hei Lou Lan calling her ‘elder aunt’ and trembled from excitement.


She knew that Hei Lou Lan actually hated her.


After all, if it were not for her injury, Hei Lou Lan’s mother would not have exposed herself during the course of events when undercover in Hei tribe.


In a way, Blazing Heaven Demoness could be considered the killer of Hei Lou Lan’s mother.


Hei Lou Lan continued: “Next, I will return to Hei tribe by infiltrating it. I will find Hei Fan’s inheritance, and obtain it afterwards.”


“No!” Blazing Heaven Demoness and Fairy Li Shan shouted in disagreement.


Hei Lou Lan’s words made them severely shocked.


Back then, Su Xian Er died because of this. Hei Lou Lan wanted to walk on Su Xian Er’s former path, how could her two aunts allow tragedy to strike again?


“Don’t worry, I have already planned this for a long time.”


Hei Lou Lan expected their reactions, she placed her arms behind her as she walked slowly, analyzing calmly: “Times are different now. The four elders of Hei tribe would not leave their base easily after this battle. With Hei Cheng’s death, Hei tribe’s reputation has sunken, in the following days, many super forces will collaborate and deal with Hei tribe. With Hei tribe’s current strength, they cannot hold onto so many resources anymore. This is a rare opportunity! I will get into Hei tribe and obtain the highest authority, it is time this super force had a new owner!”


Hei Lou Lan had great ambition, even Fang Yuan was shocked at her goals.


Old Ancestor Xue Hu only wanted to steal some resources, he even hid himself during the process, fearful of Hei tribe’s revenge. But Hei Lou Lan actually wanted to take over all of Hei tribe.


“It is too dangerous!” Fairy Li Shan shook her head.


“I will not allow it.” Blazing Heaven Demoness spoke plainly, but she showed off a stance that did not allow rebuking.


Hei Lou Lan looked at her aunts fearlessly, she smiled: “I know that you are concerned about me, but I’m afraid you have the wrong idea. This is my decision, I am not discussing it with you. You can refuse to cooperate with me, but you cannot interfere with my choice.”


Fairy Li Shan and Blazing Heaven Demoness looked at each other speechlessly.


Hei Lou Lan knew that it was hard to accomplish this goal herself, but if she had the help of both her aunts, along with Fang Yuan’s strength, it would be of huge help to her, the danger would be lower, and she would have a higher chance of succeeding.


“Fine, I will give you some assurance.” Hei Lou Lan said, taking out a mask.


This mask was emanating with the aura of an Immortal Gu.


“Attitude Gu?” At once, Fairy Li Shan stared with wide opened eyes.


Fang Yuan’s gaze was fixed onto this mask.


Attitude Gu was a legendary Immortal Gu, it was recorded in <<The Legends of Ren Zu>>, and also one of the Immortal Gu that Fang Yuan was searching for.


That was because attitude Gu was the core Immortal Gu of familiar face.


Fang Yuan had the modified immortal killer move vaguely familiar face, if he fused attitude Gu into it, his disguise would surely be at a higher level.


Blazing Heaven Demoness had a puzzled look: “This Gu was once in Hei Fan’s hands, Hei Fan doted on his granddaughter, Hei Feng Yue, and gave attitude Gu to her. Hei Feng Yue was a spoiled brat, as a mortal, she brought the Immortal Gu to roam the icy plain. In the end, she was targeted by a mysterious Gu Immortal and vanished. Attitude Gu also disappeared as a result, and never showed up again.”


Hei Lou Lan’s lips curled up, she toyed around with attitude Gu: “That’s right, I obtained this attitude Gu from the icy plain.”


Fairy Li Shan was curious: “Little Lan, when did you go to the icy plain? Wait, unless…”


“That’s right, I purposely went to the northern icy plain for my immortal ascension because I had clues of attitude Gu’s whereabouts. That was the only way I could subdue attitude Gu, by borrowing the heavenly might of the tribulation. Haha, I will not talk about the specific details.” Hei Lou Lan explained.


Fairy Li Shan was surprised.


She assessed Hei Lou Lan again, feeling complex emotions, she was both happy and dejected.


Nobody found out that Hei Lou Lan had obtained attitude Gu, and she did not tell anyone either. Even Fairy Li Shan was kept in the dark.


“This child has grown up after all.” Blazing Heaven Demoness sighed internally.


Hei Lou Lan wore the mask, saying plainly: “From now onwards, I am Fairy Black Moon.”


Blazing Heaven Demoness clapped and smiled: “Excellent! With attitude Gu as well as the genuine Hei tribe bloodline, this matter might very well succeed!”


Fang Yuan was shocked.


“Hei Lou Lan is Fairy Black Moon?!”




