Chapter 95: Garbage Teammate


Hua Xin’s body was like a ragdoll, broken at the waist. Her upper body was twisted at an odd angle, her arms parallel to the ground while her legs were pointing towards the sky.


In the distance, Fang Yuan also started to descend.


He hit the tree canopy and broke through the branches before landing on the snowy ground.


He turned his body nimbly and stood up on the snowy ground. Because he had utilized his Jade Skin Gu during the fall, he was unscathed save for some pain in his back.


From the battlefield, after a momentary silence, Jiao San’s angry howl could be heard. “Fang Yuan, didn’t you say you could hold on?!”


Fang Yuan sneered in the darkness, but suddenly his body twisted and he almost fell down. He held on to a nearby tree trunk to keep his balance.


He pretended to limp as if he could not walk, but his eyes scanned the surroundings to see if there were any other Gu Masters nearby.


Although everyone was occupied with the beast tide, and Fang Yuan had been secretly observing everything during the battle to make sure, he still put on a show in case there were any witnesses.


From the clearing, sounds of intense battle broke out once again.


Evidently, the wild boar king had broken free and was fighting once again with the Red Lava Python.


Fang Yuan limped slowly towards them while wearing a mask of anxiety, almost falling to the ground a few times. Dirt, soil, grass, and snow covered his body, making him appear battered and exhausted.


He finally got back to the fringe of the battlefield.


Three people and an elephant-sized boar were fighting.


The Red Lava Python coiled around the body of the wild boar king and both its hind legs.


It could only move its front legs, thrashing and rolling around randomly as it struggled.


There were even more injuries on its body now, and boiling pig’s blood had dyed the ground red.


Kong Jing, who was at the fringe of the battle, saw Fang Yuan first. “Fang Yuan, you scum, you caused Hua Xin to die!”


“I…I didn’t mean it. But I really couldn’t hold it anymore,” Fang Yuan shouted.


“Fuck, then why were you so confident if you couldn’t? Speak truthfully, giving false promises like that will kill us all!” Kong Jing screamed furiously. If he had not been in combat at the moment, he would have gone up and slapped Fang Yuan.


“S-Sorry, I won’t do it again,” Fang Yuan quickly yelled back.


“Fang Yuan, we’ll talk about this later!” Jiao San roared, feeling the pressure on him intensify. The wild boar king had flown into madness as death approached, and the Red Lava Python had injuries and cracks all over its body.


“Kong Jing, don’t bother with Fang Yuan. Quickly take out the bladed net!” When Jiao San saw that the Red Lava Python was covered in cracks, he shouted in panic as he broke out in a cold sweat.


“Yes!” Kong Jing quickly took out his Large Belly Frog and used his primeval essence, making it vomit out a steel net.


It was covered in sharp spikes and blades.


“Fang Yuan, grab the other end and rush up with me, we’ll entangle the wild boar king,” Kong Jing said.


“But my leg is injured, I cannot walk!” Fang Yuan said anxiously as he continued limping.


“You useless—!” Kong Jing had no other choice but to do it himself, dragging the net behind him and throwing it at the wild boar king.


The wild boar king was covered by the net, crying out as the spikes and blades drew fresh blood.


It knew that it would die soon, and began struggling even more fiercely. The net tightened around it, and its injuries worsened.


As for the Red Lava Python, it did not take much damage from the net due to its rocky body.


“What a waste of this pelt!” Jiao San said in pity.


“Finally settled.” Kong Jing breathed out in relief.


At that moment, Fang Yuan shouted, “Let me help you guys!”


Swoosh swoosh swoosh.


Several moonblades flew out and hit the bladed net, severing the steel threads. As the boar king struggled, the hole grew even bigger and the net was torn to pieces, allowing it to escape.


Kong Jing’s eyes bulged as he stared, lost for words.


“What…what the fuck…” the remaining female Gu Master swore loudly, forgetting her feminine image.


“I…it seems I messed up. I wanted to help!” Fang Yuan said, full of sincerity and innocence.


Jiao San dodged the wild boar king’s charge, rolling to the side. Before he even got up, he shouted, “Fang Yuan! You dumb piece of shit, see what you did! You’re a fucking garbage teammate!!!”


“Captain, you must trust me, I didn’t mean it,” Fang Yuan defended himself.


“Shut the fuck up! From now on, do nothing and wait over there!” Jiao San shouted, rolling again and dodging the wild boar king’s hooves.


Fang Yuan snickered in his heart, but still backed off obediently.


“All of you, get back!” Jiao San shouted, finally showing his true trump card. Two strands of poisonous yellow gas came out from his nostrils.


More and more spilled out, gathering together into a massive cloud of poison.


The silhouettes of Jiao San and the wild boar king could be faintly seen from outside the cloud.


Kong Jing, Fang Yuan, and the others observed from a distance.


Fang Yuan said to the remaining female Gu Master, “Heal my leg, it’s injured!”


The female Gu Master flew into a rage. “My good sister is dead, and your leg is only sprained! Why don’t you go and die?!”


Fang Yuan, aggrieved, said, “I didn’t want this to happen either.”


But a sharp light flashed in his eyes.


Should I act, and eliminate these people?


This is a good chance. They would never expect me to hold killing intent.


If the Sickly Snake’s group is exterminated, there would be fewer restrictions on me.


But…


If any Gu Master saw me do it, I would fall into the abyss. The crime of killing a clansman is the most unforgivable in this world. Not only would I be executed, I would be tortured beforehand for seven days and seven nights.


I do not fear death, but it’s not worth the risk. If I am to kill them, I must use the beast tide to keep my hands clean.


A pity the wild boar king is dying. After this battle, the Sickly Snake group will be greatly weakened and their battle strength will be at its lowest. They will definitely retreat. What a pity, this was a godsent opportunity…


He had done as much as he could. If he did any more, the others would definitely start to suspect intentional sabotage. It would be even more risky if another Gu Master witnessed it.


Five minutes later, the wild boar king fell at last.


The yellow cloud dissipated, and Jiao San’s face was pale as he breathed heavily. He had used his final trump card and had very little primeval essence left.


“All of you, come here and quickly dissect the corpse, we will retreat after taking the spoils of the battle!” Jiao San shouted.


They all surrounded the wild boar king and quickly set to work.


The wild boar king’s blood was still hot, and the smell of it was thick. In the dark forest around him, the howls of wild beasts and the sounds of battle echoed.


But none of them dared to approach this small clearing.


This was the authority of a beast king.


There were rules among wild beasts.


The thick aura of the wild boar king caused other creatures to shrink in fear. Even if they passed nearby, they would instinctively avoid this place. Of course, a big enough horde of beasts or another beast king would not be affected by the lingering aura.


At that moment, dozens of glowing blue eyes appeared in the surrounding darkness.


Blood-curdling screeches and cries of alarm from other Gu Masters spread through the forest.


“It’s the wolves, the wolf pack!”


“The lightning wolf pack actually appeared!”


“Damn it, why is there a wolf pack here?! It is still not the time for the wolf tide, right?!”


“Retreat, forget the wild boar king, we have to retreat quickly!” Jiao San shouted. Everyone’s faces had gone pale.


One lightning wolf was not scary. But if it was a pack of lightning wolves, even the wild boar king would have to run.


Most importantly, lightning wolves were fast and tough, making them proficient at chasing down prey.


At such a critical moment, Jiao San could no longer care about anyone else. He abandoned the other three and ran for his life.


“Captain, wait for me,” Kong Jing shouted in panic, sprinting after him.


I do not have a Gu worm that enhances my speed, I can’t escape. Jiao San and the others have no primeval essence left, so even if they have movement Gu, they can’t escape the pursuit of the lightning wolves! Even in mortal danger, Fang Yuan remained calm and analyzed the situation.


He quickly struck the neck of the female Gu Master who was standing nearby in a daze, causing her to faint.


Next, he dragged her to the cut-open stomach of the wild boar king.


Fang Yuan squeezed his way into the bloody stomach, using the female Gu Master’s body to seal the entrance and protect his own body.


The wolf pack quickly descended, most chasing after Jiao San and Kong Jing, while a portion of them surrounded the wild boar king and feasted.


He could feel the vibrations of the wolves biting the boar’s body and hear them chewing and swallowing the meat.


To think that this early beast tide would have lightning wolves, this is unexpected. The clan will definitely send reinforcements. The wild boar king’s body is huge, so it will take them some time to finish eating it. As long as I can hold out, I will be saved.


Fang Yuan pondered deeply.


If nothing unexpected happened, Jiao San and Kong Jing would be dead meat. They had little primeval essence and no movement Gu, and the wolves were too close by the time they ran. They would definitely be slaughtered.


When people panicked, they made dumb decisions. Under the pressure of death, there were few who could remain as calm as Fang Yuan and take the most appropriate course of action.


Even if the wolves finished eating the boar’s flesh before help arrived, and he was exposed, he would not have to deal with as many as Jiao San and Kong Jing would. By his estimate, there would be at most five wolves left, which would be at the limit of what he could handle. He had a much greater chance of surviving.


The lightning wolves continued to chew and bite, the sounds growing louder. The wild boar king’s flesh had been mostly devoured.


If a normal person was in such a predicament, they would feel as if each second was an eternity. But Fang Yuan closed his eyes and took out his primeval stones, fighting against time to recover his primeval essence.


