Chapter 950: Unexpected Compensation


Xu Hao and Li Jun Ying were very perceptive.


Zhao Lian Yun’s information was very important.


Xu Hao and Li Jun Ying immediately thought of Feng Jiu Ge rather than the Thieving Heaven inheritance!


Combined with the information from the Central Continent Gu Immortals who returned, they were almost certain: The reason why Feng Jiu Ge disappeared was because he was trapped inside the Thieving Heaven inheritance.


“The Thieving Heaven inheritance must have been used by the enemy to trap Feng Jiu Ge.” Xu Hao was a wisdom path Gu Immortal, he said this after deducing.


“Then what should we do now?” Li Jun Ying’s words made them sink into silence.


Zhao Lian Yun looked around left to right and back, she did not speak.


The reason why said she mentioned this was because she wanted to return to Northern Plains, using Spirit Affinity House’s power to save Ma Hong Yun.


But she did not know about the internal conflicts within Spirit Affinity House.


Xu Hao and Li Jun Ying looked at each other, they interacted with their gazes.


Both of their gazes gradually turned cold, they had chemistry and a close rapport built over the years, they quickly came to an agreement.




They decided to suppress this information and temporarily not report it.


They wanted Feng Jiu Ge to die.


If they reported it, Spirit Affinity House would definitely send people to save him, if Feng Jiu Ge was still alive, what would happen once he was saved?


After dragging it out for three days, both immortals reached the time limit and reported this information.


As expected, the higher ups in Spirit Affinity House were alarmed, they organized a group to save him. As for the otherworldly demon Zhao Lian Yun, she became the key person in this rescue mission, she was brought to Northern Plains.


Several days later.


Northern Plains Zombie Alliance, Dark Flow Giant City.


Boom!


A loud sound was heard as intense explosions occurred, the entirety of Giant City trembled.


“What is going on?”




“What is going on? Is someone attacking Dark Flow Giant City?”


In Dark Flow Giant City, people had fallen to the ground, shocked cries were heard.


Dark Flow Giant City was enormous, it had a total of seven layers. The lower five layers were the residences of mortal Gu Masters and were very bustling and clamorous. One layer above was where people with some connection to immortal zombies resided. The highest layer was reserved for immortals only.


At this moment, at the highest layer of Dark Flow Giant City, a thick smoke rose into the sky.


“Cough cough.” Fang Yuan was covered in soot as he came out of the secret room, he was coughing non-stop.


He failed again when refining star thought Immortal Gu.


Ever since they made the new alliance agreement, Fang Yuan did not return to his blessed land, he came to Dark Flow Giant City and used Northern Plains Zombie Alliance’s refinement path Gu formation.


He was not a refinement path Gu Immortal, he could not set up a refinement path Gu formation of such a level himself.


Fang Yuan tried to refine star thought Immortal Gu again.


Blazing Heaven Demoness had funded him a huge amount of immortal materials for Gu refinement in accordance with the agreement.


This time, the immortal materials were not tampered with at all.


Fang Yuan had an easy time during the refinement, but during the final few steps, the Gu refinement failed, and an intense explosion occurred.


Not only was the entire refinement path Gu formation blown to bits, the explosion also destroyed the secret room, alerting all of the Gu Immortals in Dark Flow Giant City, even the mortals in the lower layers felt it.


“At the final few steps, the dao marks will undergo a unique change that cannot be controlled. The interaction of dao marks would only stabilize under one condition, that is the successful refinement of star thought Immortal Gu. This step is purely dependent on luck.” Fang Yuan sighed internally.


Man is the spirit of all beings, Gu are the essence of heaven and earth.


All living beings, including humans, could not directly manipulate dao marks. Be it Gu Masters, desolate beasts, desolate plants, even if they had dao marks in them, they could only make use of them through Gu worms.


Thus, when Gu Immortals refine Gu, they could not directly manipulate the dao marks, they could not control intense changes in the dao marks.


To make a rather crude comparison.


Refining a rank six Immortal Gu was like playing golf.


The Gu Immortal’s preparations are all to ensure that the golf ball moves according to the path that they had planned.


But the long path that the ball needs to travel on is filled with over a hundred holes.


Only when the golf ball falls into the correct hole at the end of the path would the Gu refinement succeed.


Gu Immortals could only ensure that the golf ball would move according to their wishes during the first half of the route, by the second half, the ground would be uneven and filled with pits, the Gu Immortals would not be able to control how the ball moved anymore.


Thus, whether the ball could enter the proper hole depended on luck.


“Even though Blazing Heaven Demoness no longer tampered with the immortal materials, her funding is not without cost, I need to pay her back eventually. Refining Immortal Gu is simply too hard, the success rate is too low. Maybe I can seek help from Lang Ya land spirit, he should have a strong refinement path Immortal Gu, or a special refinement method to increase the rate of successfully refining Immortal Gu.”


In history, Long Hair Ancestor was known as the ‘number one refinement path immortal of all times’, the number of Immortal Gu that he had refined in his life shocked countless people.


Even though Long Hair Ancestor had died, his land spirit was alive, and Lang Ya blessed land was still intact.


Fang Yuan’s Gu refinement had failed again, he even suffered injuries.


He decided to seek help from Lang Ya land spirit and try to increase his chances, even if he had to pay a huge price!


“I’d suggest you to first try refining the strength path Immortal Gu.” At this time, Fairy Li Shan came over and gave Fang Yuan a suggestion.


Fairy Li Shan could no longer stay in Snowy Mountain blessed land. Ever since they killed Hei Cheng, Fairy Li Shan had been staying inside Dark Flow Giant City.


Her relationship with Blazing Heaven Demoness was exposed, everyone knew about it.


Earlier, Blazing Heaven Demoness had led a band of immortal zombies to assault the Snowy Mountain blessed land demonic path Gu Immortals, with high rates of success.


In actual fact, it was because Fairy Li Shan was the traitor exposing intelligence to Blazing Heaven Demoness.


Fairy Li Shan was an information path quasi-great grandmaster, even though she had was restricted by the alliance agreement of the forces of Snowy Mountain blessed land, she could skirt around the restrictions and aid Blazing Heaven Demoness while only suffering mild injuries from violating it.


How could Old Ancestor Xue Hu keep such a traitor?


After meeting with Blazing Heaven Demoness, he publicly announced the expulsion of Fairy Li Shan, and declared her to be an enemy of Snowy Mountain blessed land.


Fairy Li Shan had offended the biggest demonic path force in Northern Plains, but she was welcomed by Zombie Alliance. Her relationship with Blazing Heaven Demoness made her one of them. Furthermore, she was the key person in forcing Old Ancestor Xue Hu to give in just now, in Dark Flow Giant City, Fairy Li Shan was very well respected by the immortal zombies.


Fang Yuan heard Fairy Li Shan’s words and frowned: “Please explain.”


Fairy Li Shan sighed: “There is a change in the situation, my sister’s funding for your refinement of star thought Immortal Gu might have to be delayed.”


“Why is that the case?” Fang Yuan could not understand, they had just set the agreement, was Blazing Heaven Demoness going to break the agreement so quickly?


That did not make sense.


Because funding Fang Yuan’s refinement of star thought Immortal Gu was Blazing Heaven Demoness’ idea.


Fairy Li Shan explained the reason and Fang Yuan soon understood why.


The reason was that the cooperation between Blazing Heaven Demoness and Old Ancestor Xue Hu had a huge impact on Northern Plains after Snowy Mountain and Zombie Alliance went into a ceasefire.


The conflict between both forces received much attention, some of the other regions even looked into the matter.


But Blazing Heaven Demoness and Old Ancestor Xue Hu knew their limits, they cooperated and settled this conflict rapidly and peacefully.


The righteous path forces in Northern Plains were excitedly watching this as they wanted to see a conflict between them.


Suddenly, there was a turn of events.


As the conflict ended, Zombie Alliance’s headquarters sent out a mandatory mission in addition to the contribution points.


All the members of Northern Plains Zombie Alliance had to work together, using all their resources to refine a giant Gu formation.


This Gu formation’s sole use was to protect the immortal zombie graveyard.


If a situation like Old Ancestor Xue Hu stealing bodies happened again, the Gu formation would activate and defend the place. If it could not defend the place, the power of the Gu formation would teleport these immortal zombie bodies out of Northern Plains.


“Right now, Zombie Alliance is putting in a huge sum! Not just the Northern Plains Zombie Alliance branch, but the other three branches and even the headquarters are building this giant Immortal Gu formation together. Just here alone, we are using thirteen Immortal Gu, and countless supplementary mortal Gu.”


“Most of the Immortal Gu are sent here from the headquarters, but we also have to refine a number of them. Thus, Dark Flow Giant City is recalling all the immortal zombies back to refine Gu. There will definitely be insufficient storage in Dark Flow Giant City, the immortal zombies will have to use their personal resources.” Fairy Li Shan explained in detail.


Of course, the immortal zombies would be compensated for contributing their personal resources.


The Zombie Alliance headquarters was giving out huge amounts of contribution points, much higher than ordinary times, to compensate the members.


This was among the biggest actions taken by Zombie Alliance in the last thousand years.


An immense amount of contribution points made the immortal zombie members feel enthusiastic about refining Gu. As long as they participated and expended immortal materials, regardless of whether they failed or succeeded, they would be able to obtain a huge sum of contribution points, this was a benefit rarely seen in a thousand years!


Furthermore, after setting up this Gu formation, the Zombie Alliance graveyard would be safe without any future worries.


The immortal zombies in Zombie Alliance were also delighted to see the creation of this giant Immortal Gu formation.


The immortal zombies from Eastern Sea were temporarily unable to return to Eastern Sea, they stayed and refined Immortal Gu, and a huge number of supplementary mortal Gu.


Blazing Heaven Demoness was in the same place, she could no longer fund Fang Yuan.


Fang Yuan’s plan to refine star thought Immortal Gu was obstructed, he could not even continue using the Gu refinement secret room.


He had already rescinded the Zombie Alliance agreement that had been placed on him.


Blazing Heaven Demoness, who was the branch leader, had the authority to do this.


In Dark Flow Giant City, Fang Yuan and Fairy Li Shan were both outsiders. Except that Fairy Li Shan was much more popular and well regarded than Fang Yuan.


Fang Yuan frowned as he thought: “In the five hundred years of my previous life, Zombie Alliance had this plan too, and they even succeeded. But the reason was not because Old Ancestor Xue Hu stole immortal zombies from the graveyard. It seems that the course of history will not alter easily, in this life, Zombie Alliance is building this giant Immortal Gu formation again.”


Fang Yuan could not stop them, of course.


Zombie Alliance was a huge force, Blazing Heaven Demoness, who was just the leader of a branch, was already able to suppress him firmly.


If not for Fang Yuan’s immense value which interested Blazing Heaven Demoness, choosing to cooperate with him, Fang Yuan might have been dead already.


But no matter how strong Blazing Heaven Demoness was, Fang Yuan would not let go of the compensation that he was entitled to.


“Blazing Heaven Demoness’ action is going against our alliance agreement, right?” Fang Yuan asked as he looked at Fairy Li Shan.


Fairy Li Shan smiled bitterly.


This was indeed Blazing Heaven Demoness violating the agreement.


According to their alliance agreement, Blazing Heaven Demoness had to give Fang Yuan quite a sum of compensation.


Unless Fang Yuan was willing to forgo the compensation claim, Blazing Heaven Demoness would have to pay him, otherwise the backlash of the agreement would heavily injure her.


Blazing Heaven Demoness was feeling regret towards this as well.


If she had known this, why would she fund Fang Yuan? Wasn’t a different condition better? Even if she wanted to fund him, she could do so in a different way that did not break the agreement.


The plan of Zombie Alliance caught Blazing Heaven Demoness off guard, since Fang Yuan refused to let go, she could only compensate him.




