Chapter 959: Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage


The battle between the two shook the scenery in the image, boulders shattered and the river roared.


Even if the change in the phantom image did not affect reality, it was an extremely moving scene.


The battle gradually heated to the climax, the burly rank eight Gu Immortal held the upper hand, he raised his head and laughed wildly: “I have rank eight cultivation and also possess the Great Strength True Martial Physique, a mere rank seven dreams of challenging me?!”


That mysterious Gu Immortal with a red lotus mark on his forehead chuckled and said with a plain voice: “Martial Duel Heavenly King, your defeat is certain. Take this move!”


Right after he finished speaking, the rank seven Gu Immortal flung his right hand and a high platform flew out.


The next moment, the contempt on the face of the rank eight Gu Immortal, Martial Duel Heavenly King, was completely gone, replaced by shock: “This is an Immortal Gu House! What Immortal Gu House is this?”


The rank seven Gu Immortal proudly smiled: “Let me teach you, this is my original creation — Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage!”


“Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage?” Bai Ning Bing frowned, as far as he knew, the present Southern Border Gu Immortal world did not have any such Immortal Gu House.


Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage’s might was extremely mysterious.


No matter what kind of attacks Martial Duel Heavenly King sent, they were all absorbed and sealed.


That was not all.




After the attacks were sealed, they could still be used by the rank seven Gu Immortal to strike back!


Martial Duel Heavenly King’s attacks were mighty, but in the end, he had to bear most of his attacks himself.


The images transformed continuously, and the battle situation kept on getting more heated.


Finally, with the help of Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage, the mysterious rank seven Gu Immortal won against Martial Duel Heavenly King, accomplishing an extraordinary feat of rank seven defeating rank eight!


However, the rank seven Gu Immortal also had to pay a heavy price.


As a final stand, Martial Duel Heavenly King did not hesitate to turn into a rank eight immortal zombie, almost possessing an unkillable body. The mysterious rank seven Gu Immortal was not able to take his life, and could only let go of this Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage, using it to suppress Martial Duel Heavenly King deep under the earth.


To win against Martial Duel Heavenly King, the unknown rank seven Gu Immortal had to give up an Immortal Gu House.


After the battle was over, he sighed as he gazed down, at his Immortal Gu House that was under the earth, before flying away.


There were no more images of the Gu Immortals, but the phantom image still kept on transforming.


The battlefield where the Gu Immortals fought returned to tranquility. With good weather, grass and trees started to grow. Then there were lightning strikes and flood. Meteors crashed down and inferno raged. The plain terrain gradually began to rise, growing slowly. At first, it was a mound, then it continued to increase until it became a mountain.




There were occasionally scenes of humans moving in the mountain, the movements were extremely quick, whether it was natural phenomenon or the movements of humans and beasts, they were shown like a sped-up video.


This mountain also began to change rapidly, it occasionally had landslides and occasionally changed in shape. Finally, in the phantom image, this mountain gradually turned into the appearance of the nameless mountain.


When the phantom image had completely disappeared, the world regained its original appearance.


Bai Ning Bing’s eyes shone strangely, he understood that the Immortal Gu Old Man Yan Shi gave him was a time path investigative Immortal Gu!


It drilled into the crevices of time and transported the scene of the ‘past’ at a certain segment of the river of time towards the ‘present’.


The scene of a huge battle between the two Gu Immortals was now this ordinary and inconspicuous mountain.


“This means there is an Immortal Gu House buried here!” Bai Ning Bing fixed his gaze under the mountain, his heart thumping in excitement.


He naturally knew the value of an Immortal Gu House.


Only forces with Gu Immortals could be considered super forces. But even among these super forces, only the powerful ones could possess one or more Immortal Gu Houses!


“If I can get hold of this Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage, it will definitely be a huge help to me and I can more easily deal with Shadow Sect and leave! But this is bad, the Immortal Gu’s aura has leaked everywhere, the disturbance when I activated the Immortal Gu was also not small, it will definitely attract other Gu Immortals. Time does not wait for anyone, I must hurry up!”


Bai Ning Bing had just thought of flying down, piercing deep into the earth and taking the Immortal Gu House, when he hesitated.


He thought of Old Man Yan Shi.


If he went down, would it be messing up Old Man Yan Shi’s plan?


Maybe Old Man Yan Shi already calculated his reaction and wanted him to go deep into the earth, explore the depths of the earth and take Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage.


“If it is like this, he must have something up his sleeve… the mantis stalks a cicada, unaware of the oriole behind, if I blindly move, all my efforts will be in vain and I will be used by others!”


Bai Ning Bing’s gaze was deep, he decided to first probe the surrounding environment before deciding to move.


However, what he had not expected was when he had just approached the nameless mountain by some distance, he felt an intense weakness, his Gu Immortal aura started to quickly weaken, he could not even exert his thoughts.


Bai Ning Bing retreated in shock, he recalled Old Man Yan Shi’s words.


“Go to the top of that mountain and activate this Gu. Once you succeed, leave quickly. This mountain will become a forbidden zone for immortals, any Gu Immortals that enter this area will be met with fatal killing intent.”


Bai Ning Bing thought with a frown, could this be the forbidden zone for immortals?


If this had truly become a forbidden zone, then how could he seize Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage?


At this moment, the phantom image on the mountain peak changed again, turning into the previous scenes.


Bai Ning Bing patiently observed, and could not help having a thought: could it be that there was a clue to take the Immortal Gu House hidden in the transformations of these phantom images?


However, after the phantom image finished showing the scenes, it disappeared again, Bai Ning Bing was not able to find out any clues.


He then discovered: the phantom image would reappear once in a while.


Every time the phantom image played, it would show the same contents with no difference.


He also discovered: the forbidden zone was expanding.


At first, he could still approach within three li of the nameless mountain. Now, however, he was ten li away from the mountain peak, but still felt exhausted and weak. He had a sense of warning deep within telling him that were he to forcefully charge in, he would definitely die.


Looking at the huge fortune moving farther and farther away from him, Bai Ning Bing was naturally uneasy.


He had stayed here for three days, trying to hide this constantly appearing phantom image.


He had already erased the Immortal Gu aura, but he was not able to hide these images.


Although Old Man Yan Shi helped him ascend to immortal, he did not give him any Immortal Gu.


This phenomenon in front of him was created by a time path investigative Immortal Gu, Bai Ning Bing naturally could not cover it using mortal Gu.


Of course, if he used superior mortal killer moves, there was a possibility of covering the images temporarily. But his foundation was shallow, and he did not have such methods.


“If Fang Yuan was here, what would he do?” In the worrisome moment, Bai Ning Bing recalled Fang Yuan’s image.


Despite him no longer being concerned with Fang Yuan, he could not deny that Fang Yuan’s ruthlessness and craftiness had made a deep impression and subconsciously influenced him.


He thought and thought, before he stopped in terror.


He suddenly realized: this Immortal Gu was given by Old Man Yan Shi, this should be a plan of Shadow Sect.


What was Shadow Sect trying to do?


They did not try to seize Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage secretly and silently earn a fortune, instead they were proclaiming this as if they wanted the whole world to know…


“Involving an ancient battle and the Immortal Gu House Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage, probably the whole of Southern Border will be in an uproar. Be it righteous path Gu Immortals or demonic path or lone immortals, they will all go crazy for it. None of them would yield a step for the Immortal Gu House, this will definitely cause great turbulence and incite bloodshed. Is Shadow Sect’s objective to bring a calamity to Southern Border? But how would this benefit them?”


Bai Ning Bing fiercely slapped his forehead, as his anxious expression vanished, clarity returned to his gaze.


“What was I doing these last days?! I actually let myself be blinded by greed. This is not something I can obtain, this nameless mountain will soon become the center of a storm in Southern Border, luring almost all the Gu Immortals of Southern Border. I am only a rank six Gu Immortal with limited methods. I can’t stay here for long, I better leave early. Right, I should return and try to probe Old Man Yan Shi on what he is thinking of doing. Does he want to use this to lure Fang Yuan?”


Bai Ning Bing hurriedly returned, but Old Man Yan Shi was no longer in the stone pavilion.


He hurried to Shadow Sect’s blessed land, but he was unable to summon the blessed land’s entrance to appear, he also could not contact them using information path mortal Gu, it was almost like the entirety of Shadow Sect, including Old Man Yan Shi, had completely disappeared in an instant.


The wave of doubts in Bai Ning Bing’s mind intensified, there was a sensation of being discarded, he vaguely felt that the last series of events was anything but a reassuring omen.


Central Continent, Falling Heavenly River.


Right now, the bottom of the riverbed of the source of Falling Heavenly River was filled with light.


Countless Gu Immortals of Central Continent fixed their gazes at the riverbed’s only light source, their hearts filled with fervent desire.


An immortal zombie with eyes closed was floating in this light. His appearance was just like before when he was alive, seemingly filled with vitality. Sharp brows, high nose, jade green hair, upright back, it was Bo Qing!


“Who could have thought Bo Qing would have turned into an immortal zombie.”


“Back then, the fairy of Spirit Affinity House at that time, Mo Yao, had also faced the tribulation with him. But there is only Bo Qing here, it seems Mo Yao had completely died.”


“According to the sect records, that heavenly tribulation had such terrifying might that it shook the whole of Central Continent. It really is inconceivable that Bo Qing could preserve his life, how strong was he actually?”


The immortals discussed with each other.


“The corpse has been maintained for so long, who knows how many secrets it contains. As long as we can obtain it, we can decipher the profound mysteries of Bo Qing’s cultivation back then. Even if there is no sword path true inheritance, just this research alone would be an enormous gain. Maybe it can even add to a true inheritance in the sect?”


Most of these thoughts were from the Gu Immortals of the ten great ancient sects. They were looking at long term prospects, considering for the situation of their sect.


While the lone immortals and demonic cultivators like Jian Yi Sheng were paying attention to the Immortal Gu carried by the immortal zombie Bo Qing.


“There are still auras of so many Immortal Gu on his body. This is really unimaginable for them to exist until now! These are all sword path Immortal Gu of the pseudo-Immortal Venerable, I will be satisfied with even just one!”


Central Continent’s righteous path was very prosperous, and the demonic cultivators were fiercely suppressed, to the extent that their situation was the most miserable among the demonic cultivators in the entirety of the five regions.


These demonic cultivators and lone cultivators did not dare to have any idea of taking Bo Qing’s immortal zombie body, and only wanted to make a profit and run away quickly.


In fact, before this, in the process of entering Falling Heavenly River, almost all the immortals had made some gains.


The remains of beasts and plants cut down by the sword lights were not few. As long as one looked for them carefully, they could find them.


However, Bo Qing’s assets was truly too attractive.


Humans die for wealth and birds die for food. Since they personally witnessing it, who would want to leave now?




