Chapter 96: For the Sake of the Dead


The primeval essence that Fang Yuan recovered while in the boar’s stomach ultimately went unused.


The clan’s higher-ups had been keeping a close eye on the beast tide, and the pack of lightning wolves that slipped through was just a small accident. They quickly mustered a response.


Three clan elders led their respective teams and swiftly took control of the situation.


A mere ten minutes later, Fang Yuan could hear the sound of fighting from outside the boar’s stomach, as well as the cries of the lightning wolves.


He quickly kicked the female Gu Master away and crawled out, covered in blood.


Fang Yuan was naturally not afraid of the lightning wolves, but he was afraid of getting caught up in an accident. If a Gu Master accidentally attacked the corpse, wouldn’t it be too unlucky? Who could he hold responsible?


Seeing a living person crawl out of the boar king’s stomach, a few of the Gu Masters that had engaged with the lightning wolves were taken aback.


Fang Yuan’s entire body was drenched in blood, and his leg was still entangled in the wild boar king’s intestines. He stank of entrails, and the Gu Masters frowned in response.


But Fang Yuan paid them no heed. He breathed deeply in joy, stretching his limbs and observing the battlefield.


As he had predicted, there were five lightning wolves. But they were either old or injured, at the bottom of the pack’s hierarchy. As the wolf pack grew larger and stronger, the wolf king would expel all these old and sickly wolves in order to protect the young and healthy ones and allocate resources efficiently.


These rejected wolves formed their own pack and attacked other beast groups, causing a chain reaction and eventually creating this small beast tide.


The five lightning wolves quickly began to fall before the Gu Masters’ attacks.


They had eaten too much, and their stomachs swollen with boar meat, affecting their battle strength. At the same time, the reinforcing Gu Masters had plenty of primeval essence and were at their peak, unlike Jiao San and the rest.


Primeval essence was especially important to Gu Masters. “A weakened phoenix is inferior to a chicken”. With less primeval essence, a Gu Master’s battle strength would fall rapidly, and without primeval essence, they were often inferior even to mortals.


Why were Gu like the Liquor Worm or Black and White Boar Gu so precious?


It all revolved around primeval essence.


The Liquor Worm could refine primeval essence and allow Gu Masters to effectively double their stores.


And the Black and White Boar Gu gave Gu Masters strength, strength that did not depend on primeval essence. And once a person had improved their strength as much as possible, these Gu could be given to another person to use. They were of great value in a group.


The battle lasted for a while before stopping.


The five lightning wolves fell one after the other, and the reinforcing Gu Masters did not venture further. Their primeval essence had nearly been used up, and their battle strength had been greatly reduced. To be safe, they stopped and recovered as they awaited further reinforcements.


The reconnaissance Gu Master kept watch while three of them used primeval stones to recover their primeval essence. The healing Gu Master bent down and observed the female Gu Master’s corpse.


“She’s dead…” The healing Gu Master sighed deeply. From his expression, it seemed that he knew her.


Fang Yuan watched coldly.


He had knocked her unconscious and used her as a shield. The right side of her chest had been devoured, as well as a leg. One of her arms had also been gnawed to the bone.


But these injuries and the massive loss of blood was not the true cause of her death.


What caused her demise was cardiac arrest.


Lightning wolves shocked their prey with electricity through every bite. The currents flowed into her while she was unconscious, giving her a heart attack.


Her once beautiful body lay on the ground, still and unmoving. Her previous glamor was nowhere to be found; nothing remained but an ugly corpse.


“She’s dead, and it is all your fault! As a man, why did you hide behind a woman? You’re a disgrace to men!” The healing Gu Master glared at Fang Yuan.


Fang Yuan shrugged emotionlessly, his expression calm. “The truth is, she competed with me to hide in the boar’s stomach, but eventually I won, so I’m very glad about the results.”


“Scumbag!!” The healing Gu Master rushed up.


Bam.


Fang Yuan raised his foot and sent him flying.


Healing Gu Masters were normally weak in combat, and because of the clan rules, he did not dare to use his Gu worms. How could he be Fang Yuan’s match in physical strength?


“This bastard!” The healing Gu Master clambered to his feet and wanted to rush at him again, but the reconnaissance Gu Master stopped him.


“If you think I committed a crime, you can report me to the Punishment Hall. I’ll take it.” Fang Yuan glanced indifferently at the healing Gu Master before leaving.


“Damn! Damn it!” The healing Gu Master’s eyes seemed to spit fire as he glared at Fang Yuan’s back. He tried to rush at him again, but his teammates held him back.


“Calm the hell down!”


“Even if you report it to the Punishment Hall, the clan won’t punish him!”


“We know you liked her. Although the clan cannot punish him, we can spread the word…”


Under the urging of his teammates, the healing Gu Master calmed down and lowered his head, crying.


A ship sank, and a man grabbed onto a wooden plank and was temporarily saved. At that moment, another man swam up and wanted to grab the plank as well, but the plank could only hold the weight of one man. The first man pushed the second away so that he could be safe, causing the second man to drown in the sea. The first man was rescued and later tried in court, but declared not guilty. This is a thought experiment from Earth known as the Plank of Carneades.


The meaning of this is that if you endanger someone else’s life to save yourself, it is not a crime. On Earth, this concept in the law is known as “necessity”. In this world, there are similar clan rules. Even if the healing Gu Master reports it to the Punishment Hall, it won’t be treated as a crime. But…


Fang Yuan continued to walk as he pondered. He moved at a steady and unhurried pace.


The path back to the village had been cleared, and along the way, Fang Yuan saw many corpses. Most of them were wild beasts of all kinds, but a few were Gu Masters.


At the same time, small groups of reinforcements rushed to the front lines. When they saw Fang Yuan, drenched in blood as he was, they gave him curious and confused looks.


Fang Yuan paid no attention to them. His eyes were a dark abyss as he continued his train of thought.


But…if they found out that I knocked the female Gu Master unconscious, I would be tried for “harming a clansman”. But nobody should have seen it. Jiao San and Kong Jin were running for their lives away from the scene. Eh?


Fang Yuan’s footsteps came to a halt.


He saw the corpses of Kong Jing and Jiao San.


The former’s body had already been eaten until it was almost unrecognizable, while the latter’s corpse was relatively well preserved.


The Red Lava Python had already broken apart into a pile of rock, completely dead. Beside the Sickly Snake’s corpse lay the bodies of a few lightning wolves. Evidently, Jiao San had struggled until the bitter end.


Good, that means that other than me, everyone else is dead. Fang Yuan felt a bit of joy.


This means I will have fewer restrictions around me…eh? Fang Yuan saw Jiao San’s finger twitch softly.


Not dead? How stubborn… Fang Yuan sneered, killing intent rising again.


At this point, there were dozens of healing Gu Masters approaching.


“Quick, save the injured!”


“They are our clansmen, we have to save what we can!”


“If they are confirmed dead, retrieve their Gu worms.”


•••


Fang Yuan’s eyes narrowed.


What to do?


They were so close, he would have to take a huge risk to kill Jiao San. Whether he strangled him or used a moonblade, there would be traces.


In front of these Gu Masters, he had no time to clean up the scene.


So…let him live?


Even if Jiao San was treated now, he might not survive.


NO!


If I can kill him here, I will have much less opposition. If I waste this opportunity, I will have a hard time finding another one.


Fang Yuan was struck with sudden inspiration.


He slowly kneeled beside Jiao San, pulling off his shirt and placing it over Jiao San’s face and upper body.


The boar king’s blood had soaked into his shirt, making it heavy and wet.


He covered Jiao San’s nose and mouth with it, preventing him from breathing.


Fang Yuan continued kneeling, silently watching, his expression solemn and pained.


A few moments later, a Gu Master came over. “Little Brother, I am from the Medicine Hall, let me take a look…”


“Scram!” Fang Yuan growled angrily, pushing him away.


The Gu Master fell to the ground, but he was not angry. “Little Brother, my condolences! I know how you feel right now, how it feels to see the clansmen that you have lived with die in front of you. But you are covered in blood now, you must be heavily injured. For the sake of your fallen brethren, you have to live properly. Come, let me heal you.”


Fang Yuan did not reply. He remained silent, his face shrouded in darkness. He allowed this Gu Master to check his body.


The result was rather surprising. Although Fang Yuan was bathed in blood and cut a horrifying figure, he actually had no injuries at all!


But the Gu Master quickly collected himself and turned to Jiao San.


“I’m very sorry, the clan needs to take back his Gu worms.” The Gu Master looked at Fang Yuan apologetically, then he slowly lifted the bloody shirt.


Jiao San’s eyes were half open, lifeless.


The Gu Master skillfully used his finger to open Jiao San’s eyelids to look at his pupils, then checked his pulse. But he felt nothing.


Dead.


Completely dead.


The Gu Master did not suspect anything. He sighed and placed his hand on Jiao San’s stomach.


It was still warm, and the aperture was slowly disappearing; there were no Gu worms inside.


The Gu Master glanced at Fang Yuan. “Every Gu Master’s Gu worms are recorded at the Internal Affairs Hall. When they die, their Gu will be left to their inheritors. Taking them for oneself is against the clan rules.”


Fang Yuan was fearless, staring right at the Gu Master. “Of course I know that. You suspect that I took the captain’s Gu worms?”


Taking these Gu worms involved risks and trouble. If his secrets were dragged out, he would suffer more losses than gains. Fang Yuan knew that even if he could refine Gu worms instantly using the Spring Autumn Cicada, it would be difficult to get rid of them within the clan. It was not worth the trouble.


And besides — with his current finances, even if he got them, he might not be able to feed them.


At Fang Yuan’s question, the Gu Master laughed. “I did not mean that! People cannot come back to life after dying, so please restrain your grief, Little Brother. For the sake of the deceased, you have to live even better!”


Fang Yuan gradually stood up.


Pain and sorrow clouding his face, he stared at the Sickly Snake’s corpse for a long time.


The night wind howled in his ears.


“You are right.” Eventually, Fang Yuan broke the silence. His gaze was determined, his words full of meaning. “For the sake of the dead, I have to live even better than before.”


