Chapter 961: Bo Qing Awakens


“Hahaha, I finally succeeded!”


Coming out of the underground cave, Fang Yuan’s face was filled with joy.


During this period, he had exerted all of his effort into deducing this immortal killer move, he had finally obtained some results today.


This new killer move used eat strength Immortal Gu, pulling mountain Immortal Gu and pulling water Immortal Gu as the cores, with three hundred and thirty thousand supplementary mortal Gu, he formed an extravagant combination that would stun another person.


To activate this killer move, Fang Yuan had to focus wholeheartedly for two hours, activating this set of Gu worms.


Then, going through three days and nights without rest, he could gradually transform his living body into an immortal zombie body, or transform his immortal zombie body into a living body.


Even though it was not as convenient as nirvana fire, Fang Yuan had reached his limits by getting such progress.


Fang Yuan was very satisfied with this result.


After all, Fang Yuan only had so many strength path Immortal Gu. He could use all of them here thanks to the light of wisdom.


Of course, it was because he had nirvana fire as the blueprint.


If he did not have nirvana fire, or the set of Gu worms to research that were lent by Blazing Heaven Demoness, Fang Yuan would not have been able to obtain a strength path version in such a short time.




Also, Fang Yuan had wisdom path grandmaster attainment level.


Because of all these reasons, a minor miracle was created.


“Next, I have to use those strength path immortal zombies and exert strength Gu to form my high grade life-and-death blessed land, to revive.” Fang Yuan sighed internally.


After searching for so long, he had finally reached this stage.


As for Luo Po valley, Tai Bai Yun Sheng had repaired it not long ago.


Fang Yuan gave it a try, cultivating inside Luo Po valley.


It was indeed the soul cultivation sacred land that was on par with Dang Hun Mountain!


Paired with Dang Hun Mountain’s guts Gu, Fang Yuan’s soul cultivation was advancing by leaps and bounds.


But now, Fang Yuan knew that the most important thing was to revive. His soul cultivation could be placed aside now, he did not need to engage in it.


Fang Yuan could almost not hold in his urge.




But just as he was about to start, he received Blazing Heaven Demoness’ letter.


The contents caused his revival plan to pause.


“Rank eight Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie?” When Fang Yuan saw this line, his heart pounded.


The information that Blazing Heaven Demoness gave him was regarding the nameless mountain in Southern Border.


This matter was too big now, it concerned an Immortal Gu House, it had spread throughout the entirety of Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world.


In Southern Border, there was a Zombie Alliance branch as well.


Thus, as the leader of the Northern Plains Zombie Alliance branch, Blazing Heaven Demoness quickly got hold of the news.


“Blazing Heaven Demoness has great ambitions, she knows that I have Fixed Immortal Travel, thus she observed the events over all five regions. As a higher up of Zombie Alliance, she could collect information more easily than Fairy Li Shan.”


Fang Yuan felt his weakness in intelligence gathering once again.


In his previous life, he had an organization and network, his developed blood path Gu worm techniques could replace the use of most information path methods.


But in this life, Fang Yuan used his previous life’s memories together with intelligence mainly from people like Fairy Li Shan and Lang Ya land spirit.


As more and more unexpected surprises occurred, Fang Yuan was starting to feel that his previous life’s memories were beginning to become unreliable.


The truth of history was often hidden in deep fog, what Fang Yuan saw in his previous life was only what had been exposed and was seemingly true on the surface.


Even for matters that he had experienced personally, they might not have been as simple as he thought.


The reasons for the occurrence of many events were complicated.


“In my previous life, I had a tough time, I slowly climbed up from the bottom, my network and resources were accumulated slowly, thus I had no obvious weaknesses. But after rebirth, I have obtained opportunities one after another, my strength rose rapidly, or rather, explosively. Thus, in many aspects, I could not keep up.”


“It seems that I have to use more information path methods to collect intelligence. For the time being, I can rely on outsiders like Blazing Heaven Demoness, but in the long run, I need to rely on myself!”


Fang Yuan contemplated.


Lack of information meant losing many opportunities.


Like just now, Fang Yuan did not know the situation, he was kept in the dark, he almost missed this fortuitous encounter completely.


Three days later, Fang Yuan went alone to Southern Border, approaching the nameless mountain.


Blazing Heaven Demoness was still in Dark Flow Giant City, she had told Fang Yuan in the letter that she was busy refining Gu and setting up the Immortal Gu formation, she could not leave. But when necessary, she would come to take action.


As for Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan, they were in Northern Plains, using Luo Po valley to cultivate their souls, and increase their foundation. They had an intense interest towards the Immortal Gu House, but their Northern Plains aura made it difficult for them to roam Southern Border.


Fang Yuan came here to obtain intelligence.


Even though he had become a Gu Immortal in Northern Plains, he had the concealment of vaguely familiar face, ordinary Gu Immortals could not expose him.


On the nameless mountain, once in a while, phantom images would reappear.


Bai Ning Bing was nowhere to be found.


Fang Yuan watched it three times over and pondered over it before moving, getting close to the nameless mountain.


As expected, like what Blazing Heaven Demoness said in the letter, this place was a forbidden zone for immortals. The deeper Fang Yuan went, the more he felt his limbs going weak, he felt that his immortal aperture was being pressured by a formless force.


Fang Yuan had to stop in his tracks, he knew that if this continued, his immortal aperture would be destroyed before he took fifty or sixty steps.


That would not do.


He had to use his strength path immortal aperture to create the life-and-death immortal aperture.


Fang Yuan had to retreat.


At this time, he heard a tender laughter from behind him.


Fang Yuan’s pupils shrunk, he immediately turned around.


Only to see a beautiful woman, dressed in pink and red, her hair was tied up and her skin was white like snow, her eyes were alluring and watery, she was standing nearby, looking at Fang Yuan.


Fang Yuan did not dare to be careless.


This woman was oozing with Gu Immortal aura, she was a rank six Gu Immortal.


Seeing Fang Yuan’s gaze, this beautiful woman introduced herself: “I am Li Mei Hua, people call me Granny Mei Hua. Handsome lad, you look very unfamiliar, where do you cultivate?”


Fang Yuan smiled, he thought: “So she is Granny Mei Hua.”


Even though Fang Yuan had never seen Granny Mei Hua personally, he had seen her granddaughter, that demonic path female Gu Master, Hu Mei Er.


To care for beauty was natural for women.


There was no relation between the age and appearance of Gu Immortals.


Right now, Fang Yuan wore a green robe and his sleeves were large and wide, the wind blew and his robe fluttered, moving like a war banner.


In Fang Yuan’s disguise, he had a rank six Gu Immortal aura, he was tall and skinny, having a middle aged appearance with a tall nose bridge, slim eyes, and his pupils radiated with faint traces of jade green light. He gave off an eerie aura, as if he was not to be trifled with, even though he was not good looking, he had quite a disposition.


“Granny Mei Hua, I have long since heard of you. I am Sheng Ying, I am just a simple wanderer.” Fang Yuan replied.


“Sheng Ying…” Li Mei Hua memorized this name, she could not remember such a person in Southern Border.


However, she did not find it strange.


Hearing Fang Yuan’s introduction, she knew that he was a lone cultivator.


Southern Border had many mountains, countless experts were in seclusion. Many lone cultivators never showed themselves, nobody knew about them.


But because of the Immortal Gu House, Gu Immortals one after another were attracted and had come over.


Fang Yuan, who was disguised as Sheng Ying, was just one of them.


These last days, Li Mei Hua had contacted many Gu Immortals similar to Fang Yuan.


Fang Yuan was slightly suspicious towards Li Mei Hua’s warm attitude in approaching him.


Fang Yuan was about to ask, when Li Mei Hua told him the reason.


Fang Yuan realized at once.


Li Mei Hua invited Fang Yuan to travel together, after thinking about it, he agreed.


He followed Li Mei Hua and moved out, settling down at Headless Mountain which was a thousand li away. When Fang Yuan got there, there were already many demonic path or lone immortals on the mountain.


Seeing Fang Yuan, many cast curious gazes, while some has grim or ruthless expressions.


Because they did not know Fang Yuan’s background, no Gu Immortals spoke to him yet.


But Granny Mei Hua was quite popular, the moment she returned, someone smiled: “Li Mei Hua, you brought another one?”


“Hahaha, this time, we demonic and lone cultivators have gathered to negotiate with the righteous path, Granny Mei Hua has made the most contribution towards it.”


“Oh no, I am flattered, I am just doing my best to help.” Li Mei Hua smiled as she greeted and interacted with the people around here one after another, she managed the individual relationships with great ease.


“Let me introduce you, this is brother Sheng Ying, he is a lone immortal.” After talking to everyone, Li Mei Hua introduced Fang Yuan to them.


“So you are brother Sheng.” Immediately, a demonic path Gu Immortal cupped his fists.


“I am Zhong He Zi.”


“I see that sir cultivates transformation path, oh, my name is Lan Tian Hong, I am also a lone cultivator.”


…


Fang Yuan showed a look of being poor at socializing, barely interacting with them.


After some short talks, Headless Mountain returned to being peaceful like before Fang Yuan arrived.


Li Mei Hua did not stay on the mountain for long, she had to return to the nameless mountain and wait for more people, she pointed at a mountain before leaving, telling Fang Yuan: “That Pine Tail Mountain is the base camp of the righteous path Gu Immortals.”


Even without her pointing it out, the intense Gu Immortal aura on that mountain had already informed Fang Yuan.


After separating from Li Mei Hua, Fang Yuan stayed on Headless Mountain.


He did not go out often, most of his time was spent in his cave, after all, Fang Yuan was disguised now, and vaguely familiar face was not an invincible disguise.


He stayed and waited for more than ten days, during this period, Headless Mountain and Pine Tail Mountain welcomed Gu Immortals from both righteous and demonic paths.


Most of them were rank six, whenever a rank seven Gu Immortal came, a commotion would be created, eventually, even rank eight Gu Immortals arrived, a total of four!


One demonic path, one lone cultivator, and two of the righteous path.


It formed a balance of power on both sides.


The rank eight Gu Immortals did not involve themselves, every day, the Gu Immortals on both sides recommended one person each to engage in a difficult negotiation.


After seven days and nights of negotiation, they finally came to an agreement.


The righteous and demonic paths, dozens of Gu Immortals set an agreement together, all around the nameless mountain, they were engaging in a grand contest that was rare even in a thousand years!


The winner of the contest would obtain the opportunity on the nameless mountain. As for the other Gu Immortals, they were not to attack the victor for the next three years.




