Chapter 97: Devils Run Amok


In the Internal Affairs Hall, in the interrogation room.


The light of the winter sun shone on the ground through the only window.


Fine dust particles slowly floated in the air, illuminated by the beam of light.


The light fell upon a chair.


Fang Yuan was sitting on that chair, bathing in the sunshine.


In the darkness before him was a long table where three elders were seated.


The interrogation had already been going on for an hour.


“Fang Yuan, are you sure what you have described is correct?” an elder asked.


“Yes.” Fang Yuan was staring down at his feet. The sunshine on his fair face made him look like a white sculpture.


He had already expected this situation.


After all, all of his teammates had died except him.


In fact, the clan would speak with every Gu Master involved in the battle to gather information. But being continuously interrogated for over an hour meant that someone was making things difficult for him from behind the scenes.


This was completely understandable.


As long as one was human and had relationships, there would be a series of people involved.


“Then describe the situation at that time once again,” the elder asked.


“Okay. I spent several days breaking through to rank two. Upon returning to the village gate, I met Chi Shan’s group…we left the village together and I reunited with my group after finding them. At that time, they were having a fierce fight with the wild boar king…” Fang Yuan calmly narrated.


He took the initiative to reveal his breakthrough to rank two. Without a Gu worm to conceal his rank two aura, he wouldn’t be able to hide it anyway.


Now that the Sickly Snake and his team were dead, he naturally fabricated some things. But he could only conceal a few key points and had to describe the majority of the events truthfully.


This was already the fifth time Fang Yuan had narrated the events of that day. The three elders frowned as they listened.


They couldn’t find any holes, but they knew from experience: if a story contained lies, there would be unnecessary details. If someone recounted their story several times, holes would naturally emerge. But after five times, although there were some differences in how Fang Yuan described things, the contents were the same.


It should be true, the three elders communicated to each other with their eyes.


But one elder was not satisfied.


Her daughter was the Sickly Snake group’s healing Gu Master. She had loved the girl dearly, but she ended up dying a cruel death in the wolves’ mouths. Her gaze was full of resentment as she glared at Fang Yuan.


“Fang Yuan, you cut the bladed net with your moonblades, why did you do it?” the middle-aged female elder spoke sternly.


“Because I wanted to contribute to the battle, but it ended up being a bad move,” Fang Yuan replied.


“Then let me ask you, did you intentionally use your teammate as a shield when you hid in the boar’s stomach?” she asked again.


“I don’t know. I was very scared at the time and hurriedly tried to hide inside the boar king, but she also tried to enter and fought with me for the spot. She couldn’t defeat me and was bitten to death by the lightning wolves. I am ashamed,” Fang Yuan answered.


The middle-aged female elder ground her teeth. Fang Yuan’s answer was cunning. He only stated the facts and didn’t mention his subjective intentions at all. This made the elders who wanted to find fault with him unable to grasp onto anything; their hearts were filled with anger, but there was nothing they could do.


Under such circumstances, they couldn’t judge Fang Yuan guilty.


It had already been three days since the small beast tide.


The number of casualties made all the higher-ups have ugly expressions.


There were losses in past small beast tides as well, but they were definitely not as grave as this one. The cause was the lightning wolf pack. In previous years, such packs would only appear after at least three waves of other beasts.


In this world, the environment was dangerous; survival, difficult.


For humans to survive, they not only had to contend with other humans for resources, they also had to struggle against fierce beasts and nasty weather.


And these struggles were often very difficult.


This small beast tide was still only a prelude. The real terror would be the large wolf tide next year. Tens of thousands of lightning wolves would charge towards the village, led by the terrifyingly powerful lightning wolf king.


The female elder continued to ask questions, but eventually she had to give up under Fang Yuan’s invulnerable answers.


“Then, Fang Yuan, what do you plan to do from now on?” another elder asked with deep intentions.


“I plan to apply for my family’s inheritance, continue my family’s legacy, and live well.” Fang Yuan spoke openly, there was no need to conceal it.


The Sickly Snake’s group had been destroyed and now only Fang Yuan was left. As a result, he didn’t have to use a rank two Gu Master’s right to give up on a mission and could accept the family assets mission.


The elder nodded, then shook his head. “You didn’t understand my meaning. Apart from you, your group is no more. I can give you a suggestion: join another group. The missions in the Internal Affairs Hall are designed for groups; it is very difficult for someone to complete them alone, whether it is your family inheritance mission or the compulsory monthly missions.”


Fang Yuan was silent.


This elder continued, “Of course, there is another option. You are already a rank two Gu Master. You have the qualifications to become a group captain. You just need to pass the examination mission and you can form your own group. Which do you want to choose?”


Fang Yuan blinked. “I don’t know yet, I need some time to consider.”


“Then you can leave. Think it over as soon as possible. After a few days pass, it will be difficult for you to join a group,” the elder said in concern.


Fang Yuan sneered inwardly. He wouldn’t choose either path.


He had a lot of secrets. Only by himself could he be safe and do things properly. Also, wouldn’t he be annoyed to death if there were others with him all the time?


After exiting the interrogation room, Fang Yuan didn’t immediately leave the Internal Affairs Hall. Instead, he applied for the inheritance mission. However, he was informed that he would have to wait three days due to recent events.


Coming out of the Internal Affairs Hall, he gazed at the sky.


It was just an ordinary winter afternoon.


The winter was bleak, the wind biting. The sky seemed to be pervaded with deep grief.


Mo Bei and a group of other youths were walking along the street, and they called out to him. “Today is a group memorial assembly. Jin Zhu is dead, did you know, Fang Yuan?”


Fang Zheng and Chi Cheng were among them.


Mo Bei and Chi Cheng normally loathed each other, but today, they seemed to have forgotten their grievances and walked together.


“Big Brother, Jin Zhu studied with us for a year. Come with us,” Fang Zheng said.


Gu Yue Jin Zhu…


The image of a certain girl immediately appeared in Fang Yuan’s mind.


She had been evenly matched with Mo Bei during the final exam, but lost because of her lacking stamina. She was a hardworking girl.


But death didn’t discriminate between the beautiful and the ugly.


Most people would feel pity, but Fang Yuan was indifferent as usual.


“Ah, she is dead? But dying, whether it be of old age, sickness, or battle, is a normal event. After seeing it many times, you’ll become indifferent to it. You guys go, I am busy.” Fang Yuan brushed past the group.


“This guy!” At once, many among the group were angered.


“He is really cold-blooded and heartless…”


“He doesn’t have a single bone of friendship in his body!”


“Hehe, there is a rumor going around recently. You should have all heard it, right? The reason Fang Yuan survived was because he hid inside a boar’s stomach and used his female teammate as a shield.”


“He is really a disgrace with no worth. He doesn’t even have the manners of a man.” Chi Cheng folded his arms and laughed coldly.


“Big Brother…” Fang Zheng lowered his head and ground his teeth.


As Fang Yuan’s little brother, he felt shame when he heard these discussions.


Fang Yuan left, letting the sounds of mockery fade into the distance behind him.


His heart was calm.


Why would insults matter to him?


Words were words, what could they do?


A superficial person would be angry at curses and happy due to praises.


They were just other peoples’ opinions. Those who lived according to them were quite pitiful.


In fact, some people had deliberately spread these rumors to tarnish Fang Yuan’s name.


Sacrificing a female teammate to protect oneself wouldn’t be subjected to punishment, but it would be criticized by moral consensus.


But this was the exact situation Fang Yuan wanted.


Once one entered the system, they would be a pawn without freedom and had to follow the system’s rules. To Fang Yuan, this was a huge obstacle: he needed resources, and even more than that, he needed to be solitary.


He wanted to be a loner.


So what if you were rejected by the crowd? Only the weak-hearted would be afraid of being rejected.


If this happened on Earth, no matter who it was, they would end up dead. In that world, two fists could not rival four palms, and social connections were necessary for survival.


But in this world, if their cultivation was strong, one person could beat tens, hundreds, even thousands of enemies.


So what if you are rejected? Just kill those who block your path. If you don’t have resources, take them.


Every world had different rules and regulations. The structure of society was also bound to be different, causing differences in human behaviors.


And in a world of martial arts, collective ideals were rather weak.


So in this world —


Devils run amok.


