Chapter 98: Difficulty of Refining Gu


“What? He’s a rank two Gu Master now and applied for the inheritance mission?!” Uncle Dong Tu’s shocked, furious voice reverberated throughout the main hall of his house.

“Indeed. Although I accepted your primeval stones, I cannot do much to stop him. I only managed to delay his acceptance of the mission for three days. I can only stall that long for you, that is my limit,” the middle-aged Gu Master beside him said.

Dong Tu snorted internally. He could sense the hidden meaning in the Internal Affairs Hall Gu Master’s words.

They were merely excuses to extort him for even more money.

But I have to do all I can to retain the assets. That rascal is such a troublemaker! Dong Tu broke out in a sweat. Fang Yuan’s growth was so rapid it was frightening.

“I came here especially to tell you this, so I’ll take my leave now.” The middle-aged man stood up to depart.

“Don’t be in such a rush, Brother. There are still some things I need you to assist me with.” Dong Tu hurriedly stood up, pulled out a money bag and pressed it into the middle-aged Gu Master’s hands.

He took the bag and stuffed it into his chest pocket, his entire demeanor changing at once. “Brother Dong Tu, you are too polite. Aren’t we as close as brothers? Haven’t we known each other for over ten years? Don’t worry, I will prepare the toughest mission possible for Fang Yuan. But he might employ other Gu Masters to help him, so be careful.”

“Hehehe, you can rest assured. Although I have retired, I still have my relationships. I’ve sent people to observe him. If that lad employs outsiders, that is against the clan rules, and I can use it against him. Hehe…”

“Then I am relieved. Goodbye.”

“Let me send you out.”

“It’s okay, please stay.”

Dong Tu stared at the departing Gu Master, his smile slowly fading.

That kid is only C grade, how could he advance to rank two so soon?! Damn it, what were Jiao San and the others doing?! They couldn’t even guard against a newbie.

And they were all killed by the beast tide, what incompetent fools. Since Fang Yuan advanced, there is no longer any way to prevent him from taking the inheritance mission. But he is working alone now, and aiming to complete the mission alone is quite difficult.

No! His luck is absurd! I used Jiao San’s team to suppress him, but almost immediately they were killed in the beast tide. If he relies on this luck again and completes the mission, what then? I have to prepare for the worst!

Dong Tu was an old fox. The fact that he had lived as a combat Gu Master and retired peacefully, all while thriving, showed his ability.

Compared to a young upstart like Fang Yuan, his interpersonal relationships were much stronger.

•••

“Collecting honey wine?” When Fang Yuan received the asset mission, his eyes shone with a cold glimmer.

This mission was very troublesome, it was to collect five liang[1] of golden bee’s honey wine. Golden bees were the size of a man’s fist, covered in black and gold stripes, and possessed powerful stingers.

That was not all. If the beehive was too small, it would only contain honey. Only a medium or large hive would produce enough honey for long enough that it would naturally ferment into precious honey wine.

This mission is very difficult, even for a five-man group. The number of people is actually irrelevant, because whoever collects the honey must have a strong defensive Gu to withstand the stings. It seems that my uncle has used his connections again to make the mission target my lack of a defensive Gu. Unfortunately for him… Fang Yuan laughed coldly in his heart.

The benefits of the Flower Wine Monk’s inheritance became apparent at this moment.

It was easy to do things secretly, and difficult to do things openly.

The more openly one acted, the more trump cards they revealed, and the easier it was to trap them. Conversely, working secretly hid one’s trump cards and prevented others from accurately judging them and targeting their weaknesses.

But if I want to collect honey wine, the Jade Skin Gu isn’t enough: golden bee stings would overwhelm a rank one Gu’s defenses. But if I can advance it to the rank two White Jade Gu, I would be able to do it easily.

Rather than taking needless risks, he used his rich life experience to choose the best path.

Speaking of which, Fang Yuan was already a rank two initial stage Gu Master, but other than the Spring Autumn Cicada, all his Gu were only rank one.

It was like a grown man capable of wielding a halberd instead using a small dagger. The dagger was unable to display the full extent of the man’s strength, and only with a halberd could he show his prowess.

Fang Yuan had seven Gu worms in his possession.

The Spring Autumn Cicada, Moonlight Gu, Liquor Worm, White Boar Gu, Jade Skin Gu, and two Little Light Gu.

From these, the Moonlight Gu could be refined with the two Little Light Gu to form the Moonglow Gu. The White Boar Gu and Jade Skin Gu could be refined into the White Jade Gu.

The Moonglow Gu represented a surge in attack power, while White Jade Gu was an increase in defense.

If Fang Yuan had enough primeval stones, he would choose to refine them both. But he had spent most of his resources to push to rank two. With the primeval stones he possessed, there was only enough for one refinement.

Undoubtedly, choosing to refine the White Jade Gu is the better choice. With the White Jade Gu, I can retrieve the honey wine and I can advance further in the Flower Wine Monk’s inheritance. But if this refinement fails, the results will be dire. My finances are on the brink of collapse, and without the White Jade Gu, I cannot get my parent’s assets. Getting stuck here will greatly slow my growth.

Fang Yuan felt a subtle pressure.

He knew that he was at a crossroads, and if this refinement succeeded, the future was bright. If he failed, then he would fall into the abyss. Recovering to this point would take a lot of time and effort.

•••

“Gu Masters use their primeval sea as the base, and Gu worms as the method. Gu are a Gu Master’s necessity; without them, they are not Gu Masters. Other than managing their own cultivation, Gu Masters also have to refine, nurture, and use Gu.”

The clan leader Gu Yue Bo was meticulously teaching Fang Zheng in his room.

“Refine, nurture, and use. Each of these three aspects is incredibly profound. Even if you spend an entire lifetime, you cannot fully comprehend them. On the aspect of refining Gu, you already know how to overwrite the wild consciousness in a Gu and make it yours. But this is only a single aspect of refinement. There is also the more important aspect of fusion.

“Through fusion, you can combine multiple Gu worms into one with a higher rank. This is the evolution of life. Fang Zheng, you are already a rank two Gu Master, but your Gu worms are all rank one. It is time you refine a rank two Gu worm.”

Fang Zheng asked, “Clan Leader, how do I fuse them?”

Gu Yue Bo replied, “To fuse, you have to know the recipe. Some Gu worms cannot be fused together. Through many eons of trial and error and endless failures, our ancestors have come up with several recipes. Our clan’s research is deepest on the Moonlight Gu, and we have developed two rank five recipes.”

“What is a rank five recipe?”

“In accordance with this recipe, through multiple fusions, one can eventually refine up to a rank five Gu worm. Fang Zheng, you have a Jade Skin Gu and a Moonlight Gu on hand, it satisfies the condition for one of the rank five recipes. If you follow this recipe, you will eventually create a rank five Gu — the Moonlight Treasure King!”

“The Moonlight Treasure King Gu?” Fang Zheng’s face was full of desire.

“Hehehe, telling you about a rank five Gu now is still too early. Come, take out your Jade Skin and Moonlight Gu, I’ll teach you how to fuse these two Gu into the rank two Moon Raiment!”

Gu Yue Bo’s expression turned solemn. “The most important thing about fusing Gu is parallel thinking and fusing your consciousness. The Moonlight Gu and Jade Skin Gu in your hands have no wild consciousness anymore, it has been overwritten by your own through your primeval essence. What you have to do now is to fuse these two thoughts together.”

“Fuse together?” Fang Zheng blinked, confused.

Gu Yue Bo smiled, “Do not worry. With practice, you will come to understand this feeling. Let’s begin.”

“Mm.” Fang Zheng nodded, and under Gu Yue Bo’s guidance, his red steel primeval essence rose like smoke, enveloping the Jade Skin Gu and the Moonlight Gu in midair.

Fang Zheng shut his eyes, feeling and manipulating the two Gu worms’ consciousnesses.

Gu Yue Bo watched from the side, observing the Jade Skin Gu and Moonlight Gu circling each other like two planets.

As Fang Zheng attempted to fuse their consciousness, the distance between the two Gu worms shortened.

After three hours of continuous tries, Fang Zheng finally managed to fuse them together perfectly.

All at once, the Jade Skin Gu and Moonlight Gu both erupted in a bright white light.

The two lights linked together, forming a ball as big as a man’s head.

“Maintain this state and throw primeval stones into the light,” Gu Yue Bo advised.

Fang Zheng took out a primeval stone and threw it at the ball of light.

Strangely, when it collided with the light, the stone turned into a surge of pure natural essence, completely fusing into it. Only some rock powder remained, scattering on the bed.

“Continue throwing them in until the rank two Gu is complete.” Gu Yue Bo said.

Fang Zheng was about to throw a second stone, but suddenly, the light vanished, and the two Gu flew in opposite directions like they had repelled each other.

The refinement failed.

“Damn, I forgot to maintain the fusion of consciousness.” Fang Zheng immediately realized his mistake.

“Don’t worry, failing at the start is normal,” Gu Yue Bo consoled him. “But be careful, you cannot fail too many times. If you do, both the Moonlight and Jade Skin Gu will perish.”

Fang Zheng called back the two Gu. He found that there were tiny cracks on the Moonlight Gu’s surface, while the Jade Skin Gu looked like it was weakened.

His heart sank as he felt the difficulty of refining Gu.

* * *

[1]. Approximately 165 grams or 5.5 ounces.

