Chapter 981: The Might of a Wisdom Path Grandmaster


Eastern Sea, Yu Lu blessed land.


Just as in his previous life, Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng were led by the scenic blue travel immortal zombie, Sha Nan Jiang, passing Yu Lu blessed land’s entrance.


“Brother Tai Bai, we meet again. Hahaha!” Shark Demon saw Tai Bai Yun Sheng and showed a warm expression.


He took the initiative to approach and pat Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s shoulder affectionately.


Even though Tai Bai Yun Sheng had not been in Eastern Sea for a long time, he had Man as Before and Landscape as Before, these two Immortal Gu that gave him fame.


Earlier, when Tai Bai Yun Sheng assisted Shark Demon and the others in attacking Yu Lu blessed land, his Man as Before was a huge help to everyone.


After Shark Demon said his greetings, he directed his gaze towards Fang Yuan: “Sir, you must be brother Tai Bai’s best friend, Wisdom Star Chen Dao? Since you are brother Tai Bai’s friend, you are also my friend.”


“I am but a wandering lone cultivator, I would not dare.” Fang Yuan smiled humbly.


His body was straight, he looked like a scholar with a handsome face, he had the appearance of a good looking young man.


His skin was fair, the bridge of his nose was high, his thick brows hung over his deep eyes, right now, Fang Yuan was smiling, with his handsome appearance, he looked like a perfect gentleman, it was very appealing.


In his previous life, Fang Yuan was Xing Xiang Zi, but now, he was Wisdom Star.




The power of familiar face was much greater than vaguely familiar face. If Shark Demon and the others could not expose his identity then, it was even more impossible now.


Shark Demon’s wife, Su Bai Man looked at Fang Yuan for a while, speaking: “I heard that sir cultivates wisdom path primarily and star path secondarily, you were highly recommended by Sir Tai Bai. Can we have a demonstration?”


In his previous life, Fang Yuan was disguised as Xing Xiang Zi and declared: he cultivated star path primarily and wisdom path secondarily. But now, Fang Yuan’s wisdom path attainment level had reached grandmaster level, even without any wisdom path Immortal Gu, he had sufficient foundation. Thus, he swapped the primary and secondary path this time.


Fang Yuan nodded, saying to Shark Demon and the others: “All of you must be curious about my cultivation level, that is normal. Hmm… then I shall give it a go, and let everyone critique.”


In his previous life, Fang Yuan was very humble, but now, even though he spoke in a polite manner, his expression was full of arrogance.


Shark Demon and Su Bai Man looked at each other, feeling great anticipation.


Tai Bai Yun Sheng felt deep worry internally, but he did not show it on his face.


Bo Dan, who was among them, had a grim expression. Fang Yuan’s appearance threatened his status immensely, his benefits were being infringed.


At once, everyone’s gazes were on Fang Yuan!


Fang Yuan smiled, one of his hands was behind his back, while the other was holding a feather fan, waving it in front of his chest.




He looked around, observing the surroundings.


At this moment, it was still the battlefield killer move freezing rain frozen earth. Thus, when he looked around, it was a vast area of snow and ice.


Once in a while, there would be icy rain forming countless snow monsters, bringing huge problems to everyone.


Fang Yuan only took a while to look around before he said: “I have completed my deduction.”


Shark Demon and the others were shocked, they thought that Fang Yuan was creating some immortal killer move, but to think that he was done so quickly!


Su Bai Man spoke in an even more polite manner: “Sir truly has incredible cultivation level, to think that you could unravel the flaws of this battlefield killer move in such a manner without creating any commotion, it is truly amazing.”


“No, no.” Fang Yuan waved his hands: “Madam is too kind. It would take some effort to deduce the flaws of this battlefield killer move, what I deduced was not that.”


An immortal zombie asked immediately: “Then what did sir deduce?”


Fang Yuan spoke calmly: “I deduced some details about the battlefield killer move. For example, the battlefield killer move that we are in is called freezing rain frozen earth.”


Hearing this, the immortals were stunned.


Immediately, Shark Demon frowned as a sharp light flashed in his eyes, he had a ruthless nature, he was about to blow up when Su Bai Man stopped him secretly.


Bo Dan chuckled, saying: “Chen Dao, are you toying with us? Everyone knows that this battlefield killer move is called freezing rain frozen earth. To think that you have such weak abilities but such great guts, you dare to toy with Lord Shark Demon and Lady Su Bai Man!”


Su Bai Man laughed, relaxing the tense atmosphere: “Hold your tongue, Bo Dan, I am sure brother Chen is only joking, he has yet to use his true abilities.”


Fang Yuan shook his head: “Madam, this is what I deduced.”


Su Bai Man’s expression froze, her gaze also became dark.


“What?!” Shark Demon snorted, he could not stand it anymore, he stared with furious eyes as he walked up angrily.


At this moment, Tai Bai Yun Sheng walked forward, standing in front Fang Yuan, obstructing Shark Demon.


He cupped his fists to Shark Demon as he said with a bitter smile: “Lord Shark Demon, it was my fault. I did not tell you all that my brother Chen is like this, he like to explain the deduction in bits and pieces, it has troubled me for a long time too.”


“Oh?” Shark Demon’s expression eased, he stared at Fang Yuan.


“Sigh, oh brother Chen, tell us your full deduction.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng pretended to be anxious.


Fang Yuan laughed heartily: “Everyone, I indeed did deduce the origins of this battlefield killer move, but there is not only freezing rain frozen earth. Underneath it, there is fighting soul battlefield, eight doors labyrinth, and unmoving troops.”


“Fighting soul battlefield, eight doors labyrinth, unmoving troops… is this for real?” Shark Demon was drawn in by Fang Yuan’s words, his eyes shined with bright light as he stared at Fang Yuan.


Fang Yuan waved his fan slowly: “I made the deduction, how can it be wrong?”


Shark Demon and Su Bai Man transmitted to each other secretly.


Shark Demon was joyful: “My wife, if this Wisdom Star is accurate, then his wisdom path attainment is incredible!”


Su Bai Man agreed: “That’s right! The few wisdom path Gu Immortals that we invited earlier faced great difficulty in deducing the battlefield killer move, to think that this person found the answer so easily.”


Shark Demon pondered: “We will see. What if he is just spouting nonsense and pretending to be mysterious? If he is wrong, what good would it do?”


Su Bai Man thought about it as she rejected that possibility: “I think it is unlikely. Firstly, Tai Bai Yun Sheng is an honest man, he approves of this person, if he really is a wisdom path grandmaster, then it is understandable that he could find the battlefield killer moves. Secondly, we can confirm his claims. As we attack the blessed land, we can confirm if he is right. If he wants to deceive us, he would not be so stupid as to give us information that can be exposed so easily.”


“Yes, you are right.”


While Shark Demon and Su Bai Man were conversing, Bo Dan could no longer wait, he sneered at Fang Yuan: “Chen Dao, you are very smart, what an amazing deduction you made! As long as we do not go past freezing rain frozen earth, who would know if you are right or wrong?”


Fang Yuan sighed internally, he had trampled on and framed this Bo Dan in his previous life, it seemed that it was unavoidable this time round as well.


Fang Yuan did not want unnecessary trouble, but this Bo Dan was prancing in front of him, he had no choice.


At this time, Shark Demon smiled: “Sir Chen, Bo Dan is rude, please don’t take it personally.”


“Even though he is rude, he is speaking the truth. The things that I deduced need some time to confirm.” Fang Yuan nodded in admission.


Su Bai Man smiled lightly: “I don’t know why, but even though this is the first time I am meeting sir, it is as if we are long lost acquaintances, I feel a sense of cordiality and trust. Thus, even though we cannot confirm it now, I will believe sir.”


“Hahaha, many people say that as well.” Fang Yuan talked big, he was not humble at all.


But he did not need to be humble anyway.


The effect of familiar face was like this.


Shark Demon said: “Sir Chen, we are stuck at freezing rain frozen earth, I hope sir will help. The faster we unravel this battlefield, the faster we can get to the next layer and confirm sir’s deductions, proving your capabilities.”


Fang Yuan laughed heartily: “Lord Shark Demon, that is not true. I am confident in my earlier deduction, I do not need to confirm anything to myself. It is just that all of you do not trust me and needs some affirmation.”


After a while, Fang Yuan continued: “Since you want my help, should we talk about the remuneration first?”


Shark Demon frowned, Fang Yuan’s attitude made him very unhappy.


After all, Fang Yuan was only rank six while he was rank seven, this attitude of a rank six towards a rank seven could already be considered a form of offense.


Fang Yuan sucked up to Shark Demon in his previous life, that was because he wanted to join Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance, thus he was very polite. But now, Fang Yuan had already obtained the Earth Trench inheritance, why would he need to join Zombie Alliance?


Shark Demon was attacking Yu Lu blessed land, he needed Fang Yuan’s help, Fang Yuan had to make use of this status to gain more benefits.


After some negotiation, Shark Demon offered a huge price.


Fang Yuan accepted it gladly and started to work.


Even though he did not have star thought Immortal Gu, now was different from his previous life, he had wisdom path grandmaster attainment level. Even if he only used mortal Gu, he could do many things.


Most importantly, he had unraveled this battlefield killer move in his previous life.


Thus, when he worked, results came quickly, it caused everyone to cheer and gasp loudly.


In his previous life, Fang Yuan could only focus solely on unraveling the battlefield killer move, but now, Fang Yuan had a lot of leeway in doing it, he placed his focus on learning instead.


Be it in his previous life or now, Fang Yuan did not have a single battlefield killer move.


He was extremely curious in regards to any battlefield killer move.


As time passed, Fang Yuan gained more understanding about freezing rain frozen earth, and obtained deeper insight.


The core Immortal Gu of freezing rain frozen earth, how many there were, how many supplementary mortal Gu there were, Fang Yuan gradually understood them.


Except that he could not investigate for the time being how these Gu worms cooperated, and how many ways they could be used in a certain manner.


Once in a while, there would be icy rain and snow monsters attacking, but Shark Demon and the others attacked and ensured Fang Yuan’s safety.


Fang Yuan did not make the same mistake as previously, he did not increase the power of freezing rain frozen earth. Instead, he deduced and unraveled it step by step, weakening the battlefield killer move gradually.


As for Bo Dan, he had already shrunken into a corner dejectedly, he did not dare to contest with Fang Yuan.


Fang Yuan’s wisdom path attainment was far deeper than in his previous life. Back then, Bo Dan felt indignant, but now, he saw their immense gap and lost all fighting spirit, he felt great dejection.


Eventually, when Fang Yuan almost expended all of the mortal star thought Gu that he accumulated, he stopped.


Sixty percent of freezing rain frozen earth had been unraveled, only forty percent was left.


“Why did brother Chen stop?” Shark Demon asked anxiously.


Fang Yuan smiled: “Haste means waste, I am feeling tired, we will stop here for today.”


Shark Sea was furious, but he needed Fang Yuan’s help, he had no other choice, he could only smile: “Sir, you are right, you need to rest. How about this, you are a guest from afar, do you want to visit my Shark Sea? My personal shark fishing banquet is unique in Eastern Sea.”


The other immortals gasped upon hearing this, they looked at Fang Yuan with much envy.


Fang Yuan nodded, his expression was plain: “Then I will trouble Lord Shark Demon.”




