Chapter 989: Chasing Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance


Two figures emerged from Luo Po valley, one in front and one behind.


They were the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie and Hei Cheng!


Fang Yuan went on alert, his gaze followed the two, he did not chase them immediately.


After a while, there were no Central Continent Gu Immortals who came out of Luo Po valley.


Fang Yuan guessed in his mind: “It seems that even though I kept Xue Song Zi alive, the result was only stalled by three days. Shadow Sect still lost, now it seems only the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie and Hei Cheng escaped.”


Actually, this result was not strange.


The decisive factor of this battle was the fighting between Feng Jiu Ge and Qin Bai Sheng.


Fang Yuan kept Xue Song Zi alive, but just merely him alone did not have much of an impact towards the two experts.


“I wonder if there are any other changes in the hundred days battle in Luo Po valley this time?” Fang Yuan thought as he chased.


The Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie flew quickly, his speed was very fast, he turned into a black line in the air, shooting forward rapidly.


“Who is it?!” Suddenly, the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie stopped, his eyes burning with fire.




Tai Bai Yun Sheng appeared, smiling coldly: “You are finally here, you will die today!”


“Merely a rank six, hmph!” Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance burst out with killing intent, pouncing at lightning speed.


Boom!


He hit Tai Bai Yun Sheng harshly, the latter turned into a clump of bubbles and dissipated.


“Illusion!” The Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie’s heart jumped: “The other party is only rank six, he dares to obstruct a rank seven. Most importantly, how did he know my location? Is he a Northern Plains pawn of Central Continent? Earlier, he did not join the hundred days battle because his battle strength was too low, and could not do much? Or perhaps he just arrived? Or do the Central Continent Gu Immortals not trust him?”


This Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance, even though he was an immortal zombie, had high wisdom path attainment, in an instant, countless thoughts turned in his mind, he understood Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s objective.


“He is only rank six, while I have rank seven cultivation level, and I have forty percent of my battle strength left! He is not my match, and has a Northern Plains Gu Immortal aura, the most likely reason is that he is just here to slow me down and delay my escape!”


“Hehehe, slow down, no rush.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s illusion appeared again.


This illusion was very vivid, earlier, the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance was not paying attention and thought it was his true body.


But now, after using investigative methods, the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance took a look and found something amiss.




“Hmph.” He snickered, flying far away.


Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s battle strength was not high, and he did not have fast movement abilities, he could only cause a disturbance.


But the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance did not care, after realizing Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s intentions, he only thought of escaping.


“Where do you think you’re going? Stay here.” Fang Yuan finally caught up.


He had Fixed Immortal Travel, and arranged for Tai Bai Yun Sheng to slow him down, with their information path methods, he could keep an eye on the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance, he could catch up easily.


If not for the fact that Fang Yuan did not want to expose Fixed Immortal Travel and his identity in front of the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie, he would have arrived long ago.


Seeing Fang Yuan’s arrival, Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s heart was uplifted.


Next was the crucial moment.


Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie saw Fang Yuan and his heart jumped, he was so scared he shuddered.


“Feng Jiu Ge!” He screamed.


In fact, Fang Yuan had used familiar face to turn into Feng Jiu Ge’s appearance.


His battle strength was only at the peak of rank six. Because he enslaved the featherman Gu Immortal, his battle strength fell by a lot. If they properly fought, he would not be able to do much.


But Fang Yuan had a trump card.


This trump card was star soul battlefield.


The Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie was only rank seven. After the hundred days battle, and breaking out with difficulty, his remaining battle strength would be less than half of usual.


In this situation, as long as they forced the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie into star soul battlefield and used it to drain his strength, Fang Yuan could likely win.


“Forget about Hei Cheng for now, he is like a stray dog, probably in a worse state than in my previous life, his Immortal Gu House has already been lost in Luo Po valley. Otherwise, why did the Central Continent Gu Immortals not chase him? He has heavy injuries and only has dark arrow Immortal Gu, he is not a concern.”


“But this Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie is a crucial member. Qin Bai Sheng and Jiang Yu went through all means possible to keep him alive. During the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, he was one of the members inside the ten extreme immortal zombie lifeless formation, acting as a formation core!”


“He is assigned an important mission, he will not die easily. In my previous life, after Old Ancestor Xue Hu captured him, he awaited the rescue of Zombie Alliance. Thus, there is a high chance of me capturing him.”


“As long as I capture him, I can soul search him and Shadow Sect’s secrets will be exposed to me. Of course, if his soul was tampered with, it would be like Xue Song Zi in my previous life. But even then, when I kill him, it would be a huge loss to Shadow Sect in the execution of their plans.”


Fang Yuan had many considerations, Shadow Sect had huge power, if he wanted to take Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage, he would need to face this mysterious and powerful Gu Immortal force.


According to Fang Yuan’s experience and ruthlessness, as well as his forceful personality, why would he not find trouble with Shadow Sect personally?


Fang Yuan was not going to wait passively.


This time, he was going to strike at their weakness and deal a huge blow to them!


“Is it really Feng Jiu Ge?” The Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie saw that Fang Yuan was approaching while having a thought.


He was a core member of Shadow Sect, Qin Bai Sheng’s plan was not hidden from him.


Before the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie broke out, he had seen Qin Bai Sheng using the location to drag Feng Jiu Ge, Ao Xue, and Ling Mei into the space of the Thieving Heaven true inheritance. Afterwards, Qin Bai Sheng would suicide, using the winds of assimilation to eliminate Feng Jiu Ge and the rest.


How could Feng Jiu Ge appear here?


The likelihood was very small!


Because Shadow Sect had already learned: Zhao Lian Yun had been secretly sent to Central Continent.


From Spirit Affinity House’s perspective, they had control of a Thieving Heaven true inheritance, they would naturally send Zhao Lian Yun there.


“Unless, among Feng Jiu Ge, Ao Xue, and Ling Mei, one of them is an otherworldly demon! But we had investigated this beforehand too!”


Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie thought quickly as he recalled Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s previous illusion, feeling deeper suspicion towards the Feng Jiu Ge who was chasing him.


Thus, he decided to use his investigative immortal killer move.


After investigating, he broke out in cold sweat.


“This is the real Feng Jiu Ge!” At once, the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie wanted to grow a hundred pairs of wings to help him fly away faster.


“My familiar face can fool even rank eight Gu Immortals. How can you overcome it? I have star fog concealment protecting me, which means, even if you use wisdom path methods, it will take a long time for you to find out my identity.”


With star fog concealment, a large part of familiar face’s flaws were alleviated.


Furthermore, if the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie makes deductions on Fang Yuan, Fang Yuan would sense that the star fog was thinning, he would naturally activate the immortal killer move star fog concealment again and resist the deduction, concealing the truth.


Unless the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie had very strong wisdom path methods that could defeat star fog concealment quickly.


But this was very unlikely.


At least, in Fang Yuan’s previous life, in the information he got from Hei Lou Lan, there was nothing that stated the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie had shown any wisdom path methods during the hundred days battle.


Familiar face’s power was fully displayed at this moment.


Even though it did not have attacking power, the great Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie, having one of the ten extreme physiques with rank seven battle strength, was sent into shock by Fang Yuan, and escaped in a panic.


He had powerful movement ability, at least two immortal killer moves were meant for movement.


Fang Yuan’s flying speed could not keep up with the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie.


But Fang Yuan had Fixed Immortal Travel!


Fang Yuan had used wisdom path methods to scout the surrounding area completely already.


As long as he knew the direction that the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie was going, Fang Yuan would teleport there and block his path.


This way, Fang Yuan chased and obstructed him at times, doing this repeatedly, he gradually chased the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie towards the area he had made his arrangements.


There, Fang Yuan had placed many Gu worms and set up most of the star soul battlefield. Once he gets there, he would use his Immortal Gu and in a few breaths’ time, star soul battlefield would be formed.


Once the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie falls into star soul battlefield, he would be a trapped beast.


But just as the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal killer move was forced towards Fang Yuan’s specially created trap, he suddenly turned around, using an immortal killer move to attack Fang Yuan!


Whoosh whoosh whoosh!


The blazing red flames shot towards Fang Yuan.


The temperature in the air rose, Fang Yuan felt incomparable heat before the flames even reached him, his eyebrows and hair were turning charred.


Fang Yuan’s eyes flashed sharply, he had to retreat!


The Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie laughed heartily: “Lowly rat, you actually dared to deceive me!”


Fang Yuan sighed secretly, no plans were perfect. His biggest flaw was that his flying speed was too slow.


In the hundred days battle, Feng Jiu Ge displayed incredible speed, Fang Yuan could not replicate it.


This flaw made the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie increasingly suspicious.


As his suspicions grew, the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie started to guess Fang Yuan’s motives.


Not only did he have great battle strength, he had a meticulous mind, even as an immortal zombie, he was not held back by its weakness, he was very astute.


Fang Yuan almost succeeded in his plan, but at the crucial moment, it failed.


Now, the situation had turned around.


Fang Yuan was the one in grave danger!


The Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie’s flying speed was much faster than Fang Yuan’s. Fang Yuan had enslaved the featherman Gu Immortal, his situation was very bad.


After dodging the flames with much difficulty, Fang Yuan was in a pathetic state.


The Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie was angry that Fang Yuan deceived him, he was greatly enraged, he charged towards this fake ‘Feng Jiu Ge’.


Fang Yuan suddenly looked inspired, laughing: “Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie, you fell for it! Everyone, my mission is complete, I will leave the rest to you.”


The Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie was shocked, he subconsciously turned around and escaped for his life.




