Chapter 99: Human, Not God


Crash…


Great waves tumbled in the primeval sea, rising up and down.


The sea was light red. It was not the green copper sea of rank one, but a red steel sea.


The aperture was encased in a layer of light, showing that it was rank two initial stage.


The sea of primeval essence occupied 44% of the aperture. Above the sea, the Spring Autumn Cicada appeared.


After a year of recuperation, it had already somewhat recovered.


Previously, it was dull and rough like withered wood. Now, it had some gloss to it.


Its wings, once yellowed and shriveled like autumn leaves, had begun to turn green, and the leaf vein lines had darkened and mended.


Spring Autumn Cicada, spring and autumn…I see now, it needs to experience the changes of spring and autumn to recover. Since my rebirth, a year has passed, which means a turn of spring and autumn, and so it has recovered somewhat.


Fang Yuan felt his understanding of the Spring Autumn Cicada grow a step as he observed it.


A Gu Master needed to refine, nurture, and use Gu. The aspect of “using” had countless variations. Fang Yuan had been in contact with the Spring Autumn Cicada all this time, and his comprehension of it was slowly accumulating and deepening.


But the Spring Autumn Cicada is still weak, it is merely a few steps away from death rather than at the precipice. I can still only use its aura to suppress Gu worms and make it easy to refine them. As for fusing, it won’t be of any help.


Every Gu had its own specialty, and there were, in fact, mystical Gu worms that raised the success rate of fusion.


Other than the Spring Autumn Cicada, there were several other Gu in his possession. The fat Liquor Worm was curled up in a ball, floating and playing in the sea.


The ladybug-like White Boar Gu and the green Jade Skin Gu were revolving around each other.


Fang Yuan opened his eyes and slowly opened his right hand. On his palm were tattoo-like markings of a crescent moon and two five-sided stars, the residence of the Moonlight Gu and the two Little Light Gu.


Fang Yuan sat cross-legged on the bed, his eyes falling to the three money bags on the bed sheet.


Two of them were bulging and one was mostly deflated. In addition to the bags, there was also a snow-white tusk from the wild boar king, as large as an elephant’s tusk, lying close to Fang Yuan’s leg.


The Sickly Snake group had used all their strength to kill the wild boar king, but they met with the lightning wolf pack’s attack. The majority of the skin and flesh of the wild boar king had been eaten away by the lightning wolves, so its tusks were the most valuable spoils of war.


According to the clan’s rules and regulations, Fang Yuan — as a member of the team that killed the wild boar king — received one of its tusks.


Fang Yuan looked at these items, his expression heavy. I don’t have many primeval stones left, only enough for one attempt. After this refinement, no matter if I succeed or fail, my finances will be dire. But if I don’t try, it will only be twelve or so days before I lose the chance to refine at all.


Fang Yuan was raising seven Gu worms, so he had a large financial burden. And because of his C grade aptitude, he had to repeatedly use the Liquor Worm if he wanted to quickly improve his cultivation. His primeval stone consumption was far beyond that of an ordinary Gu Master.


Recently, he had even stopped using primeval stones to recover primeval essence. Every drop of it in his aperture now was due to natural recovery.


Fang Yuan was already beginning to cut his primeval stones consumption; he couldn’t afford to waste any after calculating his expenditures.


Right now, it was like he had tumbled off a cliff. He could only desperately grasp at vines along the cliff’s edge to avoid falling.


But as time passed, those vines would snap one by one. If he didn’t take any risks, it wouldn’t take long for him to fall.


What he had to do now was to use those vines and climb up the cliff with all his strength.


If he succeeded, he could seize the opportunity to obtain the family inheritance and ascend to another level, stepping into a whole new world.


If he lost, he would fall, and climbing back up would cost an incredible amount of time and energy.


No matter what happens, let’s begin. Fang Yuan took a deep breath and focused.


White Boar Gu, Jade Skin Gu!


The two Gu worms followed his will, drilling out of his aperture and floating in front of Fang Yuan.


Fuse! Fang Yuan shouted in his mind. The two Gu suddenly shone with dazzling light and collided.


Without a sound, they formed into a ball of light, more brilliant than before.


This showed that Fang Yuan was fusing his consciousness.


Fang Yuan concentrated, maintaining the white ball of light. He began taking out primeval stones and throwing them into it.


The primeval stones were devoured by the light, leaving only rock powder that fell on the bed. Each time the ball of light swallowed a primeval stone, it expanded a little.


The ball of light absorbed the natural primeval essence and continued to grow.


Gradually, it changed from the size of a washbasin to that of a millstone.


Almost there. Fang Yuan’s eyes narrowed; he decisively threw the wild boar king’s tusk into the ball of light.


If anyone were to witness this scene, they would be astonished. The White Jade Gu’s recipe was well known and circulated for thousands of years, but no one had ever heard of adding in a wild boar king’s tusk.


However, not being used in the past didn’t mean that it wouldn’t be in the future.


One hundred and fifty years from now, a Gu Master would improvise this recipe; he discovered that adding a wild boar’s tusk would greatly increase the success rate of the refinement.


Fang Yuan naturally knew of this trick thanks to his previous life.


As the tusk collided with the ball of light, it instantly changed.


The previously-dazzling light softened. While before, it had radiated in all directions, it now pulsed in a pattern, shifting between light and darkness.


Under Fang Yuan’s gaze, the ball of light slowly shrank and finally dissipated.


Instead of the Jade Skin Gu and White Boar Gu, there was now a completely new Gu worm calmly hovering there.


It was like a white oval pebble, neither the pale white of rice paper nor the creamy white of milk, but rather a smooth white like that of jade.


It was the rank two White Jade Gu!


Only then did Fang Yuan let out a mouthful of turbid air, his heart relieved.


You might think that this process looks simple. It is not.


Firstly, the merging of consciousnesses requires skill in multitasking.


Drawing a circle with one hand and a square with another is called dual-tasking. A lot of people can’t even manage to do that, let alone more things at once.


Multitasking could only be achieved after years of hard cultivation, suffering, and setbacks, and even then, one would still need some talent.


Fang Yuan could do it so proficiently because of his five hundred years of deep experience; not a hint it was faked or forged.


Secondly, one requires understanding and knowledge of Gu worms.


The deeper the Gu Master’s understanding of Gu worms, the higher the success rate of refinement.


In about three hundred years, this knowledge would be widespread.


Thus, the longer you use Gu worms, the greater the probability of success.


Thirdly, one requires the correct recipe.


In this recipe, for example, the boar king’s tusk was a secret addition, increasing the success rate by twenty percent. Its efficiency was extraordinary.


Some recipes were quite well known, but there were many that weren’t.


Consider Gu Yue Village: the recipes for the Moonlight Gu and its advancements were held by a small number of elders and clan leaders through each generation.


Such recipes, especially the rank five or higher ones, would be treasured like their lives. Many Gu Masters would not pass them on until they were about to die.


But even if one met all three conditions, there was no absolute guarantee of success. Even a person like Fang Yuan, who had five hundred years of memories, plentiful experience, deep understanding of Gu worms, skill in multitasking, and knowledge of many recipes, had a possibility of failure when fusing Gu worms.


One could only say that his failure rate was lower.


Fusing Gu worms was forcibly evolving life, a type of creation. It condensed time to the extreme, making the long process of evolution bear fruit in an instant.


On Earth, only a god could do this.


It was no doubt a miracle of life. Gu Masters were performing an act of divinity with mortal bodies, how could they succeed every time?


If someone could, they would not be a human, but a god.


