Chapter 990: Fang Yuans Second Entry into Luo Po Valley


Seeing that Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie was flying away, Fang Yuan relaxed, he immediately left in the opposite direction.


Although he had Fixed Immortal Travel, it was best that he did not expose this Gu.


Fixed Immortal Travel was too obvious, if it was exposed, even if one was not a wisdom path Gu Immortal, they could deduce the true identity of Fang Yuan.


“I have Fixed Immortal Travel, many Gu Immortals know that. Sigh, if not for that, it would be much more convenient for me to do things.”


Fang Yuan flew towards the direction he had set up the battlefield killer move, a moment later, he arrived at his destination.


There, Tai Bai Yun Sheng had been waiting already.


“The strategy to force the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie here failed.” Fang Yuan said solemnly.


Tai Bai Yun Sheng sighed in relief: “In my opinion, this is a good thing. After all, with just the two of us, to deal with a rank seven Gu Immortal, it is very dangerous. Actually, Fang Yuan, you do not need to be so anxious, Central Continent still hasn’t found us, right? Even if they found us, master would not leave us in the lurch. Don’t forget, we have Fixed Immortal Travel, where can we not go in this world? We can develop peacefully now and accumulate our strength. Why is there a need to put ourselves in danger all the time?”


Fang Yuan sighed, he shook his head and did not speak.


Fang Yuan did not tell Tai Bai Yun Sheng about the Immortal Gu House.


It was not that he did not want to develop peacefully, but the situation did not allow it. Tai Bai Yun Sheng was not a person from the future like Fang Yuan, only with his five hundred years of experience did Fang Yuan know how deep the Gu Immortal world’s secrets could be.




Once the truth of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building was exposed, the suppression of Heavenly Court and the ten great ancient sects of Central Continent would come faster and with greater severity than Tai Bai Yun Sheng could imagine.


Even if Fang Yuan wanted to develop peacefully, he would not be able to.


His businesses would definitely suffer greatly.


As long as Heavenly Court hands out false information that Fang Yuan had obtained an immense amount of wealth inside Eighty-Eight True Yang Building and has countless Immortal Gu with him, as well as Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s luck path true inheritance.


Then no matter where he went, he would be suppressed and chased after.


After all, the current era was not the one where dream realm flourished. It was no exaggeration that Fang Yuan, with Giant Sun’s true inheritance, would become the focus of the entire Gu Immortal world.


Fang Yuan with only rank six bottom tier cultivation level would become the target of countless greedy people.


By then, Fang Yuan, with insufficient battle strength, would have to roam everywhere like a stray dog.


Even if he wanted to develop, he would not be able to.


Don’t forget, he had to undergo calamities and tribulations, once in a while, he would be faced with them.




But if he had the Immortal Gu House Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage, everything would be different.


Rank eight battle strength was at the peak of the Gu Immortal world. A Fang Yuan who had nothing but cultivation level at the bottom of rank six could be hunted down by the entire world. But a Fang Yuan with rank eight battle strength would only be targeted by rank eight Gu Immortals or super forces that owned Immortal Gu Houses.


Even if they had strength, they needed time, effort, and most importantly, confidence in taking down Fang Yuan.


Thus, these two situations were vastly different.


Tai Bai Yun Sheng saw that Fang Yuan was silent and spoke to console him: “Fang Yuan, are you forcing yourself too much? No need to be like this. Actually, you can change your lifestyle. We are immortals, we should enjoy life occasionally, shouldn’t we?”


“I am enjoying life now.” Fang Yuan gave Tai Bai Yun Sheng a glance, before looking into the horizon: “It has been a while, but we have not seen that Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie approaching, he is truly cool-headed! With his intelligence, he should have been able to know that I was lying very quickly. But that person was not overcome by rage, he used the chance to leave instead.”


“Oh you.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng shook his head, sighing: “But this Gu formation that you set up is quite something, it is very interesting. It surrounds an area of tens of thousands of li, it is the largest Gu formation I have seen, and within it, I can actually control Gu worms and create illusions. Most importantly, the Gu worms used to create this formation are all mortal Gu. Where did you get it? Was it obtained from Yu Lu blessed land as well?”


Fang Yuan nodded, but did not explain it.


He had not only obtained star eyes Immortal Gu from Yu Lu blessed land, he had also gotten Fairy Yu Lu’s cultivation knowledge.


From it, he had an inspiration, and using the light of wisdom, Fang Yuan created this huge Gu formation that was designed for this situation.


Fang Yuan said: “Just an area of ten of thousands of li, so what? Look at Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, it covers the entirety of Northern Plains! And this Gu formation is actually very weak, the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie merely did not break it because he was busy escaping and did not have the time for it. Alright, let’s go, we are going to chase Hei Cheng.”


Fang Yuan’s plan against the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie did not work, the other party was simply too astute.


But Fang Yuan was not going to let Hei Cheng go.


Fang Yuan had planned for the featherman Gu Immortal Zhou Zhong to tail Hei Cheng, he instructed him to follow secretly and avoid battling.


The process of chasing Hei Cheng was very successful.


Even though Hei Cheng had high cultivation level, he was injured and only had dark arrow Immortal Gu, he had also experienced the hundred days battle.


Fang Yuan did the same thing again and set up the trap.


This time, he did not turn into Feng Jiu Ge, but pretended to be Old Lord Can Yang.


Hei Cheng was escaping and fell into the trap easily.


Fang Yuan had been waiting for a long time, he activated his Immortal Gu and opened the star soul battlefield.


The pitiful Hei Cheng was continuously weakened by star soul battlefield, he had no choice but to scream surrender.


Fang Yuan did not take his life, instead, capturing him alive.


This way, Hei Cheng became the first gain that Fang Yuan had after creating star soul battlefield.


Hei Cheng had great value, at the very least, if he were to be sold to Hei Lou Lan, she would be willing to be extorted by a huge sum.


But before this, Fang Yuan had to conduct a thorough soul search on Hei Cheng.


He had obtained information from Hei Lou Lan in his previous life, but how could that compare to Fang Yuan’s personal search?


Bringing along the captive Hei Cheng, Fang Yuan returned to Hu Immortal blessed land.


He rested while observing Northern Plains’ situation.


“My next target is Luo Po valley. Once I have it, together with Dang Hun Mountain, my soul foundation will grow at a rapid pace! The backlash of using slavery Immortal Gu will be quickly eliminated, and my battle strength will recover!” Fang Yuan had a strong desire towards Luo Po valley.


Back then, he had chosen to trade for slavery Immortal Gu because of Luo Po valley’s existence.


Fang Yuan wanted to take Luo Po valley, but he needed to wait for some time.


After soul searching Hei Cheng, Fang Yuan knew that during the initial period of the hundred days battle, Xue Song Zi died. The rest of the battle was similar to his previous life, and towards the end, it was nearly identical.


“Feng Jiu Ge was trapped by Qin Bai Sheng using some unknown method. By now, Luo Po valley has been taken over by the Central Continent Gu Immortals, it is not time to go yet.”


Fang Yuan waited patiently.


He would never lack patience.


Soon, the situation in Northern Plains changed, Fang Yuan’s attention was drawn over.


The Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie escaped and sneaked into Earth Trench, but found out that Old Ancestor Xue Hu was stealing immortal zombie corpses.


A battle ensued, the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie was captured, while Old Ancestor Xue Hu was exposed, attracting the rage of Zombie Alliance.


Even though the hundred days battle was dragged on by a few days, the incident regarding Old Ancestor Xue Hu still occurred.


Fang Yuan felt a bit of pity regarding this.


He did not want Blazing Heaven Demoness to return to Northern Plains so quickly.


Blazing Heaven Demoness, along with Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan, these three immortals together gave Fang Yuan a lot of pressure.


He still wanted to sell Hei Cheng for a good price.


But if Blazing Heaven Demoness helped Hei Lou Lan, Fang Yuan would be very passive.


Later developments were almost the same as in his previous life.


Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance ordered Blazing Heaven Demoness to return to Northern Plains and defend Dark Flow Giant City.


Blazing Heaven Demoness was the leader of the Northern Plains Zombie Alliance branch, she could not refuse it.


Even though she knew that Fang Yuan had Fixed Immortal Travel, to play it safe, she chose two rank eight immortal zombies and some others to accompany her in passing the regional walls.


Fang Yuan told Blazing Heaven Demoness a plan, saying that he had deduced it using wisdom path methods.


Blazing Heaven Demoness heard it and praised him: “This plan is brilliant, I like it. Old Ancestor Xue Hu is hard to deal with, but he has a weakness, that is, he lacks immortal materials to refine fortune rivalling heaven Immortal Gu. Tell me, knowing your personality, what do you want in return for giving me this plan?”


Blazing Heaven Demoness did not know that this was a plan that she had come up with after returning to Dark Flow City and thinking deeply for a long time.


Fang Yuan told her that he wanted strength path immortal zombie bodies.


Blazing Heaven Demoness hesitated, but thinking about Fang Yuan’s deep background, she agreed to it.


Fang Yuan was doing this for assurance.


In case he fails in obtaining the Immortal Gu House and the rank eight Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie, he still had a way out.


Time passed rapidly.


Fang Yuan was investigating Central Continent, and knew that the Central Continent Gu Immortals had started to leave Northern Plains.


“It is time to take Luo Po valley.”


Fang Yuan mobilized Tai Bai Yun Sheng and Zhou Zhong, using Fixed Immortal Travel to get to the deepest part of Luo Po valley.


He had come here in his previous life, and after soul searching Hei Cheng, he knew the scenery of Luo Po valley. Thus, it was easy to get here.


At this time, Hui Feng Zi, who had surrendered to Central Continent, was guarding this place, preventing anyone from entering Luo Po valley. He did not know that Fang Yuan was already inside.


Immortal Gu Pulling Mountain!


Fang Yuan had just activated this Immortal Gu and was about to take Luo Po valley into his immortal aperture when a change occurred.


In his ears, a voice could be heard.


It was when he was in the dream realm, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had once sang —


“Fallen songs and despondent heroes, difficulty in resisting the trials of fate.”


“Bent swords sink in the sand, rising and falling from ancient times, the rumbling of an unceasing heavenly river.”


“Alas…”


“Spectral night carries a soul into endless dreams, where can one rest in peace?”


“During spring and autumn body and mind shifts, only heaven’s will remains vast and boundless.”


This time, Fang Yuan heard it clearly. At the same time, a wave of information entered his mind.


Fang Yuan’s shock was beyond description!


“Luo Po valley actually has a Thieving Heaven true inheritance?!”




